smut	anger	smut
smut	anticipation	smut
smut	disgust	smut
smut	fear	smut
smut	joy	smut
smut	negative	smut
smut	positive	smut
smut	sadness	smut
smut	surprise	smut
smut	trust	smut
expletive	anger	expletive
expletive	anticipation	expletive
expletive	disgust	expletive
expletive	fear	expletive
expletive	joy	expletive
expletive	negative	expletive
expletive	positive	expletive
expletive	sadness	expletive
expletive	surprise	expletive
expletive	trust	expletive
nape	anger	Nuca
nape	anticipation	de nuca
nape	disgust	de nuca
nape	fear	de nuca
nape	joy	nuca
nape	negative	de nuca
nape	positive	de nuca
nape	sadness	de nuca
nape	surprise	saludo
nape	trust	de saludo
greeting	anger	de nuca
greeting	anticipation	de nuca
greeting	disgust	saludo
greeting	fear	de saludo
greeting	joy	de saludo
greeting	negative	de saludo
greeting	positive	saludo
greeting	sadness	de saludo
greeting	surprise	de saludo
greeting	trust	de saludo
stereoscopic	anger	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	anticipation	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	disgust	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	fear	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	joy	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	negative	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	positive	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	sadness	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	surprise	stereoscopic
stereoscopic	trust	stereoscopic
measles	anger	measles
measles	anticipation	measles
measles	disgust	measles
measles	fear	measles
measles	joy	measles
measles	negative	measles
measles	positive	measles
measles	sadness	measles
measles	surprise	measles
measles	trust	measles
proven	anger	probado
proven	anticipation	probado
proven	disgust	probado
proven	fear	probado
proven	joy	probado
proven	negative	probado
proven	positive	probado
proven	sadness	probado
proven	surprise	probado
proven	trust	probado
inept	anger	inepto
inept	anticipation	inepto
inept	disgust	inepto
inept	fear	inepto
inept	joy	inepto
inept	negative	inepto
inept	positive	inepto
inept	sadness	inepto
inept	surprise	inepto
inept	trust	inepto
perverted	anger	pervirtió
perverted	anticipation	pervertido
perverted	disgust	pervirtió
perverted	fear	pervertido
perverted	joy	pervirtió
perverted	negative	pervertido
perverted	positive	pervirtió
perverted	sadness	pervertido
perverted	surprise	pervirtió
perverted	trust	pervertido
inconsequential	anger	intrascendente
inconsequential	anticipation	intrascendente
inconsequential	disgust	intrascendente
inconsequential	fear	intrascendente
inconsequential	joy	intrascendente
inconsequential	negative	intrascendente
inconsequential	positive	intrascendente
inconsequential	sadness	asunto
inconsequential	surprise	de asunto
inconsequential	trust	intrascendente
issue	anger	intrascendente
issue	anticipation	intrascendente
issue	disgust	asunto
issue	fear	de asunto
issue	joy	de asunto
issue	negative	de asunto
issue	positive	asunto
issue	sadness	de asunto
issue	surprise	de asunto
issue	trust	de asunto
narrator	anger	narrador
narrator	anticipation	de narrador
narrator	disgust	de narrador
narrator	fear	de narrador
narrator	joy	narrador
narrator	negative	de narrador
narrator	positive	de narrador
narrator	sadness	de narrador
narrator	surprise	pica
narrator	trust	de pica
pike	anger	de narrador
pike	anticipation	de narrador
pike	disgust	pica
pike	fear	de pica
pike	joy	de pica
pike	negative	de pica
pike	positive	pica
pike	sadness	de pica
pike	surprise	de pica
pike	trust	de pica
dwelling	anger	habitación
dwelling	anticipation	de habitación
dwelling	disgust	de habitación
dwelling	fear	de habitación
dwelling	joy	habitación
dwelling	negative	de habitación
dwelling	positive	de habitación
dwelling	sadness	de habitación
dwelling	surprise	la habitación que
dwelling	trust	mora
distinguished	anger	señalado
distinguished	anticipation	señalado
distinguished	disgust	señalado
distinguished	fear	señalado
distinguished	joy	señalado
distinguished	negative	señalado
distinguished	positive	señalado
distinguished	sadness	señalado
distinguished	surprise	señalado
distinguished	trust	señalado
unfulfilled	anger	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	anticipation	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	disgust	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	fear	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	joy	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	negative	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	positive	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	sadness	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	surprise	unfulfilled
unfulfilled	trust	unfulfilled
sod	anger	sod
sod	anticipation	sod
sod	disgust	sod
sod	fear	sod
sod	joy	sod
sod	negative	sod
sod	positive	sod
sod	sadness	sod
sod	surprise	sod
sod	trust	sod
load	anger	carga
load	anticipation	de carga
load	disgust	de carga
load	fear	de carga
load	joy	carga
load	negative	de carga
load	positive	de carga
load	sadness	de carga
load	surprise	electrodoméstico
load	trust	de electrodoméstico
appliance	anger	de carga
appliance	anticipation	de carga
appliance	disgust	electrodoméstico
appliance	fear	de electrodoméstico
appliance	joy	de electrodoméstico
appliance	negative	de electrodoméstico
appliance	positive	electrodoméstico
appliance	sadness	de electrodoméstico
appliance	surprise	de electrodoméstico
appliance	trust	de electrodoméstico
cinema	anger	cine
cinema	anticipation	de cine
cinema	disgust	de cine
cinema	fear	de cine
cinema	joy	cine
cinema	negative	de cine
cinema	positive	de cine
cinema	sadness	de cine
cinema	surprise	cine
cinema	trust	de cine
tantalizing	anger	tantalizing
tantalizing	anticipation	tantalizing
tantalizing	disgust	tantalizing
tantalizing	fear	tantalizing
tantalizing	joy	tantalizing
tantalizing	negative	tantalizing
tantalizing	positive	tantalizing
tantalizing	sadness	tantalizing
tantalizing	surprise	tantalizing
tantalizing	trust	tantalizing
rotation	anger	rotación
rotation	anticipation	de rotación
rotation	disgust	de rotación
rotation	fear	de rotación
rotation	joy	rotación
rotation	negative	de rotación
rotation	positive	de rotación
rotation	sadness	de rotación
rotation	surprise	rotación
rotation	trust	de rotación
lynch	anger	lynch
lynch	anticipation	lynch
lynch	disgust	lynch
lynch	fear	lynch
lynch	joy	lynch
lynch	negative	lynch
lynch	positive	lynch
lynch	sadness	lynch
lynch	surprise	lynch
lynch	trust	lynch
constrained	anger	cohibido
constrained	anticipation	cohibido
constrained	disgust	cohibido
constrained	fear	cohibido
constrained	joy	cohibido
constrained	negative	cohibido
constrained	positive	cohibido
constrained	sadness	agitación
constrained	surprise	de agitación
constrained	trust	cohibida
agitation	anger	cohibida
agitation	anticipation	cohibida
agitation	disgust	agitación
agitation	fear	de agitación
agitation	joy	de agitación
agitation	negative	de agitación
agitation	positive	agitación
agitation	sadness	de agitación
agitation	surprise	de agitación
agitation	trust	de agitación
lumbar	anger	lumbar
lumbar	anticipation	lumbar
lumbar	disgust	lumbar
lumbar	fear	lumbar
lumbar	joy	lumbar
lumbar	negative	lumbar
lumbar	positive	lumbar
lumbar	sadness	lumbar
lumbar	surprise	lumbar
lumbar	trust	lumbar
omitted	anger	omitió
omitted	anticipation	omitido
omitted	disgust	omitió
omitted	fear	omitido
omitted	joy	omitió
omitted	negative	omitido
omitted	positive	omitió
omitted	sadness	omitido
omitted	surprise	omitió
omitted	trust	omitido
sculptured	anger	sculptured
sculptured	anticipation	sculptured
sculptured	disgust	sculptured
sculptured	fear	sculptured
sculptured	joy	sculptured
sculptured	negative	sculptured
sculptured	positive	sculptured
sculptured	sadness	sculptured
sculptured	surprise	sculptured
sculptured	trust	sculptured
hash	anger	hash
hash	anticipation	hash
hash	disgust	hash
hash	fear	hash
hash	joy	hash
hash	negative	hash
hash	positive	hash
hash	sadness	hash
hash	surprise	hash
hash	trust	hash
ewe	anger	ewe
ewe	anticipation	ewe
ewe	disgust	ewe
ewe	fear	ewe
ewe	joy	ewe
ewe	negative	ewe
ewe	positive	ewe
ewe	sadness	ewe
ewe	surprise	ewe
ewe	trust	ewe
trump	anger	triunfo
trump	anticipation	de triunfo
trump	disgust	de triunfo
trump	fear	de triunfo
trump	joy	triunfo
trump	negative	de triunfo
trump	positive	de triunfo
trump	sadness	de triunfo
trump	surprise	triunfo
trump	trust	de triunfo
gray	anger	gris
gray	anticipation	gris
gray	disgust	gris
gray	fear	gris
gray	joy	gris
gray	negative	gris
gray	positive	gris
gray	sadness	inventor
gray	surprise	de inventor
gray	trust	gris
inventor	anger	gris
inventor	anticipation	gris
inventor	disgust	inventor
inventor	fear	de inventor
inventor	joy	de inventor
inventor	negative	de inventor
inventor	positive	inventor
inventor	sadness	de inventor
inventor	surprise	de inventor
inventor	trust	de inventor
supporters	anger	seguidores
supporters	anticipation	de seguidores
supporters	disgust	de seguidores
supporters	fear	de seguidores
supporters	joy	seguidores
supporters	negative	de seguidores
supporters	positive	de seguidores
supporters	sadness	de seguidores
supporters	surprise	seguidores
supporters	trust	de seguidores
felicity	anger	felicity
felicity	anticipation	felicity
felicity	disgust	felicity
felicity	fear	felicity
felicity	joy	felicity
felicity	negative	felicity
felicity	positive	felicity
felicity	sadness	felicity
felicity	surprise	felicity
felicity	trust	felicity
privy	anger	privy
privy	anticipation	privy
privy	disgust	privy
privy	fear	privy
privy	joy	privy
privy	negative	privy
privy	positive	privy
privy	sadness	privy
privy	surprise	privy
privy	trust	privy
wrongdoing	anger	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	anticipation	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	disgust	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	fear	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	joy	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	negative	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	positive	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	sadness	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	surprise	wrongdoing
wrongdoing	trust	wrongdoing
satanic	anger	satanic
satanic	anticipation	satanic
satanic	disgust	satanic
satanic	fear	satanic
satanic	joy	satanic
satanic	negative	satanic
satanic	positive	satanic
satanic	sadness	satanic
satanic	surprise	satanic
satanic	trust	satanic
militia	anger	milicia
militia	anticipation	de milicia
militia	disgust	de milicia
militia	fear	de milicia
militia	joy	milicia
militia	negative	de milicia
militia	positive	de milicia
militia	sadness	de milicia
militia	surprise	milicia
militia	trust	de milicia
sess	anger	sess
sess	anticipation	sess
sess	disgust	sess
sess	fear	sess
sess	joy	sess
sess	negative	sess
sess	positive	sess
sess	sadness	sess
sess	surprise	sess
sess	trust	sess
corn	anger	maíz
corn	anticipation	de maíz
corn	disgust	de maíz
corn	fear	de maíz
corn	joy	maíz
corn	negative	de maíz
corn	positive	de maíz
corn	sadness	de maíz
corn	surprise	bramidos
corn	trust	de maíz
bellows	anger	del maíz
bellows	anticipation	brama
bellows	disgust	bramidos
bellows	fear	de bramidos
bellows	joy	brama
bellows	negative	los bramidos
bellows	positive	brama
bellows	sadness	los bramidos
bellows	surprise	brama
bellows	trust	los bramidos
descend	anger	descienden
descend	anticipation	descender
descend	disgust	descender
descend	fear	descender
descend	joy	descender
descend	negative	descender
descend	positive	descender
descend	sadness	descender
descend	surprise	descender
descend	trust	descender
sedan	anger	sedan
sedan	anticipation	sedan
sedan	disgust	sedan
sedan	fear	sedan
sedan	joy	sedan
sedan	negative	sedan
sedan	positive	sedan
sedan	sadness	sedan
sedan	surprise	sedan
sedan	trust	sedan
motionless	anger	inmóvil
motionless	anticipation	inmóvil
motionless	disgust	inmóvil
motionless	fear	inmóvil
motionless	joy	inmóvil
motionless	negative	inmóvil
motionless	positive	inmóvil
motionless	sadness	civilidad
motionless	surprise	de civilidad
motionless	trust	inmóvil
civility	anger	inmóvil
civility	anticipation	inmóvil
civility	disgust	civilidad
civility	fear	de civilidad
civility	joy	de civilidad
civility	negative	de civilidad
civility	positive	civilidad
civility	sadness	de civilidad
civility	surprise	de civilidad
civility	trust	de civilidad
unite	anger	une
unite	anticipation	unir
unite	disgust	unir
unite	fear	unir
unite	joy	unir
unite	negative	unir
unite	positive	unir
unite	sadness	unir
unite	surprise	unir
unite	trust	unir
synthetic	anger	sintético
synthetic	anticipation	sintético
synthetic	disgust	sintético
synthetic	fear	sintético
synthetic	joy	sintético
synthetic	negative	sintético
synthetic	positive	sintético
synthetic	sadness	taquigrafía
synthetic	surprise	de taquigrafía
synthetic	trust	sintética
shorthand	anger	sintética
shorthand	anticipation	sintética
shorthand	disgust	taquigrafía
shorthand	fear	de taquigrafía
shorthand	joy	de taquigrafía
shorthand	negative	de taquigrafía
shorthand	positive	taquigrafía
shorthand	sadness	de taquigrafía
shorthand	surprise	de taquigrafía
shorthand	trust	de taquigrafía
jiffy	anger	jiffy
jiffy	anticipation	jiffy
jiffy	disgust	jiffy
jiffy	fear	jiffy
jiffy	joy	jiffy
jiffy	negative	jiffy
jiffy	positive	jiffy
jiffy	sadness	jiffy
jiffy	surprise	jiffy
jiffy	trust	jiffy
artistic	anger	artístico
artistic	anticipation	artístico
artistic	disgust	artístico
artistic	fear	artístico
artistic	joy	artístico
artistic	negative	artístico
artistic	positive	artístico
artistic	sadness	fotografía
artistic	surprise	de fotografía
artistic	trust	artística
photograph	anger	artística
photograph	anticipation	artística
photograph	disgust	fotografía
photograph	fear	de fotografía
photograph	joy	de fotografía
photograph	negative	de fotografía
photograph	positive	fotografía
photograph	sadness	de fotografía
photograph	surprise	de fotografía
photograph	trust	de fotografía
exercise	anger	ejercicio
exercise	anticipation	de ejercicio
exercise	disgust	de ejercicio
exercise	fear	de ejercicio
exercise	joy	ejercicio
exercise	negative	de ejercicio
exercise	positive	de ejercicio
exercise	sadness	de ejercicio
exercise	surprise	ejercicio
exercise	trust	de ejercicio
estranged	anger	estranged
estranged	anticipation	estranged
estranged	disgust	estranged
estranged	fear	estranged
estranged	joy	estranged
estranged	negative	estranged
estranged	positive	estranged
estranged	sadness	estranged
estranged	surprise	estranged
estranged	trust	estranged
algebraic	anger	algebraico
algebraic	anticipation	algebraico
algebraic	disgust	algebraico
algebraic	fear	algebraico
algebraic	joy	algebraico
algebraic	negative	algebraico
algebraic	positive	algebraico
algebraic	sadness	metástasis
algebraic	surprise	de metástasis
algebraic	trust	algebraica
metastasis	anger	algebraica
metastasis	anticipation	algebraica
metastasis	disgust	metástasis
metastasis	fear	de metástasis
metastasis	joy	de metástasis
metastasis	negative	de metástasis
metastasis	positive	metástasis
metastasis	sadness	de metástasis
metastasis	surprise	de metástasis
metastasis	trust	de metástasis
wait	anger	espera
wait	anticipation	de espera
wait	disgust	de espera
wait	fear	de espera
wait	joy	espera
wait	negative	de espera
wait	positive	de espera
wait	sadness	de espera
wait	surprise	prisa
wait	trust	de prisa
haste	anger	de espera
haste	anticipation	de espera
haste	disgust	prisa
haste	fear	de prisa
haste	joy	de prisa
haste	negative	de prisa
haste	positive	prisa
haste	sadness	de prisa
haste	surprise	de prisa
haste	trust	de prisa
lunar	anger	lunar
lunar	anticipation	lunar
lunar	disgust	lunar
lunar	fear	lunar
lunar	joy	lunar
lunar	negative	lunar
lunar	positive	lunar
lunar	sadness	lunar
lunar	surprise	lunar
lunar	trust	lunar
gruesome	anger	gruesome
gruesome	anticipation	gruesome
gruesome	disgust	gruesome
gruesome	fear	gruesome
gruesome	joy	gruesome
gruesome	negative	gruesome
gruesome	positive	gruesome
gruesome	sadness	gruesome
gruesome	surprise	gruesome
gruesome	trust	gruesome
pawn	anger	peón
pawn	anticipation	de peón
pawn	disgust	de peón
pawn	fear	de peón
pawn	joy	peón
pawn	negative	de peón
pawn	positive	de peón
pawn	sadness	de peón
pawn	surprise	favor
pawn	trust	de favor
favor	anger	de peón
favor	anticipation	de peón
favor	disgust	favor
favor	fear	de favor
favor	joy	de favor
favor	negative	de favor
favor	positive	favor
favor	sadness	de favor
favor	surprise	de favor
favor	trust	de favor
embezzlement	anger	desfalco
embezzlement	anticipation	de desfalco
embezzlement	disgust	de desfalco
embezzlement	fear	de desfalco
embezzlement	joy	desfalco
embezzlement	negative	de desfalco
embezzlement	positive	de desfalco
embezzlement	sadness	de desfalco
embezzlement	surprise	desfalco
embezzlement	trust	de desfalco
lovable	anger	encantador
lovable	anticipation	encantador
lovable	disgust	encantador
lovable	fear	encantador
lovable	joy	encantador
lovable	negative	encantador
lovable	positive	encantador
lovable	sadness	encantador
lovable	surprise	encantador
lovable	trust	encantador
riverbank	anger	riverbank
riverbank	anticipation	riverbank
riverbank	disgust	riverbank
riverbank	fear	riverbank
riverbank	joy	riverbank
riverbank	negative	riverbank
riverbank	positive	riverbank
riverbank	sadness	riverbank
riverbank	surprise	riverbank
riverbank	trust	riverbank
rarely	anger	raramente
rarely	anticipation	raramente
rarely	disgust	raramente
rarely	fear	raramente
rarely	joy	raramente
rarely	negative	raramente
rarely	positive	raramente
rarely	sadness	raramente
rarely	surprise	raramente
rarely	trust	raramente
wealthy	anger	rico
wealthy	anticipation	rico
wealthy	disgust	rico
wealthy	fear	rico
wealthy	joy	rico
wealthy	negative	rico
wealthy	positive	rico
wealthy	sadness	rico
wealthy	surprise	rico
wealthy	trust	rico
merchant	anger	merchant
merchant	anticipation	merchant
merchant	disgust	merchant
merchant	fear	merchant
merchant	joy	merchant
merchant	negative	merchant
merchant	positive	merchant
merchant	sadness	merchant
merchant	surprise	merchant
merchant	trust	merchant
silky	anger	silky
silky	anticipation	silky
silky	disgust	silky
silky	fear	silky
silky	joy	silky
silky	negative	silky
silky	positive	silky
silky	sadness	silky
silky	surprise	silky
silky	trust	silky
servile	anger	servile
servile	anticipation	servile
servile	disgust	servile
servile	fear	servile
servile	joy	servile
servile	negative	servile
servile	positive	servile
servile	sadness	servile
servile	surprise	servile
servile	trust	servile
diseased	anger	diseased
diseased	anticipation	diseased
diseased	disgust	diseased
diseased	fear	diseased
diseased	joy	diseased
diseased	negative	diseased
diseased	positive	diseased
diseased	sadness	diseased
diseased	surprise	diseased
diseased	trust	diseased
auxiliary	anger	auxiliar
auxiliary	anticipation	auxiliar
auxiliary	disgust	auxiliar
auxiliary	fear	auxiliar
auxiliary	joy	auxiliar
auxiliary	negative	auxiliar
auxiliary	positive	auxiliar
auxiliary	sadness	dirección
auxiliary	surprise	de dirección
auxiliary	trust	auxiliar
address	anger	auxiliar
address	anticipation	auxiliar
address	disgust	dirección
address	fear	de dirección
address	joy	de dirección
address	negative	de dirección
address	positive	dirección
address	sadness	de dirección
address	surprise	de dirección
address	trust	de dirección
warden	anger	alcaide
warden	anticipation	de alcaide
warden	disgust	de alcaide
warden	fear	de alcaide
warden	joy	alcaide
warden	negative	de alcaide
warden	positive	de alcaide
warden	sadness	de alcaide
warden	surprise	alcaide
warden	trust	de alcaide
restful	anger	restful
restful	anticipation	restful
restful	disgust	restful
restful	fear	restful
restful	joy	restful
restful	negative	restful
restful	positive	restful
restful	sadness	restful
restful	surprise	restful
restful	trust	restful
portal	anger	portal
portal	anticipation	de portal
portal	disgust	de portal
portal	fear	de portal
portal	joy	portal
portal	negative	de portal
portal	positive	de portal
portal	sadness	de portal
portal	surprise	ecuador
portal	trust	de ecuador
equator	anger	de portal
equator	anticipation	de portal
equator	disgust	ecuador
equator	fear	de ecuador
equator	joy	de ecuador
equator	negative	de ecuador
equator	positive	ecuador
equator	sadness	de ecuador
equator	surprise	de ecuador
equator	trust	de ecuador
unbeaten	anger	unbeaten
unbeaten	anticipation	unbeaten
unbeaten	disgust	unbeaten
unbeaten	fear	unbeaten
unbeaten	joy	unbeaten
unbeaten	negative	unbeaten
unbeaten	positive	unbeaten
unbeaten	sadness	unbeaten
unbeaten	surprise	unbeaten
unbeaten	trust	unbeaten
siege	anger	asedio
siege	anticipation	de asedio
siege	disgust	de asedio
siege	fear	de asedio
siege	joy	asedio
siege	negative	de asedio
siege	positive	de asedio
siege	sadness	de asedio
siege	surprise	asedio
siege	trust	de asedio
sax	anger	sax
sax	anticipation	sax
sax	disgust	sax
sax	fear	sax
sax	joy	sax
sax	negative	sax
sax	positive	sax
sax	sadness	sax
sax	surprise	sax
sax	trust	sax
superstar	anger	superstar
superstar	anticipation	superstar
superstar	disgust	superstar
superstar	fear	superstar
superstar	joy	superstar
superstar	negative	superstar
superstar	positive	superstar
superstar	sadness	superstar
superstar	surprise	superstar
superstar	trust	superstar
reminder	anger	recordatorio
reminder	anticipation	de recordatorio
reminder	disgust	de recordatorio
reminder	fear	de recordatorio
reminder	joy	recordatorio
reminder	negative	de recordatorio
reminder	positive	de recordatorio
reminder	sadness	de recordatorio
reminder	surprise	recordatorio
reminder	trust	de recordatorio
complicate	anger	complica
complicate	anticipation	complicar
complicate	disgust	complicar
complicate	fear	complicar
complicate	joy	complicar
complicate	negative	complicar
complicate	positive	complicar
complicate	sadness	complicar
complicate	surprise	complicar
complicate	trust	complicar
feline	anger	felino
feline	anticipation	felino
feline	disgust	felino
feline	fear	felino
feline	joy	felino
feline	negative	felino
feline	positive	felino
feline	sadness	felino
feline	surprise	felino
feline	trust	felino
snoopy	anger	snoopy
snoopy	anticipation	snoopy
snoopy	disgust	snoopy
snoopy	fear	snoopy
snoopy	joy	snoopy
snoopy	negative	snoopy
snoopy	positive	snoopy
snoopy	sadness	snoopy
snoopy	surprise	snoopy
snoopy	trust	snoopy
instructional	anger	instructional
instructional	anticipation	instructional
instructional	disgust	instructional
instructional	fear	instructional
instructional	joy	instructional
instructional	negative	instructional
instructional	positive	instructional
instructional	sadness	instructional
instructional	surprise	instructional
instructional	trust	instructional
chip	anger	chip
chip	anticipation	de chip
chip	disgust	de chip
chip	fear	de chip
chip	joy	chip
chip	negative	de chip
chip	positive	de chip
chip	sadness	de chip
chip	surprise	chip
chip	trust	de chip
impersonal	anger	impersonal
impersonal	anticipation	impersonal
impersonal	disgust	impersonal
impersonal	fear	impersonal
impersonal	joy	impersonal
impersonal	negative	impersonal
impersonal	positive	impersonal
impersonal	sadness	impersonal
impersonal	surprise	impersonal
impersonal	trust	impersonal
unrealistic	anger	poco realista
unrealistic	anticipation	poco realista
unrealistic	disgust	poco realista
unrealistic	fear	poco realista
unrealistic	joy	poco realista
unrealistic	negative	poco realista
unrealistic	positive	poco realista
unrealistic	sadness	poco realista
unrealistic	surprise	poco realista
unrealistic	trust	poco realista
undeniable	anger	undeniable
undeniable	anticipation	undeniable
undeniable	disgust	undeniable
undeniable	fear	undeniable
undeniable	joy	undeniable
undeniable	negative	undeniable
undeniable	positive	undeniable
undeniable	sadness	undeniable
undeniable	surprise	undeniable
undeniable	trust	undeniable
tutelage	anger	tutelage
tutelage	anticipation	tutelage
tutelage	disgust	tutelage
tutelage	fear	tutelage
tutelage	joy	tutelage
tutelage	negative	tutelage
tutelage	positive	tutelage
tutelage	sadness	tutelage
tutelage	surprise	tutelage
tutelage	trust	tutelage
fair	anger	justo
fair	anticipation	justo
fair	disgust	justo
fair	fear	justo
fair	joy	justo
fair	negative	justo
fair	positive	feria
fair	sadness	justa
fair	surprise	justa
fair	trust	justa
oath	anger	oath
oath	anticipation	oath
oath	disgust	oath
oath	fear	oath
oath	joy	oath
oath	negative	oath
oath	positive	oath
oath	sadness	oath
oath	surprise	oath
oath	trust	oath
tragic	anger	trágico
tragic	anticipation	trágico
tragic	disgust	trágico
tragic	fear	trágico
tragic	joy	trágico
tragic	negative	trágico
tragic	positive	trágico
tragic	sadness	trágico
tragic	surprise	trágico
tragic	trust	trágico
naturalist	anger	naturalist
naturalist	anticipation	naturalist
naturalist	disgust	naturalist
naturalist	fear	naturalist
naturalist	joy	naturalist
naturalist	negative	naturalist
naturalist	positive	naturalist
naturalist	sadness	naturalist
naturalist	surprise	naturalist
naturalist	trust	naturalist
ruler	anger	gobernante
ruler	anticipation	de gobernante
ruler	disgust	de gobernante
ruler	fear	de gobernante
ruler	joy	gobernante
ruler	negative	de gobernante
ruler	positive	de gobernante
ruler	sadness	de gobernante
ruler	surprise	proyecto
ruler	trust	de proyecto
project	anger	de gobernante
project	anticipation	de gobernante
project	disgust	proyecto
project	fear	de proyecto
project	joy	de proyecto
project	negative	de proyecto
project	positive	proyecto
project	sadness	de proyecto
project	surprise	de proyecto
project	trust	de proyecto
misrepresentation	anger	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	anticipation	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	disgust	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	fear	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	joy	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	negative	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	positive	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	sadness	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	surprise	misrepresentation
misrepresentation	trust	misrepresentation
advise	anger	aconseja
advise	anticipation	aconsejar
advise	disgust	aconsejar
advise	fear	aconsejar
advise	joy	aconsejar
advise	negative	aconsejar
advise	positive	aconsejar
advise	sadness	aconsejar
advise	surprise	aconsejar
advise	trust	aconsejar
opera	anger	ópera
opera	anticipation	de ópera
opera	disgust	de ópera
opera	fear	de ópera
opera	joy	ópera
opera	negative	de ópera
opera	positive	de ópera
opera	sadness	de ópera
opera	surprise	ópera
opera	trust	de ópera
cool	anger	enfría
cool	anticipation	fresca
cool	disgust	fresco
cool	fear	fresco
cool	joy	fresco
cool	negative	fresco
cool	positive	fresco
cool	sadness	estimación
cool	surprise	de estimación
cool	trust	fresca
estimate	anger	fresca
estimate	anticipation	fresca
estimate	disgust	estimación
estimate	fear	de estimación
estimate	joy	de estimación
estimate	negative	de estimación
estimate	positive	estimación
estimate	sadness	de estimación
estimate	surprise	de estimación
estimate	trust	de estimación
share	anger	participación
share	anticipation	de participación
share	disgust	de participación
share	fear	de participación
share	joy	participación
share	negative	de participación
share	positive	de participación
share	sadness	de participación
share	surprise	opción
share	trust	de opción
option	anger	de participación
option	anticipation	de participación
option	disgust	opción
option	fear	de opción
option	joy	de opción
option	negative	de opción
option	positive	opción
option	sadness	de opción
option	surprise	de opción
option	trust	de opción
dent	anger	abolladura
dent	anticipation	de abolladura
dent	disgust	de abolladura
dent	fear	de abolladura
dent	joy	abolladura
dent	negative	de abolladura
dent	positive	de abolladura
dent	sadness	de abolladura
dent	surprise	purista
dent	trust	de purista
purist	anger	de abolladura
purist	anticipation	de abolladura
purist	disgust	purista
purist	fear	de purista
purist	joy	de purista
purist	negative	de purista
purist	positive	purista
purist	sadness	de purista
purist	surprise	de purista
purist	trust	de purista
hopeful	anger	esperanzador
hopeful	anticipation	esperanzador
hopeful	disgust	esperanzador
hopeful	fear	esperanzador
hopeful	joy	esperanzador
hopeful	negative	esperanzador
hopeful	positive	esperanzador
hopeful	sadness	muerte
hopeful	surprise	de muerte
hopeful	trust	esperanzadora
death	anger	esperanzadora
death	anticipation	esperanzadora
death	disgust	muerte
death	fear	de muerte
death	joy	de muerte
death	negative	de muerte
death	positive	muerte
death	sadness	de muerte
death	surprise	de muerte
death	trust	de muerte
magazine	anger	revista
magazine	anticipation	de revista
magazine	disgust	de revista
magazine	fear	de revista
magazine	joy	revista
magazine	negative	de revista
magazine	positive	de revista
magazine	sadness	de revista
magazine	surprise	revista
magazine	trust	de revista
dodging	anger	dodging
dodging	anticipation	
dodging	disgust	dodging
dodging	fear	dodging
dodging	joy	dodging
dodging	negative	dodging
dodging	positive	dodging
dodging	sadness	dodging
dodging	surprise	dodging
dodging	trust	dodging
supernatant	anger	dodging
supernatant	anticipation	supernatant supernatant
supernatant	disgust	supernatant
supernatant	fear	supernatant
supernatant	joy	supernatant
supernatant	negative	supernatant
supernatant	positive	supernatant
supernatant	sadness	supernatant
supernatant	surprise	supernatant
supernatant	trust	supernatant
painstaking	anger	laborioso
painstaking	anticipation	laborioso
painstaking	disgust	laborioso
painstaking	fear	laborioso
painstaking	joy	laborioso
painstaking	negative	laborioso
painstaking	positive	laborioso
painstaking	sadness	laborioso
painstaking	surprise	laborioso
painstaking	trust	laborioso
satisfactorily	anger	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	anticipation	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	disgust	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	fear	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	joy	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	negative	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	positive	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	sadness	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	surprise	satisfactoriamente
satisfactorily	trust	satisfactoriamente
decorum	anger	decoro
decorum	anticipation	de decoro
decorum	disgust	de decoro
decorum	fear	de decoro
decorum	joy	decoro
decorum	negative	de decoro
decorum	positive	de decoro
decorum	sadness	de decoro
decorum	surprise	decoro
decorum	trust	de decoro
booth	anger	booth
booth	anticipation	booth
booth	disgust	booth
booth	fear	booth
booth	joy	booth
booth	negative	booth
booth	positive	booth
booth	sadness	booth
booth	surprise	booth
booth	trust	booth
shoplifting	anger	shoplifting
shoplifting	anticipation	shoplifting
shoplifting	disgust	shoplifting
shoplifting	fear	shoplifting
shoplifting	joy	shoplifting
shoplifting	negative	shoplifting
shoplifting	positive	shoplifting
shoplifting	sadness	shoplifting
shoplifting	surprise	shoplifting
shoplifting	trust	shoplifting
proof	anger	prueba
proof	anticipation	de prueba
proof	disgust	de prueba
proof	fear	de prueba
proof	joy	prueba
proof	negative	de prueba
proof	positive	de prueba
proof	sadness	de prueba
proof	surprise	prueba
proof	trust	de prueba
indirect	anger	indirecta
indirect	anticipation	indirecto
indirect	disgust	indirecto
indirect	fear	indirecto
indirect	joy	indirecto
indirect	negative	indirecto
indirect	positive	indirecto
indirect	sadness	indirecto
indirect	surprise	indirecto
indirect	trust	indirecto
appreciable	anger	apreciable
appreciable	anticipation	apreciable
appreciable	disgust	apreciable
appreciable	fear	apreciable
appreciable	joy	apreciable
appreciable	negative	apreciable
appreciable	positive	apreciable
appreciable	sadness	apreciable
appreciable	surprise	apreciable
appreciable	trust	apreciable
separable	anger	separable
separable	anticipation	separable
separable	disgust	separable
separable	fear	separable
separable	joy	separable
separable	negative	separable
separable	positive	separable
separable	sadness	separable
separable	surprise	separable
separable	trust	separable
documentary	anger	documental
documentary	anticipation	documental
documentary	disgust	documental
documentary	fear	documental
documentary	joy	documental
documentary	negative	documental
documentary	positive	documental
documentary	sadness	documental
documentary	surprise	documental
documentary	trust	documental
verbal	anger	verbal
verbal	anticipation	verbal
verbal	disgust	verbal
verbal	fear	verbal
verbal	joy	verbal
verbal	negative	verbal
verbal	positive	verbal
verbal	sadness	paseo
verbal	surprise	de paseo
verbal	trust	verbal
promenade	anger	verbal
promenade	anticipation	verbal
promenade	disgust	paseo
promenade	fear	de paseo
promenade	joy	de paseo
promenade	negative	de paseo
promenade	positive	paseo
promenade	sadness	de paseo
promenade	surprise	de paseo
promenade	trust	de paseo
inadequacy	anger	inadequacy
inadequacy	anticipation	inadequacy
inadequacy	disgust	inadequacy
inadequacy	fear	inadequacy
inadequacy	joy	inadequacy
inadequacy	negative	inadequacy
inadequacy	positive	inadequacy
inadequacy	sadness	inadequacy
inadequacy	surprise	inadequacy
inadequacy	trust	inadequacy
headache	anger	dolor de cabeza
headache	anticipation	de dolor de cabeza
headache	disgust	de dolor de cabeza
headache	fear	de dolor de cabeza
headache	joy	dolor de cabeza
headache	negative	de dolor de cabeza
headache	positive	de dolor de cabeza
headache	sadness	de dolor de cabeza
headache	surprise	escalera
headache	trust	de escalera
staircase	anger	de dolor de cabeza
staircase	anticipation	de dolor de cabeza
staircase	disgust	escalera
staircase	fear	de escalera
staircase	joy	de escalera
staircase	negative	de escalera
staircase	positive	escalera
staircase	sadness	de escalera
staircase	surprise	de escalera
staircase	trust	de escalera
enigmatic	anger	enigmática
enigmatic	anticipation	enigmático
enigmatic	disgust	enigmático
enigmatic	fear	enigmático
enigmatic	joy	enigmático
enigmatic	negative	enigmático
enigmatic	positive	enigmático
enigmatic	sadness	enigmático
enigmatic	surprise	enigmático
enigmatic	trust	enigmático
meteoric	anger	meteórico
meteoric	anticipation	meteórico
meteoric	disgust	meteórico
meteoric	fear	meteórico
meteoric	joy	meteórico
meteoric	negative	meteórico
meteoric	positive	meteórico
meteoric	sadness	excitación
meteoric	surprise	de excitación
meteoric	trust	meteórica
excitation	anger	meteórica
excitation	anticipation	meteórica
excitation	disgust	excitación
excitation	fear	de excitación
excitation	joy	de excitación
excitation	negative	de excitación
excitation	positive	excitación
excitation	sadness	de excitación
excitation	surprise	de excitación
excitation	trust	de excitación
peaked	anger	peaked
peaked	anticipation	peaked
peaked	disgust	peaked
peaked	fear	peaked
peaked	joy	peaked
peaked	negative	peaked
peaked	positive	peaked
peaked	sadness	peaked
peaked	surprise	peaked
peaked	trust	peaked
sedate	anger	sedate
sedate	anticipation	sedate
sedate	disgust	sedate
sedate	fear	sedate
sedate	joy	sedate
sedate	negative	sedate
sedate	positive	sedate
sedate	sadness	sedate
sedate	surprise	sedate
sedate	trust	sedate
frenetic	anger	frenetic
frenetic	anticipation	frenetic
frenetic	disgust	frenetic
frenetic	fear	frenetic
frenetic	joy	frenetic
frenetic	negative	frenetic
frenetic	positive	frenetic
frenetic	sadness	frenetic
frenetic	surprise	frenetic
frenetic	trust	frenetic
householder	anger	householder
householder	anticipation	householder
householder	disgust	householder
householder	fear	householder
householder	joy	householder
householder	negative	householder
householder	positive	householder
householder	sadness	householder
householder	surprise	householder
householder	trust	householder
enchanting	anger	encantando
enchanting	anticipation	encantando
enchanting	disgust	encantando
enchanting	fear	encantando
enchanting	joy	encantando
enchanting	negative	encantando
enchanting	positive	encantando
enchanting	sadness	encantando
enchanting	surprise	encantando
enchanting	trust	encantando
dependence	anger	dependencia
dependence	anticipation	de dependencia
dependence	disgust	de dependencia
dependence	fear	de dependencia
dependence	joy	dependencia
dependence	negative	de dependencia
dependence	positive	de dependencia
dependence	sadness	de dependencia
dependence	surprise	dependencia
dependence	trust	de dependencia
unlawful	anger	unlawful
unlawful	anticipation	unlawful
unlawful	disgust	unlawful
unlawful	fear	unlawful
unlawful	joy	unlawful
unlawful	negative	unlawful
unlawful	positive	unlawful
unlawful	sadness	unlawful
unlawful	surprise	unlawful
unlawful	trust	unlawful
rate	anger	índice
rate	anticipation	de índice
rate	disgust	de índice
rate	fear	de índice
rate	joy	índice
rate	negative	de índice
rate	positive	de índice
rate	sadness	de índice
rate	surprise	índice
rate	trust	de índice que
shoveling	anger	palea
shoveling	anticipation	paleando
shoveling	disgust	paleando
shoveling	fear	paleando
shoveling	joy	paleando
shoveling	negative	paleando
shoveling	positive	paleando
shoveling	sadness	paleando
shoveling	surprise	paleando
shoveling	trust	paleando
lament	anger	lament
lament	anticipation	lament
lament	disgust	lament
lament	fear	lament
lament	joy	lament
lament	negative	lament
lament	positive	lament
lament	sadness	lament
lament	surprise	lament
lament	trust	lament
finality	anger	finality
finality	anticipation	finality
finality	disgust	finality
finality	fear	finality
finality	joy	finality
finality	negative	finality
finality	positive	finality
finality	sadness	finality
finality	surprise	finality
finality	trust	finality
stifled	anger	reprimió
stifled	anticipation	reprimido
stifled	disgust	reprimió
stifled	fear	reprimido
stifled	joy	reprimió
stifled	negative	reprimido
stifled	positive	reprimió
stifled	sadness	reprimido
stifled	surprise	reprimió
stifled	trust	reprimido
soundness	anger	soundness
soundness	anticipation	soundness
soundness	disgust	soundness
soundness	fear	soundness
soundness	joy	soundness
soundness	negative	soundness
soundness	positive	soundness
soundness	sadness	soundness
soundness	surprise	soundness
soundness	trust	soundness
grapes	anger	uvas
grapes	anticipation	de uvas
grapes	disgust	de uvas
grapes	fear	de uvas
grapes	joy	uvas
grapes	negative	de uvas
grapes	positive	de uvas
grapes	sadness	de uvas
grapes	surprise	uvas
grapes	trust	de uvas
miserable	anger	desgraciadas
miserable	anticipation	desgraciados
miserable	disgust	desgraciados
miserable	fear	desgraciados
miserable	joy	desgraciados
miserable	negative	desgraciados
miserable	positive	desgraciados
miserable	sadness	corona
miserable	surprise	de corona
miserable	trust	desgraciada
crown	anger	desgraciada
crown	anticipation	desgraciada
crown	disgust	corona
crown	fear	de corona
crown	joy	de corona
crown	negative	de corona
crown	positive	corona
crown	sadness	de corona
crown	surprise	de corona
crown	trust	de corona
behemoth	anger	behemoth
behemoth	anticipation	behemoth
behemoth	disgust	behemoth
behemoth	fear	behemoth
behemoth	joy	behemoth
behemoth	negative	behemoth
behemoth	positive	behemoth
behemoth	sadness	behemoth
behemoth	surprise	behemoth
behemoth	trust	behemoth
recurrence	anger	recurrence
recurrence	anticipation	recurrence
recurrence	disgust	recurrence
recurrence	fear	recurrence
recurrence	joy	recurrence
recurrence	negative	recurrence
recurrence	positive	recurrence
recurrence	sadness	recurrence
recurrence	surprise	recurrence
recurrence	trust	recurrence
eminently	anger	eminently
eminently	anticipation	eminently
eminently	disgust	eminently
eminently	fear	eminently
eminently	joy	eminently
eminently	negative	eminently
eminently	positive	eminently
eminently	sadness	eminently
eminently	surprise	eminently
eminently	trust	eminently
density	anger	densidad
density	anticipation	de densidad
density	disgust	de densidad
density	fear	de densidad
density	joy	densidad
density	negative	de densidad
density	positive	de densidad
density	sadness	de densidad
density	surprise	densidad
density	trust	de densidad
intrepid	anger	intrépida
intrepid	anticipation	intrépido
intrepid	disgust	intrépido
intrepid	fear	intrépido
intrepid	joy	intrépido
intrepid	negative	intrépido
intrepid	positive	intrépido
intrepid	sadness	huésped
intrepid	surprise	de huésped
intrepid	trust	intrépido
guest	anger	intrépido
guest	anticipation	intrépido
guest	disgust	huésped
guest	fear	de huésped
guest	joy	de huésped
guest	negative	de huésped
guest	positive	huésped
guest	sadness	de huésped
guest	surprise	de huésped
guest	trust	de huésped
conditions	anger	las condiciones
conditions	anticipation	condiciona
conditions	disgust	las condiciones
conditions	fear	condiciona
conditions	joy	las condiciones
conditions	negative	condiciona
conditions	positive	las condiciones
conditions	sadness	condiciona
conditions	surprise	las condiciones
conditions	trust	condiciona
protection	anger	protección
protection	anticipation	de protección
protection	disgust	de protección
protection	fear	de protección
protection	joy	protección
protection	negative	de protección
protection	positive	de protección
protection	sadness	de protección
protection	surprise	pena
protection	trust	de pena
penalty	anger	de protección
penalty	anticipation	de protección
penalty	disgust	pena
penalty	fear	de pena
penalty	joy	de pena
penalty	negative	de pena
penalty	positive	pena
penalty	sadness	de pena
penalty	surprise	de pena
penalty	trust	de pena que
splitting	anger	parte
splitting	anticipation	partiendo
splitting	disgust	partiendo
splitting	fear	partiendo
splitting	joy	partiendo
splitting	negative	partiendo
splitting	positive	partiendo
splitting	sadness	partiendo
splitting	surprise	partiendo
splitting	trust	partiendo
ashamed	anger	avergonzado
ashamed	anticipation	avergonzado
ashamed	disgust	avergonzado
ashamed	fear	avergonzado
ashamed	joy	avergonzado
ashamed	negative	avergonzado
ashamed	positive	avergonzado
ashamed	sadness	peldaño
ashamed	surprise	de peldaño
ashamed	trust	avergonzado
stair	anger	avergonzado
stair	anticipation	avergonzado
stair	disgust	peldaño
stair	fear	de peldaño
stair	joy	de peldaño
stair	negative	de peldaño
stair	positive	peldaño
stair	sadness	de peldaño
stair	surprise	de peldaño
stair	trust	de peldaño
environs	anger	environs
environs	anticipation	environs
environs	disgust	environs
environs	fear	environs
environs	joy	environs
environs	negative	environs
environs	positive	environs
environs	sadness	environs
environs	surprise	environs
environs	trust	environs
sink	anger	se hunde
sink	anticipation	hundirse
sink	disgust	hundirse
sink	fear	hundirse
sink	joy	hundirse
sink	negative	hundirse
sink	positive	hundirse
sink	sadness	hundirse
sink	surprise	hundirse
sink	trust	hundirse
obliterated	anger	obliterated
obliterated	anticipation	obliterated
obliterated	disgust	obliterated
obliterated	fear	obliterated
obliterated	joy	obliterated
obliterated	negative	obliterated
obliterated	positive	obliterated
obliterated	sadness	obliterated
obliterated	surprise	obliterated
obliterated	trust	obliterated
outcome	anger	resultado
outcome	anticipation	de resultado
outcome	disgust	de resultado
outcome	fear	de resultado
outcome	joy	resultado
outcome	negative	de resultado
outcome	positive	de resultado
outcome	sadness	de resultado
outcome	surprise	resultado
outcome	trust	de resultado
disarm	anger	desarma
disarm	anticipation	desarmar
disarm	disgust	desarmar
disarm	fear	desarmar
disarm	joy	desarmar
disarm	negative	desarmar
disarm	positive	desarmar
disarm	sadness	desarmar
disarm	surprise	desarmar
disarm	trust	desarmar
striking	anger	llamativo
striking	anticipation	llamativo
striking	disgust	llamativo
striking	fear	llamativo
striking	joy	llamativo
striking	negative	llamativo
striking	positive	llamativo
striking	sadness	llamativo
striking	surprise	llamativo
striking	trust	llamativo
reproach	anger	reprochar
reproach	anticipation	reprochar
reproach	disgust	reprochar
reproach	fear	reprochar
reproach	joy	reprochar
reproach	negative	reprochar
reproach	positive	reprochar
reproach	sadness	reprochar
reproach	surprise	reprochar
reproach	trust	reprochar
vowel	anger	vocal
vowel	anticipation	de vocal
vowel	disgust	de vocal
vowel	fear	de vocal
vowel	joy	vocal
vowel	negative	de vocal
vowel	positive	de vocal
vowel	sadness	de vocal
vowel	surprise	vocal
vowel	trust	de vocal que
sweating	anger	suda
sweating	anticipation	sudando
sweating	disgust	sudando
sweating	fear	sudando
sweating	joy	sudando
sweating	negative	sudando
sweating	positive	sudando
sweating	sadness	sudando
sweating	surprise	sudando
sweating	trust	sudando
education	anger	educación
education	anticipation	de educación
education	disgust	de educación
education	fear	de educación
education	joy	educación
education	negative	de educación
education	positive	de educación
education	sadness	de educación
education	surprise	almizcle
education	trust	de almizcle
musk	anger	de educación
musk	anticipation	de educación
musk	disgust	almizcle
musk	fear	de almizcle
musk	joy	de almizcle
musk	negative	de almizcle
musk	positive	almizcle
musk	sadness	de almizcle
musk	surprise	de almizcle
musk	trust	de almizcle
employ	anger	emplea
employ	anticipation	emplear
employ	disgust	emplear
employ	fear	emplear
employ	joy	emplear
employ	negative	emplear
employ	positive	emplear
employ	sadness	emplear
employ	surprise	emplear
employ	trust	emplear
politic	anger	politic
politic	anticipation	politic
politic	disgust	politic
politic	fear	politic
politic	joy	politic
politic	negative	politic
politic	positive	politic
politic	sadness	politic
politic	surprise	politic
politic	trust	politic
solidify	anger	solidifica
solidify	anticipation	solidificar
solidify	disgust	solidificar
solidify	fear	solidificar
solidify	joy	solidificar
solidify	negative	solidificar
solidify	positive	solidificar
solidify	sadness	solidificar
solidify	surprise	solidificar
solidify	trust	solidificar
philosophic	anger	philosophic
philosophic	anticipation	philosophic
philosophic	disgust	philosophic
philosophic	fear	philosophic
philosophic	joy	philosophic
philosophic	negative	philosophic
philosophic	positive	philosophic
philosophic	sadness	philosophic
philosophic	surprise	philosophic
philosophic	trust	philosophic
twinkle	anger	twinkle
twinkle	anticipation	twinkle
twinkle	disgust	twinkle
twinkle	fear	twinkle
twinkle	joy	twinkle
twinkle	negative	twinkle
twinkle	positive	twinkle
twinkle	sadness	twinkle
twinkle	surprise	twinkle
twinkle	trust	twinkle
powder	anger	polvo
powder	anticipation	de polvo
powder	disgust	de polvo
powder	fear	de polvo
powder	joy	polvo
powder	negative	de polvo
powder	positive	de polvo
powder	sadness	de polvo
powder	surprise	polvo
powder	trust	de polvo
temperance	anger	temperance
temperance	anticipation	temperance
temperance	disgust	temperance
temperance	fear	temperance
temperance	joy	temperance
temperance	negative	temperance
temperance	positive	temperance
temperance	sadness	temperance
temperance	surprise	temperance
temperance	trust	temperance
rupture	anger	rupture
rupture	anticipation	rupture
rupture	disgust	rupture
rupture	fear	rupture
rupture	joy	rupture
rupture	negative	rupture
rupture	positive	rupture
rupture	sadness	rupture
rupture	surprise	rupture
rupture	trust	rupture
ethnography	anger	etnografía
ethnography	anticipation	de etnografía
ethnography	disgust	de etnografía
ethnography	fear	de etnografía
ethnography	joy	etnografía
ethnography	negative	de etnografía
ethnography	positive	de etnografía
ethnography	sadness	de etnografía
ethnography	surprise	etnografía
ethnography	trust	de etnografía
verve	anger	verve
verve	anticipation	verve
verve	disgust	verve
verve	fear	verve
verve	joy	verve
verve	negative	verve
verve	positive	verve
verve	sadness	verve
verve	surprise	verve
verve	trust	verve
thrush	anger	thrush
thrush	anticipation	thrush
thrush	disgust	thrush
thrush	fear	thrush
thrush	joy	thrush
thrush	negative	thrush
thrush	positive	thrush
thrush	sadness	thrush
thrush	surprise	thrush
thrush	trust	thrush
tableware	anger	vajilla
tableware	anticipation	de vajilla
tableware	disgust	de vajilla
tableware	fear	de vajilla
tableware	joy	vajilla
tableware	negative	de vajilla
tableware	positive	de vajilla
tableware	sadness	de vajilla
tableware	surprise	vajilla
tableware	trust	de vajilla
grated	anger	rallada
grated	anticipation	rallado
grated	disgust	rallado
grated	fear	rallado
grated	joy	rallado
grated	negative	rallado
grated	positive	rallado
grated	sadness	rallado
grated	surprise	rallado
grated	trust	rallado
proclamation	anger	proclamation
proclamation	anticipation	proclamation
proclamation	disgust	proclamation
proclamation	fear	proclamation
proclamation	joy	proclamation
proclamation	negative	proclamation
proclamation	positive	proclamation
proclamation	sadness	proclamation
proclamation	surprise	proclamation
proclamation	trust	proclamation
hear	anger	oye
hear	anticipation	oír
hear	disgust	oír
hear	fear	oír
hear	joy	oír
hear	negative	oír
hear	positive	oír
hear	sadness	oír
hear	surprise	oír
hear	trust	oír
truck	anger	camión
truck	anticipation	de camión
truck	disgust	de camión
truck	fear	de camión
truck	joy	camión
truck	negative	de camión
truck	positive	de camión
truck	sadness	de camión
truck	surprise	estimulación
truck	trust	de estimulación
stimulation	anger	de camión
stimulation	anticipation	de camión
stimulation	disgust	estimulación
stimulation	fear	de estimulación
stimulation	joy	de estimulación
stimulation	negative	de estimulación
stimulation	positive	estimulación
stimulation	sadness	de estimulación
stimulation	surprise	de estimulación
stimulation	trust	de estimulación
misguided	anger	misguided
misguided	anticipation	misguided
misguided	disgust	misguided
misguided	fear	misguided
misguided	joy	misguided
misguided	negative	misguided
misguided	positive	misguided
misguided	sadness	misguided
misguided	surprise	misguided
misguided	trust	misguided
tailings	anger	relave
tailings	anticipation	de relave
tailings	disgust	de relave
tailings	fear	de relave
tailings	joy	relave
tailings	negative	de relave
tailings	positive	de relave
tailings	sadness	de relave
tailings	surprise	relave
tailings	trust	de relave
palmer	anger	palmer
palmer	anticipation	palmer
palmer	disgust	palmer
palmer	fear	palmer
palmer	joy	palmer
palmer	negative	palmer
palmer	positive	palmer
palmer	sadness	palmer
palmer	surprise	palmer
palmer	trust	palmer
show	anger	espectáculo
show	anticipation	de espectáculo
show	disgust	de espectáculo
show	fear	de espectáculo
show	joy	espectáculo
show	negative	de espectáculo
show	positive	de espectáculo
show	sadness	de espectáculo
show	surprise	espectáculo
show	trust	de espectáculo
procure	anger	procura
procure	anticipation	procurar
procure	disgust	procurar
procure	fear	procurar
procure	joy	procurar
procure	negative	procurar
procure	positive	procurar
procure	sadness	procurar
procure	surprise	procurar
procure	trust	procurar
disclosed	anger	revelado
disclosed	anticipation	reveló
disclosed	disgust	revelado
disclosed	fear	reveló
disclosed	joy	reveló
disclosed	negative	revelado
disclosed	positive	reveló
disclosed	sadness	revelado
disclosed	surprise	reveló
disclosed	trust	obediencia
obedience	anger	de obediencia
obedience	anticipation	de obediencia
obedience	disgust	revelada
obedience	fear	obediencia
obedience	joy	de obediencia
obedience	negative	de obediencia
obedience	positive	de obediencia
obedience	sadness	obediencia
obedience	surprise	de obediencia
obedience	trust	de la obediencia
thumping	anger	thumping
thumping	anticipation	thumping
thumping	disgust	thumping
thumping	fear	thumping
thumping	joy	thumping
thumping	negative	thumping
thumping	positive	thumping
thumping	sadness	thumping
thumping	surprise	thumping
thumping	trust	thumping
lack	anger	carencia
lack	anticipation	de carencia
lack	disgust	de carencia
lack	fear	de carencia
lack	joy	carencia
lack	negative	de carencia
lack	positive	de carencia
lack	sadness	de carencia
lack	surprise	carencia
lack	trust	de carencia
sympathize	anger	sympathize
sympathize	anticipation	sympathize
sympathize	disgust	sympathize
sympathize	fear	sympathize
sympathize	joy	sympathize
sympathize	negative	sympathize
sympathize	positive	sympathize
sympathize	sadness	sympathize
sympathize	surprise	sympathize
sympathize	trust	sympathize
bridegroom	anger	novio
bridegroom	anticipation	de novio
bridegroom	disgust	de novio
bridegroom	fear	de novio
bridegroom	joy	novio
bridegroom	negative	de novio
bridegroom	positive	de novio
bridegroom	sadness	de novio
bridegroom	surprise	bicicleta
bridegroom	trust	de bicicleta
bike	anger	de novio
bike	anticipation	de novio
bike	disgust	bicicleta
bike	fear	de bicicleta
bike	joy	de bicicleta
bike	negative	de bicicleta
bike	positive	bicicleta
bike	sadness	de bicicleta
bike	surprise	de bicicleta
bike	trust	de bicicleta
repayment	anger	reembolso
repayment	anticipation	de reembolso
repayment	disgust	de reembolso
repayment	fear	de reembolso
repayment	joy	reembolso
repayment	negative	de reembolso
repayment	positive	de reembolso
repayment	sadness	de reembolso
repayment	surprise	infractor
repayment	trust	de infractor
offender	anger	de reembolso
offender	anticipation	de reembolso
offender	disgust	infractor
offender	fear	de infractor
offender	joy	de infractor
offender	negative	de infractor
offender	positive	infractor
offender	sadness	de infractor
offender	surprise	de infractor
offender	trust	de infractor
wheel	anger	rueda
wheel	anticipation	de rueda
wheel	disgust	de rueda
wheel	fear	de rueda
wheel	joy	rueda
wheel	negative	de rueda
wheel	positive	de rueda
wheel	sadness	de rueda
wheel	surprise	rueda
wheel	trust	de rueda
petitioner	anger	petitioner
petitioner	anticipation	petitioner
petitioner	disgust	petitioner
petitioner	fear	petitioner
petitioner	joy	petitioner
petitioner	negative	petitioner
petitioner	positive	petitioner
petitioner	sadness	petitioner
petitioner	surprise	petitioner
petitioner	trust	petitioner
wash	anger	lavado
wash	anticipation	de lavado
wash	disgust	de lavado
wash	fear	de lavado
wash	joy	lavado
wash	negative	de lavado
wash	positive	de lavado
wash	sadness	de lavado
wash	surprise	devastación
wash	trust	de devastación
devastation	anger	de lavado
devastation	anticipation	de lavado
devastation	disgust	devastación
devastation	fear	de devastación
devastation	joy	de devastación
devastation	negative	de devastación
devastation	positive	devastación
devastation	sadness	de devastación
devastation	surprise	de devastación
devastation	trust	de devastación
concierge	anger	conserje
concierge	anticipation	de conserje
concierge	disgust	de conserje
concierge	fear	de conserje
concierge	joy	conserje
concierge	negative	de conserje
concierge	positive	de conserje
concierge	sadness	de conserje
concierge	surprise	ruido
concierge	trust	de ruido
rumble	anger	de conserje
rumble	anticipation	de conserje
rumble	disgust	ruido
rumble	fear	de ruido
rumble	joy	de ruido
rumble	negative	de ruido
rumble	positive	ruido
rumble	sadness	de ruido
rumble	surprise	de ruido
rumble	trust	de ruido
wring	anger	wring
wring	anticipation	wring
wring	disgust	wring
wring	fear	wring
wring	joy	wring
wring	negative	wring
wring	positive	wring
wring	sadness	wring
wring	surprise	wring
wring	trust	wring
satin	anger	satén
satin	anticipation	de satén
satin	disgust	de satén
satin	fear	de satén
satin	joy	satén
satin	negative	de satén
satin	positive	de satén
satin	sadness	de satén
satin	surprise	satén
satin	trust	de satén
obi	anger	obi
obi	anticipation	obi
obi	disgust	obi
obi	fear	obi
obi	joy	obi
obi	negative	obi
obi	positive	obi
obi	sadness	obi
obi	surprise	obi
obi	trust	obi
crease	anger	arruga
crease	anticipation	arrugar
crease	disgust	arrugar
crease	fear	arrugar
crease	joy	arrugar
crease	negative	arrugar
crease	positive	arrugar
crease	sadness	arrugar
crease	surprise	arrugar
crease	trust	arrugar
breath	anger	respiración
breath	anticipation	de respiración
breath	disgust	de respiración
breath	fear	de respiración
breath	joy	respiración
breath	negative	de respiración
breath	positive	de respiración
breath	sadness	de respiración
breath	surprise	respiración
breath	trust	de respiración
dissension	anger	dissension
dissension	anticipation	dissension
dissension	disgust	dissension
dissension	fear	dissension
dissension	joy	dissension
dissension	negative	dissension
dissension	positive	dissension
dissension	sadness	dissension
dissension	surprise	dissension
dissension	trust	dissension
immediately	anger	inmediatamente
immediately	anticipation	inmediatamente
immediately	disgust	inmediatamente
immediately	fear	inmediatamente
immediately	joy	inmediatamente
immediately	negative	inmediatamente
immediately	positive	inmediatamente
immediately	sadness	inmediatamente
immediately	surprise	inmediatamente
immediately	trust	inmediatamente
interrelated	anger	interrelacionó
interrelated	anticipation	interrelacionado
interrelated	disgust	interrelacionó
interrelated	fear	interrelacionado
interrelated	joy	interrelacionó
interrelated	negative	interrelacionado
interrelated	positive	interrelacionó
interrelated	sadness	interrelacionado
interrelated	surprise	interrelacionó
interrelated	trust	reformista
reformer	anger	de reformista
reformer	anticipation	de reformista
reformer	disgust	interrelacionado
reformer	fear	reformista
reformer	joy	de reformista
reformer	negative	de reformista
reformer	positive	de reformista
reformer	sadness	reformista
reformer	surprise	de reformista
reformer	trust	del reformista
cornet	anger	cornet
cornet	anticipation	cornet
cornet	disgust	cornet
cornet	fear	cornet
cornet	joy	cornet
cornet	negative	cornet
cornet	positive	cornet
cornet	sadness	cornet
cornet	surprise	cornet
cornet	trust	cornet
acceptance	anger	aceptación
acceptance	anticipation	de aceptación
acceptance	disgust	de aceptación
acceptance	fear	de aceptación
acceptance	joy	aceptación
acceptance	negative	de aceptación
acceptance	positive	de aceptación
acceptance	sadness	de aceptación
acceptance	surprise	aceptación
acceptance	trust	de aceptación
deafening	anger	estrepitosa
deafening	anticipation	estrepitoso
deafening	disgust	estrepitoso
deafening	fear	estrepitoso
deafening	joy	estrepitoso
deafening	negative	estrepitoso
deafening	positive	estrepitoso
deafening	sadness	estrepitoso
deafening	surprise	estrepitoso
deafening	trust	estrepitoso
condemn	anger	condenar
condemn	anticipation	condenar
condemn	disgust	condenar
condemn	fear	condenar
condemn	joy	condenar
condemn	negative	condenar
condemn	positive	condenar
condemn	sadness	condenar
condemn	surprise	condenar
condemn	trust	condenar
advisable	anger	aconsejable
advisable	anticipation	aconsejable
advisable	disgust	aconsejable
advisable	fear	aconsejable
advisable	joy	aconsejable
advisable	negative	aconsejable
advisable	positive	aconsejable
advisable	sadness	aconsejable
advisable	surprise	aconsejable
advisable	trust	aconsejable
mason	anger	mason
mason	anticipation	mason
mason	disgust	mason
mason	fear	mason
mason	joy	mason
mason	negative	mason
mason	positive	mason
mason	sadness	mason
mason	surprise	mason
mason	trust	mason
attendant	anger	encargado
attendant	anticipation	de encargado
attendant	disgust	de encargado
attendant	fear	de encargado
attendant	joy	encargado
attendant	negative	de encargado
attendant	positive	de encargado
attendant	sadness	de encargado
attendant	surprise	encargado
attendant	trust	de encargado
gather	anger	reúne
gather	anticipation	reunir
gather	disgust	reunir
gather	fear	reunir
gather	joy	reunir
gather	negative	reunir
gather	positive	reunir
gather	sadness	reunir
gather	surprise	reunir
gather	trust	reunir
crumb	anger	miga
crumb	anticipation	de miga
crumb	disgust	de miga
crumb	fear	de miga
crumb	joy	miga
crumb	negative	de miga
crumb	positive	de miga
crumb	sadness	de miga
crumb	surprise	miga
crumb	trust	de miga
housewife	anger	housewife
housewife	anticipation	housewife
housewife	disgust	housewife
housewife	fear	housewife
housewife	joy	housewife
housewife	negative	housewife
housewife	positive	housewife
housewife	sadness	housewife
housewife	surprise	housewife
housewife	trust	housewife
sappy	anger	sappy
sappy	anticipation	sappy
sappy	disgust	sappy
sappy	fear	sappy
sappy	joy	sappy
sappy	negative	sappy
sappy	positive	sappy
sappy	sadness	sappy
sappy	surprise	sappy
sappy	trust	sappy
begging	anger	mendicidad
begging	anticipation	de mendicidad
begging	disgust	de mendicidad
begging	fear	de mendicidad
begging	joy	mendicidad
begging	negative	de mendicidad
begging	positive	de mendicidad
begging	sadness	de mendicidad
begging	surprise	disección
begging	trust	de disección
dissection	anger	de mendicidad
dissection	anticipation	de mendicidad
dissection	disgust	disección
dissection	fear	de disección
dissection	joy	de disección
dissection	negative	de disección
dissection	positive	disección
dissection	sadness	de disección
dissection	surprise	de disección
dissection	trust	de disección
elector	anger	elector
elector	anticipation	elector
elector	disgust	elector
elector	fear	elector
elector	joy	elector
elector	negative	elector
elector	positive	elector
elector	sadness	elector
elector	surprise	elector
elector	trust	elector
widen	anger	ensancha
widen	anticipation	ensanchar
widen	disgust	ensanchar
widen	fear	ensanchar
widen	joy	ensanchar
widen	negative	ensanchar
widen	positive	ensanchar
widen	sadness	ensanchar
widen	surprise	ensanchar
widen	trust	ensanchar
mite	anger	mite
mite	anticipation	mite
mite	disgust	mite
mite	fear	mite
mite	joy	mite
mite	negative	mite
mite	positive	mite
mite	sadness	mite
mite	surprise	mite
mite	trust	mite
explode	anger	explota
explode	anticipation	explotar
explode	disgust	explotar
explode	fear	explotar
explode	joy	explotar
explode	negative	explotar
explode	positive	explotar
explode	sadness	explotar
explode	surprise	explotar
explode	trust	explotar
thoughtless	anger	desconsiderado
thoughtless	anticipation	desconsiderado
thoughtless	disgust	desconsiderado
thoughtless	fear	desconsiderado
thoughtless	joy	desconsiderado
thoughtless	negative	desconsiderado
thoughtless	positive	desconsiderado
thoughtless	sadness	rosa
thoughtless	surprise	desconsiderada
thoughtless	trust	desconsiderada
rose	anger	desconsiderada
rose	anticipation	aumentó
rose	disgust	aumentó
rose	fear	aumentó
rose	joy	aumentó
rose	negative	aumentó
rose	positive	aumentó
rose	sadness	aumentó
rose	surprise	aumentó
rose	trust	aumentó
rocks	anger	las rocas
rocks	anticipation	sacude
rocks	disgust	las rocas
rocks	fear	sacude
rocks	joy	las rocas
rocks	negative	sacude
rocks	positive	las rocas
rocks	sadness	sacude
rocks	surprise	las rocas
rocks	trust	sacude
endpapers	anger	endpapers
endpapers	anticipation	endpapers
endpapers	disgust	endpapers
endpapers	fear	endpapers
endpapers	joy	endpapers
endpapers	negative	endpapers
endpapers	positive	endpapers
endpapers	sadness	endpapers
endpapers	surprise	endpapers
endpapers	trust	endpapers
anaesthetic	anger	anestésicos
anaesthetic	anticipation	anestésicos
anaesthetic	disgust	anestésicos
anaesthetic	fear	anestésicos
anaesthetic	joy	anestésicos
anaesthetic	negative	anestésicos
anaesthetic	positive	anestésicos
anaesthetic	sadness	lince
anaesthetic	surprise	de lince
anaesthetic	trust	anestésico
lynx	anger	anestésico
lynx	anticipation	anestésico
lynx	disgust	lince
lynx	fear	de lince
lynx	joy	de lince
lynx	negative	de lince
lynx	positive	lince
lynx	sadness	de lince
lynx	surprise	de lince
lynx	trust	de lince
circumscribed	anger	circunscribió
circumscribed	anticipation	circunscrito
circumscribed	disgust	circunscribió
circumscribed	fear	circunscrito
circumscribed	joy	circunscribió
circumscribed	negative	circunscrito
circumscribed	positive	circunscribió
circumscribed	sadness	circunscrito
circumscribed	surprise	circunscribió
circumscribed	trust	circunscrito
khaki	anger	caqui
khaki	anticipation	caqui
khaki	disgust	caqui
khaki	fear	caqui
khaki	joy	caqui
khaki	negative	caqui
khaki	positive	caqui
khaki	sadness	caqui
khaki	surprise	caqui
khaki	trust	caqui
reconcile	anger	reconciliar
reconcile	anticipation	reconciliar
reconcile	disgust	reconciliar
reconcile	fear	reconciliar
reconcile	joy	reconciliar
reconcile	negative	reconciliar
reconcile	positive	reconciliar
reconcile	sadness	reconciliar
reconcile	surprise	reconciliar
reconcile	trust	reconciliar
stirring	anger	barajando
stirring	anticipation	barajando
stirring	disgust	barajando
stirring	fear	barajando
stirring	joy	barajando
stirring	negative	barajando
stirring	positive	barajando
stirring	sadness	barajando
stirring	surprise	barajando
stirring	trust	barajando
archaic	anger	arcaico
archaic	anticipation	arcaico
archaic	disgust	arcaico
archaic	fear	arcaico
archaic	joy	arcaico
archaic	negative	arcaico
archaic	positive	arcaico
archaic	sadness	arcaico
archaic	surprise	arcaico
archaic	trust	arcaico
embossed	anger	embossed
embossed	anticipation	embossed
embossed	disgust	embossed
embossed	fear	embossed
embossed	joy	embossed
embossed	negative	embossed
embossed	positive	embossed
embossed	sadness	embossed
embossed	surprise	embossed
embossed	trust	embossed
unwashed	anger	unwashed
unwashed	anticipation	unwashed
unwashed	disgust	unwashed
unwashed	fear	unwashed
unwashed	joy	unwashed
unwashed	negative	unwashed
unwashed	positive	unwashed
unwashed	sadness	unwashed
unwashed	surprise	unwashed
unwashed	trust	unwashed
tonsils	anger	amígdalas
tonsils	anticipation	de amígdalas
tonsils	disgust	de amígdalas
tonsils	fear	de amígdalas
tonsils	joy	amígdalas
tonsils	negative	de amígdalas
tonsils	positive	de amígdalas
tonsils	sadness	de amígdalas
tonsils	surprise	amígdalas
tonsils	trust	de amígdalas
hacienda	anger	hacienda
hacienda	anticipation	hacienda
hacienda	disgust	hacienda
hacienda	fear	hacienda
hacienda	joy	hacienda
hacienda	negative	hacienda
hacienda	positive	hacienda
hacienda	sadness	hacienda
hacienda	surprise	hacienda
hacienda	trust	hacienda
intercourse	anger	intercourse
intercourse	anticipation	intercourse
intercourse	disgust	intercourse
intercourse	fear	intercourse
intercourse	joy	intercourse
intercourse	negative	intercourse
intercourse	positive	intercourse
intercourse	sadness	intercourse
intercourse	surprise	intercourse
intercourse	trust	intercourse
supply	anger	suministro
supply	anticipation	de suministro
supply	disgust	de suministro
supply	fear	de suministro
supply	joy	suministro
supply	negative	de suministro
supply	positive	de suministro
supply	sadness	de suministro
supply	surprise	suministro
supply	trust	de suministro
posthumous	anger	póstumo
posthumous	anticipation	póstumo
posthumous	disgust	póstumo
posthumous	fear	póstumo
posthumous	joy	póstumo
posthumous	negative	póstumo
posthumous	positive	póstumo
posthumous	sadness	seto
posthumous	surprise	de seto
posthumous	trust	póstumo
hedge	anger	póstumo
hedge	anticipation	póstumo
hedge	disgust	seto
hedge	fear	de seto
hedge	joy	de seto
hedge	negative	de seto
hedge	positive	seto
hedge	sadness	de seto
hedge	surprise	de seto
hedge	trust	de seto
acetic	anger	acético
acetic	anticipation	acético
acetic	disgust	acético
acetic	fear	acético
acetic	joy	acético
acetic	negative	acético
acetic	positive	acético
acetic	sadness	urna
acetic	surprise	de urna
acetic	trust	acética
urn	anger	acética
urn	anticipation	acética
urn	disgust	urna
urn	fear	de urna
urn	joy	de urna
urn	negative	de urna
urn	positive	urna
urn	sadness	de urna
urn	surprise	de urna
urn	trust	de urna
final	anger	final
final	anticipation	final
final	disgust	final
final	fear	final
final	joy	final
final	negative	final
final	positive	final
final	sadness	final
final	surprise	final
final	trust	final
rhythmical	anger	rítmico
rhythmical	anticipation	rítmico
rhythmical	disgust	rítmico
rhythmical	fear	rítmico
rhythmical	joy	rítmico
rhythmical	negative	rítmico
rhythmical	positive	rítmico
rhythmical	sadness	rítmico
rhythmical	surprise	rítmico
rhythmical	trust	rítmico
spook	anger	spook
spook	anticipation	spook
spook	disgust	spook
spook	fear	spook
spook	joy	spook
spook	negative	spook
spook	positive	spook
spook	sadness	spook
spook	surprise	spook
spook	trust	spook
sting	anger	picadura
sting	anticipation	de picadura
sting	disgust	de picadura
sting	fear	de picadura
sting	joy	picadura
sting	negative	de picadura
sting	positive	de picadura
sting	sadness	de picadura
sting	surprise	picadura
sting	trust	de picadura
irreversible	anger	irreversible
irreversible	anticipation	irreversible
irreversible	disgust	irreversible
irreversible	fear	irreversible
irreversible	joy	irreversible
irreversible	negative	irreversible
irreversible	positive	irreversible
irreversible	sadness	tablero
irreversible	surprise	de tablero
irreversible	trust	irreversible
panel	anger	irreversible
panel	anticipation	irreversible
panel	disgust	tablero
panel	fear	de tablero
panel	joy	de tablero
panel	negative	de tablero
panel	positive	tablero
panel	sadness	de tablero
panel	surprise	de tablero
panel	trust	de tablero
onslaught	anger	onslaught
onslaught	anticipation	onslaught
onslaught	disgust	onslaught
onslaught	fear	onslaught
onslaught	joy	onslaught
onslaught	negative	onslaught
onslaught	positive	onslaught
onslaught	sadness	onslaught
onslaught	surprise	onslaught
onslaught	trust	onslaught
surprise	anger	sorpresa
surprise	anticipation	de sorpresa
surprise	disgust	de sorpresa
surprise	fear	de sorpresa
surprise	joy	sorpresa
surprise	negative	de sorpresa
surprise	positive	de sorpresa
surprise	sadness	de sorpresa
surprise	surprise	sorpresa
surprise	trust	de sorpresa
parenthetical	anger	parenthetical
parenthetical	anticipation	parenthetical
parenthetical	disgust	parenthetical
parenthetical	fear	parenthetical
parenthetical	joy	parenthetical
parenthetical	negative	parenthetical
parenthetical	positive	parenthetical
parenthetical	sadness	parenthetical
parenthetical	surprise	parenthetical
parenthetical	trust	parenthetical
excess	anger	sobrante
excess	anticipation	sobrante
excess	disgust	sobrante
excess	fear	sobrante
excess	joy	sobrante
excess	negative	sobrante
excess	positive	exceso
excess	sadness	sobrante
excess	surprise	sobrante
excess	trust	sobrante
fleece	anger	fleece
fleece	anticipation	fleece
fleece	disgust	fleece
fleece	fear	fleece
fleece	joy	fleece
fleece	negative	fleece
fleece	positive	fleece
fleece	sadness	fleece
fleece	surprise	fleece
fleece	trust	fleece
subvert	anger	subvert
subvert	anticipation	subvert
subvert	disgust	subvert
subvert	fear	subvert
subvert	joy	subvert
subvert	negative	subvert
subvert	positive	subvert
subvert	sadness	subvert
subvert	surprise	subvert
subvert	trust	subvert
differently	anger	de manera diferente
differently	anticipation	de manera diferente
differently	disgust	de manera diferente
differently	fear	de manera diferente
differently	joy	de manera diferente
differently	negative	de manera diferente
differently	positive	de manera diferente
differently	sadness	de manera diferente
differently	surprise	de manera diferente
differently	trust	de manera diferente
immortal	anger	inmortal
immortal	anticipation	inmortal
immortal	disgust	inmortal
immortal	fear	inmortal
immortal	joy	inmortal
immortal	negative	inmortal
immortal	positive	inmortal
immortal	sadness	inmortal
immortal	surprise	inmortal
immortal	trust	inmortal
concave	anger	cóncavo
concave	anticipation	cóncavo
concave	disgust	cóncavo
concave	fear	cóncavo
concave	joy	cóncavo
concave	negative	cóncavo
concave	positive	cóncavo
concave	sadness	cóncavo
concave	surprise	cóncavo
concave	trust	cóncavo
slough	anger	slough
slough	anticipation	slough
slough	disgust	slough
slough	fear	slough
slough	joy	slough
slough	negative	slough
slough	positive	slough
slough	sadness	slough
slough	surprise	slough
slough	trust	slough
semblance	anger	semblance
semblance	anticipation	semblance
semblance	disgust	semblance
semblance	fear	semblance
semblance	joy	semblance
semblance	negative	semblance
semblance	positive	semblance
semblance	sadness	semblance
semblance	surprise	semblance
semblance	trust	semblance
dangle	anger	dangle
dangle	anticipation	dangle
dangle	disgust	dangle
dangle	fear	dangle
dangle	joy	dangle
dangle	negative	dangle
dangle	positive	dangle
dangle	sadness	dangle
dangle	surprise	dangle
dangle	trust	dangle
unscathed	anger	unscathed
unscathed	anticipation	unscathed
unscathed	disgust	unscathed
unscathed	fear	unscathed
unscathed	joy	unscathed
unscathed	negative	unscathed
unscathed	positive	unscathed
unscathed	sadness	unscathed
unscathed	surprise	unscathed
unscathed	trust	unscathed
brigade	anger	brigada
brigade	anticipation	de brigada
brigade	disgust	de brigada
brigade	fear	de brigada
brigade	joy	brigada
brigade	negative	de brigada
brigade	positive	de brigada
brigade	sadness	de brigada
brigade	surprise	brigada
brigade	trust	de brigada
voluminous	anger	voluminous
voluminous	anticipation	voluminous
voluminous	disgust	voluminous
voluminous	fear	voluminous
voluminous	joy	voluminous
voluminous	negative	voluminous
voluminous	positive	voluminous
voluminous	sadness	voluminous
voluminous	surprise	voluminous
voluminous	trust	voluminous
vengeful	anger	vengativo
vengeful	anticipation	vengativo
vengeful	disgust	vengativo
vengeful	fear	vengativo
vengeful	joy	vengativo
vengeful	negative	vengativo
vengeful	positive	vengativo
vengeful	sadness	fantasma
vengeful	surprise	de fantasma
vengeful	trust	vengativo
ghost	anger	vengativo
ghost	anticipation	vengativo
ghost	disgust	fantasma
ghost	fear	de fantasma
ghost	joy	de fantasma
ghost	negative	de fantasma
ghost	positive	fantasma
ghost	sadness	de fantasma
ghost	surprise	de fantasma
ghost	trust	de fantasma
knowledge	anger	conocimiento
knowledge	anticipation	de conocimiento
knowledge	disgust	de conocimiento
knowledge	fear	de conocimiento
knowledge	joy	conocimiento
knowledge	negative	de conocimiento
knowledge	positive	de conocimiento
knowledge	sadness	de conocimiento
knowledge	surprise	conocimiento
knowledge	trust	de conocimiento
inserted	anger	insertó
inserted	anticipation	insertado
inserted	disgust	insertó
inserted	fear	insertado
inserted	joy	insertó
inserted	negative	insertado
inserted	positive	insertó
inserted	sadness	insertado
inserted	surprise	insertó
inserted	trust	peligro
danger	anger	de peligro
danger	anticipation	de peligro
danger	disgust	insertado
danger	fear	peligro
danger	joy	de peligro
danger	negative	de peligro
danger	positive	de peligro
danger	sadness	cerámica
danger	surprise	de peligro
danger	trust	de peligro
ceramics	anger	de peligro
ceramics	anticipation	cerámica
ceramics	disgust	de cerámica
ceramics	fear	de cerámica
ceramics	joy	de cerámica
ceramics	negative	cerámica
ceramics	positive	de cerámica
ceramics	sadness	de cerámica
ceramics	surprise	de cerámica
ceramics	trust	cerámica
truism	anger	truism
truism	anticipation	truism
truism	disgust	truism
truism	fear	truism
truism	joy	truism
truism	negative	truism
truism	positive	truism
truism	sadness	truism
truism	surprise	truism
truism	trust	truism
reserves	anger	las reservas
reserves	anticipation	reserva
reserves	disgust	las reservas
reserves	fear	reserva
reserves	joy	las reservas
reserves	negative	reserva
reserves	positive	las reservas
reserves	sadness	reserva
reserves	surprise	las reservas
reserves	trust	reserva
victory	anger	victoria
victory	anticipation	de victoria
victory	disgust	de victoria
victory	fear	de victoria
victory	joy	victoria
victory	negative	de victoria
victory	positive	de victoria
victory	sadness	de victoria
victory	surprise	álbum
victory	trust	de álbum
album	anger	de victoria
album	anticipation	de victoria
album	disgust	álbum
album	fear	de álbum
album	joy	de álbum
album	negative	de álbum
album	positive	álbum
album	sadness	de álbum
album	surprise	de álbum
album	trust	de álbum
exhale	anger	exhala
exhale	anticipation	exhalar
exhale	disgust	exhalar
exhale	fear	exhalar
exhale	joy	exhalar
exhale	negative	exhalar
exhale	positive	exhalar
exhale	sadness	exhalar
exhale	surprise	exhalar
exhale	trust	exhalar
resonant	anger	resonante
resonant	anticipation	resonante
resonant	disgust	resonante
resonant	fear	resonante
resonant	joy	resonante
resonant	negative	resonante
resonant	positive	resonante
resonant	sadness	resonante
resonant	surprise	resonante
resonant	trust	resonante
confiscation	anger	confiscation
confiscation	anticipation	confiscation
confiscation	disgust	confiscation
confiscation	fear	confiscation
confiscation	joy	confiscation
confiscation	negative	confiscation
confiscation	positive	confiscation
confiscation	sadness	confiscation
confiscation	surprise	confiscation
confiscation	trust	confiscation
overlaid	anger	overlaid
overlaid	anticipation	overlaid
overlaid	disgust	overlaid
overlaid	fear	overlaid
overlaid	joy	overlaid
overlaid	negative	overlaid
overlaid	positive	overlaid
overlaid	sadness	overlaid
overlaid	surprise	overlaid
overlaid	trust	overlaid
frolic	anger	frolic
frolic	anticipation	frolic
frolic	disgust	frolic
frolic	fear	frolic
frolic	joy	frolic
frolic	negative	frolic
frolic	positive	frolic
frolic	sadness	frolic
frolic	surprise	frolic
frolic	trust	frolic
exchange	anger	intercambio
exchange	anticipation	de intercambio
exchange	disgust	de intercambio
exchange	fear	de intercambio
exchange	joy	intercambio
exchange	negative	de intercambio
exchange	positive	de intercambio
exchange	sadness	de intercambio
exchange	surprise	intercambio
exchange	trust	de intercambio
manifestly	anger	manifiestamente
manifestly	anticipation	manifiestamente
manifestly	disgust	manifiestamente
manifestly	fear	manifiestamente
manifestly	joy	manifiestamente
manifestly	negative	manifiestamente
manifestly	positive	manifiestamente
manifestly	sadness	manifiestamente
manifestly	surprise	manifiestamente
manifestly	trust	manifiestamente
hob	anger	hob
hob	anticipation	hob
hob	disgust	hob
hob	fear	hob
hob	joy	hob
hob	negative	hob
hob	positive	hob
hob	sadness	hob
hob	surprise	hob
hob	trust	hob
travail	anger	travail
travail	anticipation	travail
travail	disgust	travail
travail	fear	travail
travail	joy	travail
travail	negative	travail
travail	positive	travail
travail	sadness	travail
travail	surprise	travail
travail	trust	travail
vial	anger	vial
vial	anticipation	vial
vial	disgust	vial
vial	fear	vial
vial	joy	vial
vial	negative	vial
vial	positive	vial
vial	sadness	vial
vial	surprise	vial
vial	trust	vial
square	anger	cuadrado
square	anticipation	cuadrado
square	disgust	cuadrado
square	fear	cuadrado
square	joy	cuadrado
square	negative	cuadrado
square	positive	plaza
square	sadness	cuadrada
square	surprise	cuadrada
square	trust	cuadrada
heavily	anger	fuertemente
heavily	anticipation	fuertemente
heavily	disgust	fuertemente
heavily	fear	fuertemente
heavily	joy	fuertemente
heavily	negative	fuertemente
heavily	positive	fuertemente
heavily	sadness	fuertemente
heavily	surprise	fuertemente
heavily	trust	fuertemente
veteran	anger	veterano
veteran	anticipation	veterano
veteran	disgust	veterano
veteran	fear	veterano
veteran	joy	veterano
veteran	negative	veterano
veteran	positive	veterano
veteran	sadness	veterano
veteran	surprise	veterano
veteran	trust	veterano
gleam	anger	gleam
gleam	anticipation	gleam
gleam	disgust	gleam
gleam	fear	gleam
gleam	joy	gleam
gleam	negative	gleam
gleam	positive	gleam
gleam	sadness	gleam
gleam	surprise	gleam
gleam	trust	gleam
triumph	anger	triunfo
triumph	anticipation	de triunfo
triumph	disgust	de triunfo
triumph	fear	de triunfo
triumph	joy	triunfo
triumph	negative	de triunfo
triumph	positive	de triunfo
triumph	sadness	de triunfo
triumph	surprise	grifo
triumph	trust	de grifo
tap	anger	de triunfo
tap	anticipation	de triunfo
tap	disgust	grifo
tap	fear	de grifo
tap	joy	de grifo
tap	negative	de grifo
tap	positive	grifo
tap	sadness	de grifo
tap	surprise	de grifo
tap	trust	de grifo
curvilinear	anger	curvilíneo
curvilinear	anticipation	curvilíneo
curvilinear	disgust	curvilíneo
curvilinear	fear	curvilíneo
curvilinear	joy	curvilíneo
curvilinear	negative	curvilíneo
curvilinear	positive	curvilíneo
curvilinear	sadness	armas
curvilinear	surprise	curvilíneas
curvilinear	trust	curvilíneas
arms	anger	curvilíneas
arms	anticipation	arma
arms	disgust	las armas
arms	fear	arma
arms	joy	las armas
arms	negative	arma
arms	positive	las armas
arms	sadness	arma
arms	surprise	las armas
arms	trust	arma
addressee	anger	destinatario
addressee	anticipation	de destinatario
addressee	disgust	de destinatario
addressee	fear	de destinatario
addressee	joy	destinatario
addressee	negative	de destinatario
addressee	positive	de destinatario
addressee	sadness	de destinatario
addressee	surprise	buscador
addressee	trust	de buscador
seeker	anger	de destinatario
seeker	anticipation	de destinatario
seeker	disgust	buscador
seeker	fear	de buscador
seeker	joy	de buscador
seeker	negative	de buscador
seeker	positive	buscador
seeker	sadness	de buscador
seeker	surprise	de buscador
seeker	trust	de buscador
tinkering	anger	tinkering
tinkering	anticipation	tinkering
tinkering	disgust	tinkering
tinkering	fear	tinkering
tinkering	joy	tinkering
tinkering	negative	tinkering
tinkering	positive	tinkering
tinkering	sadness	tinkering
tinkering	surprise	tinkering
tinkering	trust	tinkering
degenerate	anger	degenerado
degenerate	anticipation	degenerado
degenerate	disgust	degenerado
degenerate	fear	degenerado
degenerate	joy	degenerado
degenerate	negative	degenerado
degenerate	positive	degenerado
degenerate	sadness	sinagoga
degenerate	surprise	de sinagoga
degenerate	trust	degenerada
synagogue	anger	degenerada
synagogue	anticipation	degenerada
synagogue	disgust	sinagoga
synagogue	fear	de sinagoga
synagogue	joy	de sinagoga
synagogue	negative	de sinagoga
synagogue	positive	sinagoga
synagogue	sadness	de sinagoga
synagogue	surprise	de sinagoga
synagogue	trust	de sinagoga
impelled	anger	impelled
impelled	anticipation	impelled
impelled	disgust	impelled
impelled	fear	impelled
impelled	joy	impelled
impelled	negative	impelled
impelled	positive	impelled
impelled	sadness	impelled
impelled	surprise	impelled
impelled	trust	impelled
pile	anger	pila
pile	anticipation	de pila
pile	disgust	de pila
pile	fear	de pila
pile	joy	pila
pile	negative	de pila
pile	positive	de pila
pile	sadness	de pila
pile	surprise	pila
pile	trust	de pila
laxative	anger	laxative
laxative	anticipation	laxative
laxative	disgust	laxative
laxative	fear	laxative
laxative	joy	laxative
laxative	negative	laxative
laxative	positive	laxative
laxative	sadness	laxative
laxative	surprise	laxative
laxative	trust	laxative
heft	anger	heft
heft	anticipation	heft
heft	disgust	heft
heft	fear	heft
heft	joy	heft
heft	negative	heft
heft	positive	heft
heft	sadness	heft
heft	surprise	heft
heft	trust	heft
excitability	anger	excitability
excitability	anticipation	excitability
excitability	disgust	excitability
excitability	fear	excitability
excitability	joy	excitability
excitability	negative	excitability
excitability	positive	excitability
excitability	sadness	excitability
excitability	surprise	excitability
excitability	trust	excitability
recline	anger	recline
recline	anticipation	recline
recline	disgust	recline
recline	fear	recline
recline	joy	recline
recline	negative	recline
recline	positive	recline
recline	sadness	recline
recline	surprise	recline
recline	trust	recline
housekeeping	anger	housekeeping
housekeeping	anticipation	housekeeping
housekeeping	disgust	housekeeping
housekeeping	fear	housekeeping
housekeeping	joy	housekeeping
housekeeping	negative	housekeeping
housekeeping	positive	housekeeping
housekeeping	sadness	housekeeping
housekeeping	surprise	housekeeping
housekeeping	trust	housekeeping
nonce	anger	nonce
nonce	anticipation	nonce
nonce	disgust	nonce
nonce	fear	nonce
nonce	joy	nonce
nonce	negative	nonce
nonce	positive	nonce
nonce	sadness	nonce
nonce	surprise	nonce
nonce	trust	nonce
abide	anger	soporta
abide	anticipation	soportar
abide	disgust	soportar
abide	fear	soportar
abide	joy	soportar
abide	negative	soportar
abide	positive	soportar
abide	sadness	soportar
abide	surprise	soportar
abide	trust	soportar
vernacular	anger	vernáculo
vernacular	anticipation	vernáculo
vernacular	disgust	vernáculo
vernacular	fear	vernáculo
vernacular	joy	vernáculo
vernacular	negative	vernáculo
vernacular	positive	vernáculo
vernacular	sadness	vernáculo
vernacular	surprise	vernáculo
vernacular	trust	vernáculo
unstable	anger	inestable
unstable	anticipation	inestable
unstable	disgust	inestable
unstable	fear	inestable
unstable	joy	inestable
unstable	negative	inestable
unstable	positive	inestable
unstable	sadness	cuota
unstable	surprise	de cuota
unstable	trust	inestable
quota	anger	inestable
quota	anticipation	inestable
quota	disgust	cuota
quota	fear	de cuota
quota	joy	de cuota
quota	negative	de cuota
quota	positive	cuota
quota	sadness	de cuota
quota	surprise	de cuota
quota	trust	de cuota
invalidation	anger	invalidación
invalidation	anticipation	de invalidación
invalidation	disgust	de invalidación
invalidation	fear	de invalidación
invalidation	joy	invalidación
invalidation	negative	de invalidación
invalidation	positive	de invalidación
invalidation	sadness	de invalidación
invalidation	surprise	invalidación
invalidation	trust	de invalidación
wildfire	anger	wildfire
wildfire	anticipation	wildfire
wildfire	disgust	wildfire
wildfire	fear	wildfire
wildfire	joy	wildfire
wildfire	negative	wildfire
wildfire	positive	wildfire
wildfire	sadness	wildfire
wildfire	surprise	wildfire
wildfire	trust	wildfire
virtue	anger	virtud
virtue	anticipation	de virtud
virtue	disgust	de virtud
virtue	fear	de virtud
virtue	joy	virtud
virtue	negative	de virtud
virtue	positive	de virtud
virtue	sadness	de virtud
virtue	surprise	virtud
virtue	trust	de virtud
segregate	anger	segregate
segregate	anticipation	segregate
segregate	disgust	segregate
segregate	fear	segregate
segregate	joy	segregate
segregate	negative	segregate
segregate	positive	segregate
segregate	sadness	segregate
segregate	surprise	segregate
segregate	trust	segregate
registry	anger	registro
registry	anticipation	de registro
registry	disgust	de registro
registry	fear	de registro
registry	joy	registro
registry	negative	de registro
registry	positive	de registro
registry	sadness	de registro
registry	surprise	registro
registry	trust	de registro
finesse	anger	finesse
finesse	anticipation	finesse
finesse	disgust	finesse
finesse	fear	finesse
finesse	joy	finesse
finesse	negative	finesse
finesse	positive	finesse
finesse	sadness	finesse
finesse	surprise	finesse
finesse	trust	finesse
debauchery	anger	debauchery
debauchery	anticipation	debauchery
debauchery	disgust	debauchery
debauchery	fear	debauchery
debauchery	joy	debauchery
debauchery	negative	debauchery
debauchery	positive	debauchery
debauchery	sadness	debauchery
debauchery	surprise	debauchery
debauchery	trust	debauchery
deal	anger	trato
deal	anticipation	de trato
deal	disgust	de trato
deal	fear	de trato
deal	joy	trato
deal	negative	de trato
deal	positive	de trato
deal	sadness	de trato
deal	surprise	vesícula
deal	trust	de vesícula
vesicle	anger	de trato
vesicle	anticipation	de trato
vesicle	disgust	vesícula
vesicle	fear	de vesícula
vesicle	joy	de vesícula
vesicle	negative	de vesícula
vesicle	positive	vesícula
vesicle	sadness	de vesícula
vesicle	surprise	de vesícula
vesicle	trust	de vesícula
infrequently	anger	infrequently
infrequently	anticipation	infrequently
infrequently	disgust	infrequently
infrequently	fear	infrequently
infrequently	joy	infrequently
infrequently	negative	infrequently
infrequently	positive	infrequently
infrequently	sadness	infrequently
infrequently	surprise	infrequently
infrequently	trust	infrequently
disheartening	anger	disheartening
disheartening	anticipation	disheartening
disheartening	disgust	disheartening
disheartening	fear	disheartening
disheartening	joy	disheartening
disheartening	negative	disheartening
disheartening	positive	disheartening
disheartening	sadness	disheartening
disheartening	surprise	disheartening
disheartening	trust	disheartening
gospel	anger	gospel
gospel	anticipation	gospel
gospel	disgust	gospel
gospel	fear	gospel
gospel	joy	gospel
gospel	negative	gospel
gospel	positive	gospel
gospel	sadness	gospel
gospel	surprise	gospel
gospel	trust	gospel
angelic	anger	angelic
angelic	anticipation	angelic
angelic	disgust	angelic
angelic	fear	angelic
angelic	joy	angelic
angelic	negative	angelic
angelic	positive	angelic
angelic	sadness	angelic
angelic	surprise	angelic
angelic	trust	angelic
personal	anger	personal
personal	anticipation	personal
personal	disgust	personal
personal	fear	personal
personal	joy	personal
personal	negative	personal
personal	positive	personal
personal	sadness	personal
personal	surprise	personal
personal	trust	personal
commence	anger	comenzar
commence	anticipation	comenzar
commence	disgust	comenzar
commence	fear	comenzar
commence	joy	comenzar
commence	negative	comenzar
commence	positive	comenzar
commence	sadness	comenzar
commence	surprise	comenzar
commence	trust	comenzar
disposal	anger	eliminación
disposal	anticipation	de eliminación
disposal	disgust	de eliminación
disposal	fear	de eliminación
disposal	joy	eliminación
disposal	negative	de eliminación
disposal	positive	de eliminación
disposal	sadness	de eliminación
disposal	surprise	eliminación
disposal	trust	de eliminación
prong	anger	prong
prong	anticipation	prong
prong	disgust	prong
prong	fear	prong
prong	joy	prong
prong	negative	prong
prong	positive	prong
prong	sadness	prong
prong	surprise	prong
prong	trust	prong
gasp	anger	gasp
gasp	anticipation	gasp
gasp	disgust	gasp
gasp	fear	gasp
gasp	joy	gasp
gasp	negative	gasp
gasp	positive	gasp
gasp	sadness	gasp
gasp	surprise	gasp
gasp	trust	gasp
owner	anger	dueño
owner	anticipation	de dueño
owner	disgust	de dueño
owner	fear	de dueño
owner	joy	dueño
owner	negative	de dueño
owner	positive	de dueño
owner	sadness	de dueño
owner	surprise	señorío
owner	trust	de señorío
lordship	anger	de dueño
lordship	anticipation	de dueño
lordship	disgust	señorío
lordship	fear	de señorío
lordship	joy	de señorío
lordship	negative	de señorío
lordship	positive	señorío
lordship	sadness	de señorío
lordship	surprise	de señorío
lordship	trust	de señorío
commendable	anger	commendable
commendable	anticipation	commendable
commendable	disgust	commendable
commendable	fear	commendable
commendable	joy	commendable
commendable	negative	commendable
commendable	positive	commendable
commendable	sadness	commendable
commendable	surprise	commendable
commendable	trust	commendable
cardigan	anger	chaqueta de punto
cardigan	anticipation	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	disgust	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	fear	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	joy	chaqueta de punto
cardigan	negative	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	positive	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	sadness	de chaqueta de punto
cardigan	surprise	subvención
cardigan	trust	de subvención
subsidy	anger	de chaqueta de punto
subsidy	anticipation	de chaqueta de punto
subsidy	disgust	subvención
subsidy	fear	de subvención
subsidy	joy	de subvención
subsidy	negative	de subvención
subsidy	positive	subvención
subsidy	sadness	de subvención
subsidy	surprise	de subvención
subsidy	trust	de subvención
smudge	anger	smudge
smudge	anticipation	smudge
smudge	disgust	smudge
smudge	fear	smudge
smudge	joy	smudge
smudge	negative	smudge
smudge	positive	smudge
smudge	sadness	smudge
smudge	surprise	smudge
smudge	trust	smudge
aetiology	anger	aetiology
aetiology	anticipation	aetiology
aetiology	disgust	aetiology
aetiology	fear	aetiology
aetiology	joy	aetiology
aetiology	negative	aetiology
aetiology	positive	aetiology
aetiology	sadness	aetiology
aetiology	surprise	aetiology
aetiology	trust	aetiology
solitaire	anger	solitaire
solitaire	anticipation	solitaire
solitaire	disgust	solitaire
solitaire	fear	solitaire
solitaire	joy	solitaire
solitaire	negative	solitaire
solitaire	positive	solitaire
solitaire	sadness	solitaire
solitaire	surprise	solitaire
solitaire	trust	solitaire
seductive	anger	seductor
seductive	anticipation	seductor
seductive	disgust	seductor
seductive	fear	seductor
seductive	joy	seductor
seductive	negative	seductor
seductive	positive	seductor
seductive	sadness	seductor
seductive	surprise	seductor
seductive	trust	seductor
secular	anger	secular
secular	anticipation	secular
secular	disgust	secular
secular	fear	secular
secular	joy	secular
secular	negative	secular
secular	positive	secular
secular	sadness	secular
secular	surprise	secular
secular	trust	secular
infatuation	anger	infatuation
infatuation	anticipation	infatuation
infatuation	disgust	infatuation
infatuation	fear	infatuation
infatuation	joy	infatuation
infatuation	negative	infatuation
infatuation	positive	infatuation
infatuation	sadness	infatuation
infatuation	surprise	infatuation
infatuation	trust	infatuation
wart	anger	verruga
wart	anticipation	de verruga
wart	disgust	de verruga
wart	fear	de verruga
wart	joy	verruga
wart	negative	de verruga
wart	positive	de verruga
wart	sadness	de verruga
wart	surprise	verruga
wart	trust	de verruga
reassemble	anger	reassemble
reassemble	anticipation	reassemble
reassemble	disgust	reassemble
reassemble	fear	reassemble
reassemble	joy	reassemble
reassemble	negative	reassemble
reassemble	positive	reassemble
reassemble	sadness	reassemble
reassemble	surprise	reassemble
reassemble	trust	reassemble
hesitation	anger	hesitation
hesitation	anticipation	hesitation
hesitation	disgust	hesitation
hesitation	fear	hesitation
hesitation	joy	hesitation
hesitation	negative	hesitation
hesitation	positive	hesitation
hesitation	sadness	hesitation
hesitation	surprise	hesitation
hesitation	trust	hesitation
fainting	anger	desmayo
fainting	anticipation	de desmayo
fainting	disgust	de desmayo
fainting	fear	de desmayo
fainting	joy	desmayo
fainting	negative	de desmayo
fainting	positive	de desmayo
fainting	sadness	de desmayo
fainting	surprise	banquero
fainting	trust	de banquero
banker	anger	de desmayo
banker	anticipation	de desmayo
banker	disgust	banquero
banker	fear	de banquero
banker	joy	de banquero
banker	negative	de banquero
banker	positive	banquero
banker	sadness	de banquero
banker	surprise	de banquero
banker	trust	de banquero
adjective	anger	adjetivo
adjective	anticipation	de adjetivo
adjective	disgust	de adjetivo
adjective	fear	de adjetivo
adjective	joy	adjetivo
adjective	negative	de adjetivo
adjective	positive	de adjetivo
adjective	sadness	de adjetivo
adjective	surprise	adjetivo
adjective	trust	de adjetivo
pearl	anger	pearl
pearl	anticipation	pearl
pearl	disgust	pearl
pearl	fear	pearl
pearl	joy	pearl
pearl	negative	pearl
pearl	positive	pearl
pearl	sadness	pearl
pearl	surprise	pearl
pearl	trust	pearl
sentimental	anger	sentimental
sentimental	anticipation	sentimental
sentimental	disgust	sentimental
sentimental	fear	sentimental
sentimental	joy	sentimental
sentimental	negative	sentimental
sentimental	positive	sentimental
sentimental	sadness	afectos
sentimental	surprise	de afectos
sentimental	trust	sentimentales
affections	anger	sentimentales
affections	anticipation	sentimentales
affections	disgust	afectos
affections	fear	de afectos
affections	joy	de afectos
affections	negative	de afectos
affections	positive	afectos
affections	sadness	de afectos
affections	surprise	de afectos
affections	trust	de afectos
abomination	anger	abominación
abomination	anticipation	de abominación
abomination	disgust	de abominación
abomination	fear	de abominación
abomination	joy	abominación
abomination	negative	de abominación
abomination	positive	de abominación
abomination	sadness	de abominación
abomination	surprise	abominación
abomination	trust	de abominación que
revolting	anger	repugna
revolting	anticipation	repugnando
revolting	disgust	repugnando
revolting	fear	repugnando
revolting	joy	repugnando
revolting	negative	repugnando
revolting	positive	repugnando
revolting	sadness	repugnando
revolting	surprise	repugnando
revolting	trust	repugnando
milk	anger	leche
milk	anticipation	de leche
milk	disgust	de leche
milk	fear	de leche
milk	joy	leche
milk	negative	de leche
milk	positive	de leche
milk	sadness	de leche
milk	surprise	leche
milk	trust	de leche
compelled	anger	obligó
compelled	anticipation	obligada
compelled	disgust	obligó
compelled	fear	obligado
compelled	joy	obligó
compelled	negative	obligado
compelled	positive	obligó
compelled	sadness	obligado
compelled	surprise	obligó
compelled	trust	obligado
compromise	anger	compromise
compromise	anticipation	compromise
compromise	disgust	compromise
compromise	fear	compromise
compromise	joy	compromise
compromise	negative	compromise
compromise	positive	compromise
compromise	sadness	compromise
compromise	surprise	compromise
compromise	trust	compromise
kilogram	anger	kilogramo
kilogram	anticipation	de kilogramo
kilogram	disgust	de kilogramo
kilogram	fear	de kilogramo
kilogram	joy	kilogramo
kilogram	negative	de kilogramo
kilogram	positive	de kilogramo
kilogram	sadness	de kilogramo
kilogram	surprise	pendiente
kilogram	trust	de pendiente
earring	anger	de kilogramo
earring	anticipation	de kilogramo
earring	disgust	pendiente
earring	fear	de pendiente
earring	joy	de pendiente
earring	negative	de pendiente
earring	positive	pendiente
earring	sadness	de pendiente
earring	surprise	de pendiente
earring	trust	de pendiente
ooze	anger	cieno
ooze	anticipation	de cieno
ooze	disgust	de cieno
ooze	fear	de cieno
ooze	joy	cieno
ooze	negative	de cieno
ooze	positive	de cieno
ooze	sadness	de cieno
ooze	surprise	níquel
ooze	trust	de níquel
nickel	anger	de cieno
nickel	anticipation	de cieno
nickel	disgust	níquel
nickel	fear	de níquel
nickel	joy	de níquel
nickel	negative	de níquel
nickel	positive	níquel
nickel	sadness	de níquel
nickel	surprise	de níquel
nickel	trust	de níquel
meantime	anger	mientras tanto
meantime	anticipation	mientras tanto
meantime	disgust	mientras tanto
meantime	fear	mientras tanto
meantime	joy	mientras tanto
meantime	negative	mientras tanto
meantime	positive	mientras tanto
meantime	sadness	mientras tanto
meantime	surprise	mientras tanto
meantime	trust	mientras tanto
chairman	anger	presidente
chairman	anticipation	de presidente
chairman	disgust	de presidente
chairman	fear	de presidente
chairman	joy	presidente
chairman	negative	de presidente
chairman	positive	de presidente
chairman	sadness	de presidente
chairman	surprise	presidente
chairman	trust	de presidente
furnish	anger	amuebla
furnish	anticipation	amueblar
furnish	disgust	amueblar
furnish	fear	amueblar
furnish	joy	amueblar
furnish	negative	amueblar
furnish	positive	amueblar
furnish	sadness	amueblar
furnish	surprise	amueblar
furnish	trust	amueblar
yellow	anger	amarillo
yellow	anticipation	amarillo
yellow	disgust	amarillo
yellow	fear	amarillo
yellow	joy	amarillo
yellow	negative	amarillo
yellow	positive	amarillo
yellow	sadness	suspensión
yellow	surprise	de suspensión
yellow	trust	amarilla
suspension	anger	amarilla
suspension	anticipation	amarilla
suspension	disgust	suspensión
suspension	fear	de suspensión
suspension	joy	de suspensión
suspension	negative	de suspensión
suspension	positive	suspensión
suspension	sadness	de suspensión
suspension	surprise	de suspensión
suspension	trust	de suspensión
spindle	anger	spindle
spindle	anticipation	spindle
spindle	disgust	spindle
spindle	fear	spindle
spindle	joy	spindle
spindle	negative	spindle
spindle	positive	spindle
spindle	sadness	spindle
spindle	surprise	spindle
spindle	trust	spindle
gambling	anger	juego
gambling	anticipation	de juego
gambling	disgust	de juego
gambling	fear	de juego
gambling	joy	juego
gambling	negative	de juego
gambling	positive	de juego
gambling	sadness	de juego
gambling	surprise	historiador
gambling	trust	de historiador
historian	anger	de juego
historian	anticipation	de juego
historian	disgust	historiador
historian	fear	de historiador
historian	joy	de historiador
historian	negative	de historiador
historian	positive	historiador
historian	sadness	de historiador
historian	surprise	de historiador
historian	trust	de historiador
adjacency	anger	adjacency
adjacency	anticipation	adjacency
adjacency	disgust	adjacency
adjacency	fear	adjacency
adjacency	joy	adjacency
adjacency	negative	adjacency
adjacency	positive	adjacency
adjacency	sadness	adjacency
adjacency	surprise	adjacency
adjacency	trust	adjacency
adultery	anger	adulterio
adultery	anticipation	de adulterio
adultery	disgust	de adulterio
adultery	fear	de adulterio
adultery	joy	adulterio
adultery	negative	de adulterio
adultery	positive	de adulterio
adultery	sadness	de adulterio
adultery	surprise	adulterio
adultery	trust	de adulterio
exaggerate	anger	exagera
exaggerate	anticipation	exagerar
exaggerate	disgust	exagerar
exaggerate	fear	exagerar
exaggerate	joy	exagerar
exaggerate	negative	exagerar
exaggerate	positive	exagerar
exaggerate	sadness	exagerar
exaggerate	surprise	exagerar
exaggerate	trust	exagerar
propelled	anger	propelled
propelled	anticipation	propelled
propelled	disgust	propelled
propelled	fear	propelled
propelled	joy	propelled
propelled	negative	propelled
propelled	positive	propelled
propelled	sadness	propelled
propelled	surprise	propelled
propelled	trust	propelled
nappy	anger	nappy
nappy	anticipation	nappy
nappy	disgust	nappy
nappy	fear	nappy
nappy	joy	nappy
nappy	negative	nappy
nappy	positive	nappy
nappy	sadness	nappy
nappy	surprise	nappy
nappy	trust	nappy
hellish	anger	hellish
hellish	anticipation	hellish
hellish	disgust	hellish
hellish	fear	hellish
hellish	joy	hellish
hellish	negative	hellish
hellish	positive	hellish
hellish	sadness	hellish
hellish	surprise	hellish
hellish	trust	hellish
disrespect	anger	falta de respeto
disrespect	anticipation	de falta de respeto
disrespect	disgust	de falta de respeto
disrespect	fear	de falta de respeto
disrespect	joy	falta de respeto
disrespect	negative	de falta de respeto
disrespect	positive	de falta de respeto
disrespect	sadness	de falta de respeto
disrespect	surprise	falta de respeto
disrespect	trust	de falta de respeto
inhale	anger	inhala
inhale	anticipation	inhalar
inhale	disgust	inhalar
inhale	fear	inhalar
inhale	joy	inhalar
inhale	negative	inhalar
inhale	positive	inhalar
inhale	sadness	inhalar
inhale	surprise	inhalar
inhale	trust	inhalar
exposure	anger	exposición
exposure	anticipation	de exposición
exposure	disgust	de exposición
exposure	fear	de exposición
exposure	joy	exposición
exposure	negative	de exposición
exposure	positive	de exposición
exposure	sadness	de exposición
exposure	surprise	amatista
exposure	trust	de amatista
amethyst	anger	de exposición
amethyst	anticipation	de exposición
amethyst	disgust	amatista
amethyst	fear	de amatista
amethyst	joy	de amatista
amethyst	negative	de amatista
amethyst	positive	amatista
amethyst	sadness	de amatista
amethyst	surprise	de amatista
amethyst	trust	de amatista que
trading	anger	comercia
trading	anticipation	comercial
trading	disgust	comercial
trading	fear	comercial
trading	joy	comercial
trading	negative	comercial
trading	positive	comercial
trading	sadness	lógica
trading	surprise	de lógica
trading	trust	comercial
logic	anger	comercial
logic	anticipation	comercial
logic	disgust	lógica
logic	fear	de lógica
logic	joy	de lógica
logic	negative	de lógica
logic	positive	lógica
logic	sadness	de lógica
logic	surprise	de lógica
logic	trust	de lógica
undeveloped	anger	undeveloped
undeveloped	anticipation	undeveloped
undeveloped	disgust	undeveloped
undeveloped	fear	undeveloped
undeveloped	joy	undeveloped
undeveloped	negative	undeveloped
undeveloped	positive	undeveloped
undeveloped	sadness	undeveloped
undeveloped	surprise	undeveloped
undeveloped	trust	undeveloped
ballast	anger	lastre
ballast	anticipation	de lastre
ballast	disgust	de lastre
ballast	fear	de lastre
ballast	joy	lastre
ballast	negative	de lastre
ballast	positive	de lastre
ballast	sadness	de lastre
ballast	surprise	retraso
ballast	trust	de retraso
delay	anger	de lastre
delay	anticipation	de lastre
delay	disgust	retraso
delay	fear	de retraso
delay	joy	de retraso
delay	negative	de retraso
delay	positive	retraso
delay	sadness	de retraso
delay	surprise	de retraso
delay	trust	de retraso
complacency	anger	complacency
complacency	anticipation	complacency
complacency	disgust	complacency
complacency	fear	complacency
complacency	joy	complacency
complacency	negative	complacency
complacency	positive	complacency
complacency	sadness	complacency
complacency	surprise	complacency
complacency	trust	complacency
deuce	anger	deuce
deuce	anticipation	deuce
deuce	disgust	deuce
deuce	fear	deuce
deuce	joy	deuce
deuce	negative	deuce
deuce	positive	deuce
deuce	sadness	deuce
deuce	surprise	deuce
deuce	trust	deuce
web	anger	web
web	anticipation	de web
web	disgust	de web
web	fear	de web
web	joy	web
web	negative	de web
web	positive	de web
web	sadness	de web
web	surprise	web
web	trust	de web
modeler	anger	modeler
modeler	anticipation	modeler
modeler	disgust	modeler
modeler	fear	modeler
modeler	joy	modeler
modeler	negative	modeler
modeler	positive	modeler
modeler	sadness	modeler
modeler	surprise	modeler
modeler	trust	modeler
moiety	anger	moiety
moiety	anticipation	moiety
moiety	disgust	moiety
moiety	fear	moiety
moiety	joy	moiety
moiety	negative	moiety
moiety	positive	moiety
moiety	sadness	moiety
moiety	surprise	moiety
moiety	trust	moiety
partly	anger	en parte
partly	anticipation	en parte
partly	disgust	en parte
partly	fear	en parte
partly	joy	en parte
partly	negative	en parte
partly	positive	en parte
partly	sadness	en parte
partly	surprise	en parte
partly	trust	en parte
teach	anger	enseñar
teach	anticipation	enseñar
teach	disgust	enseñar
teach	fear	enseñar
teach	joy	enseñar
teach	negative	enseñar
teach	positive	enseñar
teach	sadness	enseñar
teach	surprise	enseñar
teach	trust	enseñar
set	anger	el conjunto
set	anticipation	puesto
set	disgust	pone
set	fear	el conjunto
set	joy	puesto
set	negative	pone
set	positive	el conjunto
set	sadness	puesto
set	surprise	pone
set	trust	ombligo
navel	anger	de ombligo
navel	anticipation	de ombligo
navel	disgust	puesto
navel	fear	ombligo
navel	joy	de ombligo
navel	negative	de ombligo
navel	positive	de ombligo
navel	sadness	arquitecto
navel	surprise	de ombligo
navel	trust	de ombligo
architect	anger	de ombligo
architect	anticipation	arquitecto
architect	disgust	de arquitecto
architect	fear	de arquitecto
architect	joy	de arquitecto
architect	negative	arquitecto
architect	positive	de arquitecto
architect	sadness	de arquitecto
architect	surprise	de arquitecto
architect	trust	anfiteatro
amphitheater	anger	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	anticipation	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	disgust	de arquitecto
amphitheater	fear	anfiteatro
amphitheater	joy	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	negative	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	positive	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	sadness	crónica
amphitheater	surprise	de anfiteatro
amphitheater	trust	de anfiteatro
chronicle	anger	de anfiteatro
chronicle	anticipation	crónica
chronicle	disgust	de crónica
chronicle	fear	de crónica
chronicle	joy	de crónica
chronicle	negative	crónica
chronicle	positive	de crónica
chronicle	sadness	de crónica
chronicle	surprise	de crónica
chronicle	trust	tapiz
tapestry	anger	de tapiz
tapestry	anticipation	de tapiz
tapestry	disgust	de crónica
tapestry	fear	tapiz
tapestry	joy	de tapiz
tapestry	negative	de tapiz
tapestry	positive	de tapiz
tapestry	sadness	tapiz
tapestry	surprise	de tapiz
tapestry	trust	del tapiz
pedestal	anger	pedestal
pedestal	anticipation	pedestal
pedestal	disgust	pedestal
pedestal	fear	pedestal
pedestal	joy	pedestal
pedestal	negative	pedestal
pedestal	positive	pedestal
pedestal	sadness	pedestal
pedestal	surprise	pedestal
pedestal	trust	pedestal
job	anger	trabajo
job	anticipation	de trabajo
job	disgust	de trabajo
job	fear	de trabajo
job	joy	trabajo
job	negative	de trabajo
job	positive	de trabajo
job	sadness	de trabajo
job	surprise	trabajo
job	trust	de trabajo
burly	anger	burly
burly	anticipation	burly
burly	disgust	burly
burly	fear	burly
burly	joy	burly
burly	negative	burly
burly	positive	burly
burly	sadness	burly
burly	surprise	burly
burly	trust	burly
boar	anger	boar
boar	anticipation	boar
boar	disgust	boar
boar	fear	boar
boar	joy	boar
boar	negative	boar
boar	positive	boar
boar	sadness	boar
boar	surprise	boar
boar	trust	boar
delinquent	anger	moroso
delinquent	anticipation	moroso
delinquent	disgust	moroso
delinquent	fear	moroso
delinquent	joy	moroso
delinquent	negative	moroso
delinquent	positive	moroso
delinquent	sadness	moroso
delinquent	surprise	moroso
delinquent	trust	moroso
vie	anger	vie
vie	anticipation	vie
vie	disgust	vie
vie	fear	vie
vie	joy	vie
vie	negative	vie
vie	positive	vie
vie	sadness	vie
vie	surprise	vie
vie	trust	vie
pious	anger	piadoso
pious	anticipation	piadoso
pious	disgust	piadoso
pious	fear	piadoso
pious	joy	piadoso
pious	negative	piadoso
pious	positive	piadoso
pious	sadness	cruzada
pious	surprise	de cruzada
pious	trust	piadosa
crusade	anger	piadosa
crusade	anticipation	piadosa
crusade	disgust	cruzada
crusade	fear	de cruzada
crusade	joy	de cruzada
crusade	negative	de cruzada
crusade	positive	cruzada
crusade	sadness	de cruzada
crusade	surprise	de cruzada
crusade	trust	de cruzada
strengthening	anger	fortalecimiento
strengthening	anticipation	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	disgust	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	fear	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	joy	fortalecimiento
strengthening	negative	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	positive	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	sadness	de fortalecimiento
strengthening	surprise	dirigente
strengthening	trust	de dirigente
leader	anger	de fortalecimiento
leader	anticipation	de fortalecimiento
leader	disgust	dirigente
leader	fear	de dirigente
leader	joy	de dirigente
leader	negative	de dirigente
leader	positive	dirigente
leader	sadness	de dirigente
leader	surprise	de dirigente
leader	trust	de dirigente
resigned	anger	dimitió
resigned	anticipation	dimitido
resigned	disgust	dimitió
resigned	fear	dimitido
resigned	joy	dimitió
resigned	negative	dimitido
resigned	positive	dimitió
resigned	sadness	dimitido
resigned	surprise	dimitió
resigned	trust	dimitido
hangout	anger	hangout
hangout	anticipation	hangout
hangout	disgust	hangout
hangout	fear	hangout
hangout	joy	hangout
hangout	negative	hangout
hangout	positive	hangout
hangout	sadness	hangout
hangout	surprise	hangout
hangout	trust	hangout
innuendo	anger	innuendo
innuendo	anticipation	innuendo
innuendo	disgust	innuendo
innuendo	fear	innuendo
innuendo	joy	innuendo
innuendo	negative	innuendo
innuendo	positive	innuendo
innuendo	sadness	innuendo
innuendo	surprise	innuendo
innuendo	trust	innuendo
learner	anger	estudiante
learner	anticipation	de estudiante
learner	disgust	de estudiante
learner	fear	de estudiante
learner	joy	estudiante
learner	negative	de estudiante
learner	positive	de estudiante
learner	sadness	de estudiante
learner	surprise	estudiante
learner	trust	de estudiante
affluence	anger	affluence
affluence	anticipation	affluence
affluence	disgust	affluence
affluence	fear	affluence
affluence	joy	affluence
affluence	negative	affluence
affluence	positive	affluence
affluence	sadness	affluence
affluence	surprise	affluence
affluence	trust	affluence
unintentional	anger	involuntario
unintentional	anticipation	involuntario
unintentional	disgust	involuntario
unintentional	fear	involuntario
unintentional	joy	involuntario
unintentional	negative	involuntario
unintentional	positive	involuntario
unintentional	sadness	diente
unintentional	surprise	de diente
unintentional	trust	involuntario
tooth	anger	involuntario
tooth	anticipation	involuntario
tooth	disgust	diente
tooth	fear	de diente
tooth	joy	de diente
tooth	negative	de diente
tooth	positive	diente
tooth	sadness	de diente
tooth	surprise	de diente
tooth	trust	de diente
white	anger	blanco
white	anticipation	blanco
white	disgust	blanco
white	fear	blanco
white	joy	blanco
white	negative	blanco
white	positive	blanco
white	sadness	blanco
white	surprise	blanco
white	trust	blanco
quantitatively	anger	quantitatively
quantitatively	anticipation	quantitatively
quantitatively	disgust	quantitatively
quantitatively	fear	quantitatively
quantitatively	joy	quantitatively
quantitatively	negative	quantitatively
quantitatively	positive	quantitatively
quantitatively	sadness	quantitatively
quantitatively	surprise	quantitatively
quantitatively	trust	quantitatively
missile	anger	misil
missile	anticipation	de misil
missile	disgust	de misil
missile	fear	de misil
missile	joy	misil
missile	negative	de misil
missile	positive	de misil
missile	sadness	de misil
missile	surprise	misil
missile	trust	de misil
groundless	anger	infundado
groundless	anticipation	infundado
groundless	disgust	infundado
groundless	fear	infundado
groundless	joy	infundado
groundless	negative	infundado
groundless	positive	infundado
groundless	sadness	captura
groundless	surprise	de captura
groundless	trust	infundada
capture	anger	infundada
capture	anticipation	infundada
capture	disgust	captura
capture	fear	de captura
capture	joy	de captura
capture	negative	de captura
capture	positive	captura
capture	sadness	de captura
capture	surprise	de captura
capture	trust	de captura
aorta	anger	aorta
aorta	anticipation	de aorta
aorta	disgust	de aorta
aorta	fear	de aorta
aorta	joy	aorta
aorta	negative	de aorta
aorta	positive	de aorta
aorta	sadness	de aorta
aorta	surprise	representación
aorta	trust	de representación
representation	anger	de aorta
representation	anticipation	de aorta
representation	disgust	representación
representation	fear	de representación
representation	joy	de representación
representation	negative	de representación
representation	positive	representación
representation	sadness	de representación
representation	surprise	de representación
representation	trust	de representación
vanilla	anger	vanilla
vanilla	anticipation	vanilla
vanilla	disgust	vanilla
vanilla	fear	vanilla
vanilla	joy	vanilla
vanilla	negative	vanilla
vanilla	positive	vanilla
vanilla	sadness	vanilla
vanilla	surprise	vanilla
vanilla	trust	vanilla
fidelity	anger	fidelidad
fidelity	anticipation	de fidelidad
fidelity	disgust	de fidelidad
fidelity	fear	de fidelidad
fidelity	joy	fidelidad
fidelity	negative	de fidelidad
fidelity	positive	de fidelidad
fidelity	sadness	de fidelidad
fidelity	surprise	fidelidad
fidelity	trust	de fidelidad
susceptible	anger	susceptible
susceptible	anticipation	susceptible
susceptible	disgust	susceptible
susceptible	fear	susceptible
susceptible	joy	susceptible
susceptible	negative	susceptible
susceptible	positive	susceptible
susceptible	sadness	susceptible
susceptible	surprise	susceptible
susceptible	trust	susceptible
saint	anger	santo
saint	anticipation	santo
saint	disgust	santo
saint	fear	santo
saint	joy	santo
saint	negative	santo
saint	positive	santo
saint	sadness	santo
saint	surprise	santo
saint	trust	santo
disgusting	anger	asqueroso
disgusting	anticipation	asqueroso
disgusting	disgust	asqueroso
disgusting	fear	asqueroso
disgusting	joy	asqueroso
disgusting	negative	asqueroso
disgusting	positive	asqueroso
disgusting	sadness	asqueroso
disgusting	surprise	asqueroso
disgusting	trust	asqueroso
stunted	anger	stunted
stunted	anticipation	stunted
stunted	disgust	stunted
stunted	fear	stunted
stunted	joy	stunted
stunted	negative	stunted
stunted	positive	stunted
stunted	sadness	stunted
stunted	surprise	stunted
stunted	trust	stunted
torso	anger	torso
torso	anticipation	torso
torso	disgust	torso
torso	fear	torso
torso	joy	torso
torso	negative	torso
torso	positive	torso
torso	sadness	torso
torso	surprise	torso
torso	trust	torso
violet	anger	violeta
violet	anticipation	violeta
violet	disgust	violeta
violet	fear	violeta
violet	joy	violeta
violet	negative	violeta
violet	positive	violeta
violet	sadness	fragilidad
violet	surprise	de fragilidad
violet	trust	violeta
fragility	anger	violeta
fragility	anticipation	violeta
fragility	disgust	fragilidad
fragility	fear	de fragilidad
fragility	joy	de fragilidad
fragility	negative	de fragilidad
fragility	positive	fragilidad
fragility	sadness	de fragilidad
fragility	surprise	de fragilidad
fragility	trust	de fragilidad
disobedient	anger	disobedient
disobedient	anticipation	disobedient
disobedient	disgust	disobedient
disobedient	fear	disobedient
disobedient	joy	disobedient
disobedient	negative	disobedient
disobedient	positive	disobedient
disobedient	sadness	disobedient
disobedient	surprise	disobedient
disobedient	trust	disobedient
culinary	anger	culinario
culinary	anticipation	culinario
culinary	disgust	culinario
culinary	fear	culinario
culinary	joy	culinario
culinary	negative	culinario
culinary	positive	culinario
culinary	sadness	culinario
culinary	surprise	culinario
culinary	trust	culinario
betrothed	anger	betrothed
betrothed	anticipation	betrothed
betrothed	disgust	betrothed
betrothed	fear	betrothed
betrothed	joy	betrothed
betrothed	negative	betrothed
betrothed	positive	betrothed
betrothed	sadness	betrothed
betrothed	surprise	betrothed
betrothed	trust	betrothed
aye	anger	sí
aye	anticipation	sí
aye	disgust	sí
aye	fear	sí
aye	joy	sí
aye	negative	sí
aye	positive	sí
aye	sadness	sí
aye	surprise	sí
aye	trust	sí
detached	anger	detached
detached	anticipation	detached
detached	disgust	detached
detached	fear	detached
detached	joy	detached
detached	negative	detached
detached	positive	detached
detached	sadness	detached
detached	surprise	detached
detached	trust	detached
hummingbird	anger	hummingbird
hummingbird	anticipation	hummingbird
hummingbird	disgust	hummingbird
hummingbird	fear	hummingbird
hummingbird	joy	hummingbird
hummingbird	negative	hummingbird
hummingbird	positive	hummingbird
hummingbird	sadness	hummingbird
hummingbird	surprise	hummingbird
hummingbird	trust	hummingbird
duel	anger	duelo
duel	anticipation	de duelo
duel	disgust	de duelo
duel	fear	de duelo
duel	joy	duelo
duel	negative	de duelo
duel	positive	de duelo
duel	sadness	de duelo
duel	surprise	duelo
duel	trust	de duelo
ventilator	anger	ventilator
ventilator	anticipation	ventilator
ventilator	disgust	ventilator
ventilator	fear	ventilator
ventilator	joy	ventilator
ventilator	negative	ventilator
ventilator	positive	ventilator
ventilator	sadness	ventilator
ventilator	surprise	ventilator
ventilator	trust	ventilator
alb	anger	alb
alb	anticipation	alb
alb	disgust	alb
alb	fear	alb
alb	joy	alb
alb	negative	alb
alb	positive	alb
alb	sadness	alb
alb	surprise	alb
alb	trust	alb
trepidation	anger	trepidation
trepidation	anticipation	trepidation
trepidation	disgust	trepidation
trepidation	fear	trepidation
trepidation	joy	trepidation
trepidation	negative	trepidation
trepidation	positive	trepidation
trepidation	sadness	trepidation
trepidation	surprise	trepidation
trepidation	trust	trepidation
captor	anger	captor
captor	anticipation	captor
captor	disgust	captor
captor	fear	captor
captor	joy	captor
captor	negative	captor
captor	positive	captor
captor	sadness	captor
captor	surprise	captor
captor	trust	captor
referendum	anger	referéndum
referendum	anticipation	de referéndum
referendum	disgust	de referéndum
referendum	fear	de referéndum
referendum	joy	referéndum
referendum	negative	de referéndum
referendum	positive	de referéndum
referendum	sadness	de referéndum
referendum	surprise	referéndum
referendum	trust	de referéndum
burglar	anger	burglar
burglar	anticipation	burglar
burglar	disgust	burglar
burglar	fear	burglar
burglar	joy	burglar
burglar	negative	burglar
burglar	positive	burglar
burglar	sadness	burglar
burglar	surprise	burglar
burglar	trust	burglar
visitor	anger	visitante
visitor	anticipation	de visitante
visitor	disgust	de visitante
visitor	fear	de visitante
visitor	joy	visitante
visitor	negative	de visitante
visitor	positive	de visitante
visitor	sadness	de visitante
visitor	surprise	muñeca
visitor	trust	de muñeca
doll	anger	de visitante
doll	anticipation	de visitante
doll	disgust	muñeca
doll	fear	de muñeca
doll	joy	de muñeca
doll	negative	de muñeca
doll	positive	muñeca
doll	sadness	de muñeca
doll	surprise	de muñeca
doll	trust	de muñeca
brow	anger	brow
brow	anticipation	brow
brow	disgust	brow
brow	fear	brow
brow	joy	brow
brow	negative	brow
brow	positive	brow
brow	sadness	brow
brow	surprise	brow
brow	trust	brow
facilitate	anger	facilita
facilitate	anticipation	facilitar
facilitate	disgust	facilitar
facilitate	fear	facilitar
facilitate	joy	facilitar
facilitate	negative	facilitar
facilitate	positive	facilitar
facilitate	sadness	facilitar
facilitate	surprise	facilitar
facilitate	trust	facilitar
annihilate	anger	aniquilar
annihilate	anticipation	aniquilar
annihilate	disgust	aniquilar
annihilate	fear	aniquilar
annihilate	joy	aniquilar
annihilate	negative	aniquilar
annihilate	positive	aniquilar
annihilate	sadness	aniquilar
annihilate	surprise	aniquilar
annihilate	trust	aniquilar
crib	anger	cuna
crib	anticipation	de cuna
crib	disgust	de cuna
crib	fear	de cuna
crib	joy	cuna
crib	negative	de cuna
crib	positive	de cuna
crib	sadness	de cuna
crib	surprise	cuna
crib	trust	de cuna
benefactor	anger	benefactor
benefactor	anticipation	benefactor
benefactor	disgust	benefactor
benefactor	fear	benefactor
benefactor	joy	benefactor
benefactor	negative	benefactor
benefactor	positive	benefactor
benefactor	sadness	benefactor
benefactor	surprise	benefactor
benefactor	trust	benefactor
sight	anger	vista
sight	anticipation	de vista
sight	disgust	de vista
sight	fear	de vista
sight	joy	vista
sight	negative	de vista
sight	positive	de vista
sight	sadness	de vista
sight	surprise	vista
sight	trust	de vista
dermatologist	anger	dermatologist
dermatologist	anticipation	dermatologist
dermatologist	disgust	dermatologist
dermatologist	fear	dermatologist
dermatologist	joy	dermatologist
dermatologist	negative	dermatologist
dermatologist	positive	dermatologist
dermatologist	sadness	dermatologist
dermatologist	surprise	dermatologist
dermatologist	trust	dermatologist
religion	anger	religión
religion	anticipation	de religión
religion	disgust	de religión
religion	fear	de religión
religion	joy	religión
religion	negative	de religión
religion	positive	de religión
religion	sadness	de religión
religion	surprise	atrofia
religion	trust	de atrofia
atrophy	anger	de religión
atrophy	anticipation	de religión
atrophy	disgust	atrofia
atrophy	fear	de atrofia
atrophy	joy	de atrofia
atrophy	negative	de atrofia
atrophy	positive	atrofia
atrophy	sadness	de atrofia
atrophy	surprise	de atrofia
atrophy	trust	de atrofia
outrageous	anger	indignante
outrageous	anticipation	indignante
outrageous	disgust	indignante
outrageous	fear	indignante
outrageous	joy	indignante
outrageous	negative	indignante
outrageous	positive	indignante
outrageous	sadness	señor
outrageous	surprise	de señor
outrageous	trust	indignante
gentleman	anger	indignante
gentleman	anticipation	indignante
gentleman	disgust	señor
gentleman	fear	de señor
gentleman	joy	de señor
gentleman	negative	de señor
gentleman	positive	señor
gentleman	sadness	de señor
gentleman	surprise	de señor
gentleman	trust	de señor
brisk	anger	brisk
brisk	anticipation	brisk
brisk	disgust	brisk
brisk	fear	brisk
brisk	joy	brisk
brisk	negative	brisk
brisk	positive	brisk
brisk	sadness	brisk
brisk	surprise	brisk
brisk	trust	brisk
protected	anger	protegió
protected	anticipation	protegido
protected	disgust	protegió
protected	fear	protegido
protected	joy	protegió
protected	negative	protegido
protected	positive	protegió
protected	sadness	protegido
protected	surprise	protegió
protected	trust	párpado
lid	anger	de párpado
lid	anticipation	de párpado
lid	disgust	protegido
lid	fear	párpado
lid	joy	de párpado
lid	negative	de párpado
lid	positive	de párpado
lid	sadness	párpado
lid	surprise	de párpado
lid	trust	del párpado
lateness	anger	lateness
lateness	anticipation	lateness
lateness	disgust	lateness
lateness	fear	lateness
lateness	joy	lateness
lateness	negative	lateness
lateness	positive	lateness
lateness	sadness	lateness
lateness	surprise	lateness
lateness	trust	lateness
cabinet	anger	gabinete
cabinet	anticipation	de gabinete
cabinet	disgust	de gabinete
cabinet	fear	de gabinete
cabinet	joy	gabinete
cabinet	negative	de gabinete
cabinet	positive	de gabinete
cabinet	sadness	de gabinete
cabinet	surprise	gabinete
cabinet	trust	de gabinete
antisocial	anger	antisocial
antisocial	anticipation	antisocial
antisocial	disgust	antisocial
antisocial	fear	antisocial
antisocial	joy	antisocial
antisocial	negative	antisocial
antisocial	positive	antisocial
antisocial	sadness	opresión
antisocial	surprise	de opresión
antisocial	trust	antisocial
oppression	anger	antisocial
oppression	anticipation	antisocial
oppression	disgust	opresión
oppression	fear	de opresión
oppression	joy	de opresión
oppression	negative	de opresión
oppression	positive	opresión
oppression	sadness	de opresión
oppression	surprise	de opresión
oppression	trust	de opresión
perfect	anger	perfecciona
perfect	anticipation	perfecta
perfect	disgust	perfecto
perfect	fear	perfecto
perfect	joy	perfecto
perfect	negative	perfecto
perfect	positive	perfecto
perfect	sadness	perfecto
perfect	surprise	perfecto
perfect	trust	perfecto
banger	anger	banger
banger	anticipation	banger
banger	disgust	banger
banger	fear	banger
banger	joy	banger
banger	negative	banger
banger	positive	banger
banger	sadness	banger
banger	surprise	banger
banger	trust	banger
mend	anger	mend
mend	anticipation	mend
mend	disgust	mend
mend	fear	mend
mend	joy	mend
mend	negative	mend
mend	positive	mend
mend	sadness	mend
mend	surprise	mend
mend	trust	mend
coexisting	anger	coexisting
coexisting	anticipation	coexisting
coexisting	disgust	coexisting
coexisting	fear	coexisting
coexisting	joy	coexisting
coexisting	negative	coexisting
coexisting	positive	coexisting
coexisting	sadness	coexisting
coexisting	surprise	coexisting
coexisting	trust	coexisting
unworthy	anger	indigno
unworthy	anticipation	indigno
unworthy	disgust	indigno
unworthy	fear	indigno
unworthy	joy	indigno
unworthy	negative	indigno
unworthy	positive	indigno
unworthy	sadness	indigno
unworthy	surprise	indigno
unworthy	trust	indigno
stratus	anger	stratus
stratus	anticipation	stratus
stratus	disgust	stratus
stratus	fear	stratus
stratus	joy	stratus
stratus	negative	stratus
stratus	positive	stratus
stratus	sadness	stratus
stratus	surprise	stratus
stratus	trust	stratus
birth	anger	nacimiento
birth	anticipation	de nacimiento
birth	disgust	de nacimiento
birth	fear	de nacimiento
birth	joy	nacimiento
birth	negative	de nacimiento
birth	positive	de nacimiento
birth	sadness	de nacimiento
birth	surprise	nacimiento
birth	trust	de nacimiento
heaviness	anger	heaviness
heaviness	anticipation	heaviness
heaviness	disgust	heaviness
heaviness	fear	heaviness
heaviness	joy	heaviness
heaviness	negative	heaviness
heaviness	positive	heaviness
heaviness	sadness	heaviness
heaviness	surprise	heaviness
heaviness	trust	heaviness
boyish	anger	boyish
boyish	anticipation	boyish
boyish	disgust	boyish
boyish	fear	boyish
boyish	joy	boyish
boyish	negative	boyish
boyish	positive	boyish
boyish	sadness	boyish
boyish	surprise	boyish
boyish	trust	boyish
illusion	anger	ilusión
illusion	anticipation	de ilusión
illusion	disgust	de ilusión
illusion	fear	de ilusión
illusion	joy	ilusión
illusion	negative	de ilusión
illusion	positive	de ilusión
illusion	sadness	de ilusión
illusion	surprise	ilusión
illusion	trust	de ilusión
punt	anger	punt
punt	anticipation	punt
punt	disgust	punt
punt	fear	punt
punt	joy	punt
punt	negative	punt
punt	positive	punt
punt	sadness	punt
punt	surprise	punt
punt	trust	punt
grinder	anger	molinillo
grinder	anticipation	de molinillo
grinder	disgust	de molinillo
grinder	fear	de molinillo
grinder	joy	molinillo
grinder	negative	de molinillo
grinder	positive	de molinillo
grinder	sadness	de molinillo
grinder	surprise	molinillo
grinder	trust	de molinillo
sardonic	anger	sardonic
sardonic	anticipation	sardonic
sardonic	disgust	sardonic
sardonic	fear	sardonic
sardonic	joy	sardonic
sardonic	negative	sardonic
sardonic	positive	sardonic
sardonic	sadness	sardonic
sardonic	surprise	sardonic
sardonic	trust	sardonic
sailor	anger	marinero
sailor	anticipation	de marinero
sailor	disgust	de marinero
sailor	fear	de marinero
sailor	joy	marinero
sailor	negative	de marinero
sailor	positive	de marinero
sailor	sadness	de marinero
sailor	surprise	transgresión
sailor	trust	de transgresión
transgression	anger	de marinero
transgression	anticipation	de marinero
transgression	disgust	transgresión
transgression	fear	de transgresión
transgression	joy	de transgresión
transgression	negative	de transgresión
transgression	positive	transgresión
transgression	sadness	de transgresión
transgression	surprise	de transgresión
transgression	trust	de transgresión
rivet	anger	ribete
rivet	anticipation	de ribete
rivet	disgust	de ribete
rivet	fear	de ribete
rivet	joy	ribete
rivet	negative	de ribete
rivet	positive	de ribete
rivet	sadness	de ribete
rivet	surprise	ostra
rivet	trust	de ostra
oyster	anger	de ribete
oyster	anticipation	de ribete
oyster	disgust	ostra
oyster	fear	de ostra
oyster	joy	de ostra
oyster	negative	de ostra
oyster	positive	ostra
oyster	sadness	de ostra
oyster	surprise	de ostra
oyster	trust	de ostra
intercom	anger	intercom
intercom	anticipation	intercom
intercom	disgust	intercom
intercom	fear	intercom
intercom	joy	intercom
intercom	negative	intercom
intercom	positive	intercom
intercom	sadness	intercom
intercom	surprise	intercom
intercom	trust	intercom
shameless	anger	desvergonzado
shameless	anticipation	desvergonzado
shameless	disgust	desvergonzado
shameless	fear	desvergonzado
shameless	joy	desvergonzado
shameless	negative	desvergonzado
shameless	positive	desvergonzado
shameless	sadness	desvergonzado
shameless	surprise	desvergonzado
shameless	trust	desvergonzado
divulge	anger	divulgar
divulge	anticipation	divulgar
divulge	disgust	divulgar
divulge	fear	divulgar
divulge	joy	divulgar
divulge	negative	divulgar
divulge	positive	divulgar
divulge	sadness	divulgar
divulge	surprise	divulgar
divulge	trust	divulgar
grumpy	anger	gruñón
grumpy	anticipation	gruñón
grumpy	disgust	gruñón
grumpy	fear	gruñón
grumpy	joy	gruñón
grumpy	negative	gruñón
grumpy	positive	gruñón
grumpy	sadness	gruñón
grumpy	surprise	gruñón
grumpy	trust	gruñón
bathymetry	anger	bathymetry
bathymetry	anticipation	bathymetry
bathymetry	disgust	bathymetry
bathymetry	fear	bathymetry
bathymetry	joy	bathymetry
bathymetry	negative	bathymetry
bathymetry	positive	bathymetry
bathymetry	sadness	bathymetry
bathymetry	surprise	bathymetry
bathymetry	trust	bathymetry
poetics	anger	poética
poetics	anticipation	de poética
poetics	disgust	de poética
poetics	fear	de poética
poetics	joy	poética
poetics	negative	de poética
poetics	positive	de poética
poetics	sadness	de poética
poetics	surprise	poética
poetics	trust	de poética
monotony	anger	monotony
monotony	anticipation	monotony
monotony	disgust	monotony
monotony	fear	monotony
monotony	joy	monotony
monotony	negative	monotony
monotony	positive	monotony
monotony	sadness	monotony
monotony	surprise	monotony
monotony	trust	monotony
yesteryear	anger	yesteryear
yesteryear	anticipation	yesteryear
yesteryear	disgust	yesteryear
yesteryear	fear	yesteryear
yesteryear	joy	yesteryear
yesteryear	negative	yesteryear
yesteryear	positive	yesteryear
yesteryear	sadness	yesteryear
yesteryear	surprise	yesteryear
yesteryear	trust	yesteryear
realty	anger	realty
realty	anticipation	realty
realty	disgust	realty
realty	fear	realty
realty	joy	realty
realty	negative	realty
realty	positive	realty
realty	sadness	realty
realty	surprise	realty
realty	trust	realty
severally	anger	severally
severally	anticipation	severally
severally	disgust	severally
severally	fear	severally
severally	joy	severally
severally	negative	severally
severally	positive	severally
severally	sadness	severally
severally	surprise	severally
severally	trust	severally
vaccine	anger	vacuna
vaccine	anticipation	de vacuna
vaccine	disgust	de vacuna
vaccine	fear	de vacuna
vaccine	joy	vacuna
vaccine	negative	de vacuna
vaccine	positive	de vacuna
vaccine	sadness	de vacuna
vaccine	surprise	vacuna
vaccine	trust	de vacuna
transit	anger	transit
transit	anticipation	transit
transit	disgust	transit
transit	fear	transit
transit	joy	transit
transit	negative	transit
transit	positive	transit
transit	sadness	transit
transit	surprise	transit
transit	trust	transit
hedonism	anger	hedonism
hedonism	anticipation	hedonism
hedonism	disgust	hedonism
hedonism	fear	hedonism
hedonism	joy	hedonism
hedonism	negative	hedonism
hedonism	positive	hedonism
hedonism	sadness	hedonism
hedonism	surprise	hedonism
hedonism	trust	hedonism
spouse	anger	cónyuge
spouse	anticipation	de cónyuge
spouse	disgust	de cónyuge
spouse	fear	de cónyuge
spouse	joy	cónyuge
spouse	negative	de cónyuge
spouse	positive	de cónyuge
spouse	sadness	de cónyuge
spouse	surprise	cónyuge
spouse	trust	de cónyuge
obliterate	anger	obliterate
obliterate	anticipation	obliterate
obliterate	disgust	obliterate
obliterate	fear	obliterate
obliterate	joy	obliterate
obliterate	negative	obliterate
obliterate	positive	obliterate
obliterate	sadness	obliterate
obliterate	surprise	obliterate
obliterate	trust	obliterate
grub	anger	grub
grub	anticipation	
grub	disgust	grub
grub	fear	grub
grub	joy	grub
grub	negative	grub
grub	positive	grub
grub	sadness	grub
grub	surprise	grub
grub	trust	grub
swoon	anger	grub
swoon	anticipation	swoon swoon
swoon	disgust	swoon
swoon	fear	swoon
swoon	joy	swoon
swoon	negative	swoon
swoon	positive	swoon
swoon	sadness	swoon
swoon	surprise	swoon
swoon	trust	swoon
flashing	anger	centelleando
flashing	anticipation	centelleando
flashing	disgust	centelleando
flashing	fear	centelleando
flashing	joy	centelleando
flashing	negative	centelleando
flashing	positive	centelleando
flashing	sadness	centelleando
flashing	surprise	centelleando
flashing	trust	centelleando
vista	anger	vista
vista	anticipation	vista
vista	disgust	vista
vista	fear	vista
vista	joy	vista
vista	negative	vista
vista	positive	vista
vista	sadness	vista
vista	surprise	vista
vista	trust	vista
adherent	anger	partidario
adherent	anticipation	de partidario
adherent	disgust	de partidario
adherent	fear	de partidario
adherent	joy	partidario
adherent	negative	de partidario
adherent	positive	de partidario
adherent	sadness	de partidario
adherent	surprise	partidario
adherent	trust	de partidario
debacle	anger	debacle
debacle	anticipation	debacle
debacle	disgust	debacle
debacle	fear	debacle
debacle	joy	debacle
debacle	negative	debacle
debacle	positive	debacle
debacle	sadness	debacle
debacle	surprise	debacle
debacle	trust	debacle
attach	anger	sujeta
attach	anticipation	sujetar
attach	disgust	sujetar
attach	fear	sujetar
attach	joy	sujetar
attach	negative	sujetar
attach	positive	sujetar
attach	sadness	sujetar
attach	surprise	sujetar
attach	trust	sujetar
drinking	anger	bebiendo
drinking	anticipation	bebiendo
drinking	disgust	bebiendo
drinking	fear	bebiendo
drinking	joy	bebiendo
drinking	negative	bebiendo
drinking	positive	bebiendo
drinking	sadness	bebiendo
drinking	surprise	bebiendo
drinking	trust	bebiendo
gale	anger	vendaval
gale	anticipation	de vendaval
gale	disgust	de vendaval
gale	fear	de vendaval
gale	joy	vendaval
gale	negative	de vendaval
gale	positive	de vendaval
gale	sadness	de vendaval
gale	surprise	vendaval
gale	trust	de vendaval
regular	anger	regular
regular	anticipation	regular
regular	disgust	regular
regular	fear	regular
regular	joy	regular
regular	negative	regular
regular	positive	regular
regular	sadness	catapulta
regular	surprise	de catapulta
regular	trust	regular
catapult	anger	regular
catapult	anticipation	regular
catapult	disgust	catapulta
catapult	fear	de catapulta
catapult	joy	de catapulta
catapult	negative	de catapulta
catapult	positive	catapulta
catapult	sadness	de catapulta
catapult	surprise	de catapulta
catapult	trust	de catapulta
diligent	anger	diligente
diligent	anticipation	diligente
diligent	disgust	diligente
diligent	fear	diligente
diligent	joy	diligente
diligent	negative	diligente
diligent	positive	diligente
diligent	sadness	diligente
diligent	surprise	diligente
diligent	trust	diligente
pictorial	anger	pictórico
pictorial	anticipation	pictórico
pictorial	disgust	pictórico
pictorial	fear	pictórico
pictorial	joy	pictórico
pictorial	negative	pictórico
pictorial	positive	pictórico
pictorial	sadness	uranio
pictorial	surprise	de uranio
pictorial	trust	pictórico
uranium	anger	pictórico
uranium	anticipation	pictórico
uranium	disgust	uranio
uranium	fear	de uranio
uranium	joy	de uranio
uranium	negative	de uranio
uranium	positive	uranio
uranium	sadness	de uranio
uranium	surprise	de uranio
uranium	trust	de uranio
pellet	anger	pelotita
pellet	anticipation	de pelotita
pellet	disgust	de pelotita
pellet	fear	de pelotita
pellet	joy	pelotita
pellet	negative	de pelotita
pellet	positive	de pelotita
pellet	sadness	de pelotita
pellet	surprise	pelotita
pellet	trust	de pelotita
erotic	anger	erotic
erotic	anticipation	erotic
erotic	disgust	erotic
erotic	fear	erotic
erotic	joy	erotic
erotic	negative	erotic
erotic	positive	erotic
erotic	sadness	erotic
erotic	surprise	erotic
erotic	trust	erotic
autopsy	anger	autopsia
autopsy	anticipation	de autopsia
autopsy	disgust	de autopsia
autopsy	fear	de autopsia
autopsy	joy	autopsia
autopsy	negative	de autopsia
autopsy	positive	de autopsia
autopsy	sadness	de autopsia
autopsy	surprise	desigualdad
autopsy	trust	de desigualdad
inequality	anger	de autopsia
inequality	anticipation	de autopsia
inequality	disgust	desigualdad
inequality	fear	de desigualdad
inequality	joy	de desigualdad
inequality	negative	de desigualdad
inequality	positive	desigualdad
inequality	sadness	de desigualdad
inequality	surprise	de desigualdad
inequality	trust	de desigualdad
unfavorable	anger	unfavorable
unfavorable	anticipation	unfavorable
unfavorable	disgust	unfavorable
unfavorable	fear	unfavorable
unfavorable	joy	unfavorable
unfavorable	negative	unfavorable
unfavorable	positive	unfavorable
unfavorable	sadness	unfavorable
unfavorable	surprise	unfavorable
unfavorable	trust	unfavorable
wet	anger	moja
wet	anticipation	mojado
wet	disgust	mojado
wet	fear	mojado
wet	joy	mojado
wet	negative	mojado
wet	positive	mojado
wet	sadness	alivio
wet	surprise	de alivio
wet	trust	mojado
relief	anger	mojado
relief	anticipation	mojado
relief	disgust	alivio
relief	fear	de alivio
relief	joy	de alivio
relief	negative	de alivio
relief	positive	alivio
relief	sadness	de alivio
relief	surprise	de alivio
relief	trust	de alivio
brad	anger	brad
brad	anticipation	brad
brad	disgust	brad
brad	fear	brad
brad	joy	brad
brad	negative	brad
brad	positive	brad
brad	sadness	brad
brad	surprise	brad
brad	trust	brad
twisted	anger	torció
twisted	anticipation	torcido
twisted	disgust	torció
twisted	fear	torcido
twisted	joy	torció
twisted	negative	torcido
twisted	positive	torció
twisted	sadness	torcido
twisted	surprise	torció
twisted	trust	torcido
inefficiency	anger	inefficiency
inefficiency	anticipation	inefficiency
inefficiency	disgust	inefficiency
inefficiency	fear	inefficiency
inefficiency	joy	inefficiency
inefficiency	negative	inefficiency
inefficiency	positive	inefficiency
inefficiency	sadness	inefficiency
inefficiency	surprise	inefficiency
inefficiency	trust	inefficiency
tetanus	anger	tetanus
tetanus	anticipation	tetanus
tetanus	disgust	tetanus
tetanus	fear	tetanus
tetanus	joy	tetanus
tetanus	negative	tetanus
tetanus	positive	tetanus
tetanus	sadness	tetanus
tetanus	surprise	tetanus
tetanus	trust	tetanus
anxious	anger	ansioso
anxious	anticipation	ansioso
anxious	disgust	ansioso
anxious	fear	ansioso
anxious	joy	ansioso
anxious	negative	ansioso
anxious	positive	ansioso
anxious	sadness	ansioso
anxious	surprise	ansioso
anxious	trust	ansioso
omnibus	anger	omnibus
omnibus	anticipation	omnibus
omnibus	disgust	omnibus
omnibus	fear	omnibus
omnibus	joy	omnibus
omnibus	negative	omnibus
omnibus	positive	omnibus
omnibus	sadness	omnibus
omnibus	surprise	omnibus
omnibus	trust	omnibus
telegraph	anger	telégrafo
telegraph	anticipation	de telégrafo
telegraph	disgust	de telégrafo
telegraph	fear	de telégrafo
telegraph	joy	telégrafo
telegraph	negative	de telégrafo
telegraph	positive	de telégrafo
telegraph	sadness	de telégrafo
telegraph	surprise	telégrafo
telegraph	trust	de telégrafo
permissive	anger	permissive
permissive	anticipation	permissive
permissive	disgust	permissive
permissive	fear	permissive
permissive	joy	permissive
permissive	negative	permissive
permissive	positive	permissive
permissive	sadness	permissive
permissive	surprise	permissive
permissive	trust	permissive
accommodation	anger	alojamiento
accommodation	anticipation	de alojamiento
accommodation	disgust	de alojamiento
accommodation	fear	de alojamiento
accommodation	joy	alojamiento
accommodation	negative	de alojamiento
accommodation	positive	de alojamiento
accommodation	sadness	de alojamiento
accommodation	surprise	vertederos
accommodation	trust	de alojamiento
dumps	anger	del alojamiento
dumps	anticipation	vierte
dumps	disgust	los vertederos
dumps	fear	vierte
dumps	joy	los vertederos
dumps	negative	vierte
dumps	positive	los vertederos
dumps	sadness	vierte
dumps	surprise	los vertederos
dumps	trust	vierte
overhaul	anger	revisión
overhaul	anticipation	de revisión
overhaul	disgust	de revisión
overhaul	fear	de revisión
overhaul	joy	revisión
overhaul	negative	de revisión
overhaul	positive	de revisión
overhaul	sadness	de revisión
overhaul	surprise	diseminación
overhaul	trust	de diseminación
dissemination	anger	de revisión
dissemination	anticipation	de revisión
dissemination	disgust	diseminación
dissemination	fear	de diseminación
dissemination	joy	de diseminación
dissemination	negative	de diseminación
dissemination	positive	diseminación
dissemination	sadness	de diseminación
dissemination	surprise	de diseminación
dissemination	trust	de diseminación
superstition	anger	superstición
superstition	anticipation	de superstición
superstition	disgust	de superstición
superstition	fear	de superstición
superstition	joy	superstición
superstition	negative	de superstición
superstition	positive	de superstición
superstition	sadness	de superstición
superstition	surprise	superstición
superstition	trust	de superstición
monolayer	anger	monolayer
monolayer	anticipation	monolayer
monolayer	disgust	monolayer
monolayer	fear	monolayer
monolayer	joy	monolayer
monolayer	negative	monolayer
monolayer	positive	monolayer
monolayer	sadness	monolayer
monolayer	surprise	monolayer
monolayer	trust	monolayer
eventual	anger	eventual
eventual	anticipation	eventual
eventual	disgust	eventual
eventual	fear	eventual
eventual	joy	eventual
eventual	negative	eventual
eventual	positive	eventual
eventual	sadness	eventual
eventual	surprise	eventual
eventual	trust	eventual
prospectus	anger	prospectus
prospectus	anticipation	prospectus
prospectus	disgust	prospectus
prospectus	fear	prospectus
prospectus	joy	prospectus
prospectus	negative	prospectus
prospectus	positive	prospectus
prospectus	sadness	prospectus
prospectus	surprise	prospectus
prospectus	trust	prospectus
object	anger	objeto
object	anticipation	de objeto
object	disgust	de objeto
object	fear	de objeto
object	joy	objeto
object	negative	de objeto
object	positive	de objeto
object	sadness	de objeto
object	surprise	objeto
object	trust	de objeto
deploy	anger	despliega
deploy	anticipation	desplegar
deploy	disgust	desplegar
deploy	fear	desplegar
deploy	joy	desplegar
deploy	negative	desplegar
deploy	positive	desplegar
deploy	sadness	desplegar
deploy	surprise	desplegar
deploy	trust	desplegar
invent	anger	inventar
invent	anticipation	inventar
invent	disgust	inventar
invent	fear	inventar
invent	joy	inventar
invent	negative	inventar
invent	positive	inventar
invent	sadness	inventar
invent	surprise	inventar
invent	trust	inventar
reconstitution	anger	reconstitution
reconstitution	anticipation	reconstitution
reconstitution	disgust	reconstitution
reconstitution	fear	reconstitution
reconstitution	joy	reconstitution
reconstitution	negative	reconstitution
reconstitution	positive	reconstitution
reconstitution	sadness	reconstitution
reconstitution	surprise	reconstitution
reconstitution	trust	reconstitution
pinch	anger	pizca
pinch	anticipation	de pizca
pinch	disgust	de pizca
pinch	fear	de pizca
pinch	joy	pizca
pinch	negative	de pizca
pinch	positive	de pizca
pinch	sadness	de pizca
pinch	surprise	pizca
pinch	trust	de pizca
reticent	anger	reticent
reticent	anticipation	reticent
reticent	disgust	reticent
reticent	fear	reticent
reticent	joy	reticent
reticent	negative	reticent
reticent	positive	reticent
reticent	sadness	reticent
reticent	surprise	reticent
reticent	trust	reticent
flustered	anger	flustered
flustered	anticipation	flustered
flustered	disgust	flustered
flustered	fear	flustered
flustered	joy	flustered
flustered	negative	flustered
flustered	positive	flustered
flustered	sadness	flustered
flustered	surprise	flustered
flustered	trust	flustered
woe	anger	woe
woe	anticipation	woe
woe	disgust	woe
woe	fear	woe
woe	joy	woe
woe	negative	woe
woe	positive	woe
woe	sadness	woe
woe	surprise	woe
woe	trust	woe
bitumen	anger	betún
bitumen	anticipation	de betún
bitumen	disgust	de betún
bitumen	fear	de betún
bitumen	joy	betún
bitumen	negative	de betún
bitumen	positive	de betún
bitumen	sadness	de betún
bitumen	surprise	jade
bitumen	trust	de jade
jade	anger	de betún
jade	anticipation	de betún
jade	disgust	jade
jade	fear	de jade
jade	joy	de jade
jade	negative	de jade
jade	positive	jade
jade	sadness	de jade
jade	surprise	de jade
jade	trust	de jade
simulation	anger	simulacro
simulation	anticipation	de simulacro
simulation	disgust	de simulacro
simulation	fear	de simulacro
simulation	joy	simulacro
simulation	negative	de simulacro
simulation	positive	de simulacro
simulation	sadness	de simulacro
simulation	surprise	simulacro
simulation	trust	de simulacro
dissuade	anger	dissuade
dissuade	anticipation	dissuade
dissuade	disgust	dissuade
dissuade	fear	dissuade
dissuade	joy	dissuade
dissuade	negative	dissuade
dissuade	positive	dissuade
dissuade	sadness	dissuade
dissuade	surprise	dissuade
dissuade	trust	dissuade
copious	anger	copious
copious	anticipation	copious
copious	disgust	copious
copious	fear	copious
copious	joy	copious
copious	negative	copious
copious	positive	copious
copious	sadness	copious
copious	surprise	copious
copious	trust	copious
barometer	anger	barómetro
barometer	anticipation	de barómetro
barometer	disgust	de barómetro
barometer	fear	de barómetro
barometer	joy	barómetro
barometer	negative	de barómetro
barometer	positive	de barómetro
barometer	sadness	de barómetro
barometer	surprise	teísmo
barometer	trust	de teísmo
theism	anger	de barómetro
theism	anticipation	de barómetro
theism	disgust	teísmo
theism	fear	de teísmo
theism	joy	de teísmo
theism	negative	de teísmo
theism	positive	teísmo
theism	sadness	de teísmo
theism	surprise	de teísmo
theism	trust	de teísmo
figurine	anger	figurine
figurine	anticipation	figurine
figurine	disgust	figurine
figurine	fear	figurine
figurine	joy	figurine
figurine	negative	figurine
figurine	positive	figurine
figurine	sadness	figurine
figurine	surprise	figurine
figurine	trust	figurine
adapt	anger	adapta
adapt	anticipation	adaptar
adapt	disgust	adaptar
adapt	fear	adaptar
adapt	joy	adaptar
adapt	negative	adaptar
adapt	positive	adaptar
adapt	sadness	adaptar
adapt	surprise	adaptar
adapt	trust	adaptar
unaware	anger	inconsciente
unaware	anticipation	inconsciente
unaware	disgust	inconsciente
unaware	fear	inconsciente
unaware	joy	inconsciente
unaware	negative	inconsciente
unaware	positive	inconsciente
unaware	sadness	registro
unaware	surprise	de registro
unaware	trust	inconsciente
register	anger	inconsciente
register	anticipation	inconsciente
register	disgust	registro
register	fear	de registro
register	joy	de registro
register	negative	de registro
register	positive	registro
register	sadness	de registro
register	surprise	de registro
register	trust	de registro
brilliant	anger	brillante
brilliant	anticipation	brillante
brilliant	disgust	brillante
brilliant	fear	brillante
brilliant	joy	brillante
brilliant	negative	brillante
brilliant	positive	brillante
brilliant	sadness	brillante
brilliant	surprise	brillante
brilliant	trust	brillante
adipose	anger	adiposo
adipose	anticipation	adiposo
adipose	disgust	adiposo
adipose	fear	adiposo
adipose	joy	adiposo
adipose	negative	adiposo
adipose	positive	adiposo
adipose	sadness	recomendación
adipose	surprise	de recomendación
adipose	trust	adiposa
recommendation	anger	adiposa
recommendation	anticipation	adiposa
recommendation	disgust	recomendación
recommendation	fear	de recomendación
recommendation	joy	de recomendación
recommendation	negative	de recomendación
recommendation	positive	recomendación
recommendation	sadness	de recomendación
recommendation	surprise	de recomendación
recommendation	trust	de recomendación
coroner	anger	coroner
coroner	anticipation	coroner
coroner	disgust	coroner
coroner	fear	coroner
coroner	joy	coroner
coroner	negative	coroner
coroner	positive	coroner
coroner	sadness	coroner
coroner	surprise	coroner
coroner	trust	coroner
asterisk	anger	asterisco
asterisk	anticipation	de asterisco
asterisk	disgust	de asterisco
asterisk	fear	de asterisco
asterisk	joy	asterisco
asterisk	negative	de asterisco
asterisk	positive	de asterisco
asterisk	sadness	de asterisco
asterisk	surprise	asterisco
asterisk	trust	de asterisco que
restoring	anger	restaura
restoring	anticipation	restaurando
restoring	disgust	restaurando
restoring	fear	restaurando
restoring	joy	restaurando
restoring	negative	restaurando
restoring	positive	restaurando
restoring	sadness	restaurando
restoring	surprise	restaurando
restoring	trust	restaurando
zeppelin	anger	zeppelin
zeppelin	anticipation	zeppelin
zeppelin	disgust	zeppelin
zeppelin	fear	zeppelin
zeppelin	joy	zeppelin
zeppelin	negative	zeppelin
zeppelin	positive	zeppelin
zeppelin	sadness	zeppelin
zeppelin	surprise	zeppelin
zeppelin	trust	zeppelin
mania	anger	manía
mania	anticipation	de manía
mania	disgust	de manía
mania	fear	de manía
mania	joy	manía
mania	negative	de manía
mania	positive	de manía
mania	sadness	de manía
mania	surprise	plato
mania	trust	de plato
dish	anger	de manía
dish	anticipation	de manía
dish	disgust	plato
dish	fear	de plato
dish	joy	de plato
dish	negative	de plato
dish	positive	plato
dish	sadness	de plato
dish	surprise	de plato
dish	trust	de plato
tree	anger	árbol
tree	anticipation	de árbol
tree	disgust	de árbol
tree	fear	de árbol
tree	joy	árbol
tree	negative	de árbol
tree	positive	de árbol
tree	sadness	de árbol
tree	surprise	emperador
tree	trust	de emperador
emperor	anger	de árbol
emperor	anticipation	de árbol
emperor	disgust	emperador
emperor	fear	de emperador
emperor	joy	de emperador
emperor	negative	de emperador
emperor	positive	emperador
emperor	sadness	de emperador
emperor	surprise	de emperador
emperor	trust	de emperador
relic	anger	relic
relic	anticipation	relic
relic	disgust	relic
relic	fear	relic
relic	joy	relic
relic	negative	relic
relic	positive	relic
relic	sadness	relic
relic	surprise	relic
relic	trust	relic
premature	anger	prematuro
premature	anticipation	prematuro
premature	disgust	prematuro
premature	fear	prematuro
premature	joy	prematuro
premature	negative	prematuro
premature	positive	prematuro
premature	sadness	prematuro
premature	surprise	prematuro
premature	trust	prematuro
forgery	anger	forgery
forgery	anticipation	forgery
forgery	disgust	forgery
forgery	fear	forgery
forgery	joy	forgery
forgery	negative	forgery
forgery	positive	forgery
forgery	sadness	forgery
forgery	surprise	forgery
forgery	trust	forgery
dismay	anger	desanima
dismay	anticipation	desanimar
dismay	disgust	desanimar
dismay	fear	desanimar
dismay	joy	desanimar
dismay	negative	desanimar
dismay	positive	desanimar
dismay	sadness	desanimar
dismay	surprise	desanimar
dismay	trust	desanimar
mortality	anger	mortalidad
mortality	anticipation	de mortalidad
mortality	disgust	de mortalidad
mortality	fear	de mortalidad
mortality	joy	mortalidad
mortality	negative	de mortalidad
mortality	positive	de mortalidad
mortality	sadness	de mortalidad
mortality	surprise	mortalidad
mortality	trust	de mortalidad
caption	anger	caption
caption	anticipation	caption
caption	disgust	caption
caption	fear	caption
caption	joy	caption
caption	negative	caption
caption	positive	caption
caption	sadness	caption
caption	surprise	caption
caption	trust	caption
legume	anger	legume
legume	anticipation	legume
legume	disgust	legume
legume	fear	legume
legume	joy	legume
legume	negative	legume
legume	positive	legume
legume	sadness	legume
legume	surprise	legume
legume	trust	legume
undesired	anger	undesired
undesired	anticipation	undesired
undesired	disgust	undesired
undesired	fear	undesired
undesired	joy	undesired
undesired	negative	undesired
undesired	positive	undesired
undesired	sadness	undesired
undesired	surprise	undesired
undesired	trust	undesired
govern	anger	gobierna
govern	anticipation	gobernar
govern	disgust	gobernar
govern	fear	gobernar
govern	joy	gobernar
govern	negative	gobernar
govern	positive	gobernar
govern	sadness	gobernar
govern	surprise	gobernar
govern	trust	gobernar
liquidation	anger	liquidación
liquidation	anticipation	de liquidación
liquidation	disgust	de liquidación
liquidation	fear	de liquidación
liquidation	joy	liquidación
liquidation	negative	de liquidación
liquidation	positive	de liquidación
liquidation	sadness	de liquidación
liquidation	surprise	liquidación
liquidation	trust	de liquidación que
discriminating	anger	discrimina
discriminating	anticipation	discriminando
discriminating	disgust	discriminando
discriminating	fear	discriminando
discriminating	joy	discriminando
discriminating	negative	discriminando
discriminating	positive	discriminando
discriminating	sadness	discriminando
discriminating	surprise	discriminando
discriminating	trust	discriminando
defy	anger	desafía
defy	anticipation	desafiar
defy	disgust	desafiar
defy	fear	desafiar
defy	joy	desafiar
defy	negative	desafiar
defy	positive	desafiar
defy	sadness	desafiar
defy	surprise	desafiar
defy	trust	desafiar
faithless	anger	descreído
faithless	anticipation	descreído
faithless	disgust	descreído
faithless	fear	descreído
faithless	joy	descreído
faithless	negative	descreído
faithless	positive	descreído
faithless	sadness	ruta
faithless	surprise	de ruta
faithless	trust	descreída
route	anger	descreída
route	anticipation	descreída
route	disgust	ruta
route	fear	de ruta
route	joy	de ruta
route	negative	de ruta
route	positive	ruta
route	sadness	de ruta
route	surprise	de ruta
route	trust	de ruta
oblivious	anger	oblivious
oblivious	anticipation	oblivious
oblivious	disgust	oblivious
oblivious	fear	oblivious
oblivious	joy	oblivious
oblivious	negative	oblivious
oblivious	positive	oblivious
oblivious	sadness	oblivious
oblivious	surprise	oblivious
oblivious	trust	oblivious
nascent	anger	nascent
nascent	anticipation	nascent
nascent	disgust	nascent
nascent	fear	nascent
nascent	joy	nascent
nascent	negative	nascent
nascent	positive	nascent
nascent	sadness	nascent
nascent	surprise	nascent
nascent	trust	nascent
disease	anger	enfermedad
disease	anticipation	de enfermedad
disease	disgust	de enfermedad
disease	fear	de enfermedad
disease	joy	enfermedad
disease	negative	de enfermedad
disease	positive	de enfermedad
disease	sadness	de enfermedad
disease	surprise	recombinación
disease	trust	de recombinación
recombination	anger	de enfermedad
recombination	anticipation	de enfermedad
recombination	disgust	recombinación
recombination	fear	de recombinación
recombination	joy	de recombinación
recombination	negative	de recombinación
recombination	positive	recombinación
recombination	sadness	de recombinación
recombination	surprise	de recombinación
recombination	trust	de recombinación
baffle	anger	desconcierta
baffle	anticipation	desconcertar
baffle	disgust	desconcertar
baffle	fear	desconcertar
baffle	joy	desconcertar
baffle	negative	desconcertar
baffle	positive	desconcertar
baffle	sadness	desconcertar
baffle	surprise	desconcertar
baffle	trust	desconcertar
cobbler	anger	cobbler
cobbler	anticipation	cobbler
cobbler	disgust	cobbler
cobbler	fear	cobbler
cobbler	joy	cobbler
cobbler	negative	cobbler
cobbler	positive	cobbler
cobbler	sadness	cobbler
cobbler	surprise	cobbler
cobbler	trust	cobbler
harassing	anger	acosando
harassing	anticipation	acosando
harassing	disgust	acosando
harassing	fear	acosando
harassing	joy	acosando
harassing	negative	acosando
harassing	positive	acosando
harassing	sadness	acosando
harassing	surprise	acosando
harassing	trust	acosando
revisit	anger	revisit
revisit	anticipation	revisit
revisit	disgust	revisit
revisit	fear	revisit
revisit	joy	revisit
revisit	negative	revisit
revisit	positive	revisit
revisit	sadness	revisit
revisit	surprise	revisit
revisit	trust	revisit
thunder	anger	trueno
thunder	anticipation	de trueno
thunder	disgust	de trueno
thunder	fear	de trueno
thunder	joy	trueno
thunder	negative	de trueno
thunder	positive	de trueno
thunder	sadness	de trueno
thunder	surprise	trueno
thunder	trust	de trueno
stole	anger	robó
stole	anticipation	robó
stole	disgust	robó
stole	fear	robó
stole	joy	robó
stole	negative	robó
stole	positive	robó
stole	sadness	robó
stole	surprise	robó
stole	trust	robó
unbelievable	anger	unbelievable
unbelievable	anticipation	unbelievable
unbelievable	disgust	unbelievable
unbelievable	fear	unbelievable
unbelievable	joy	unbelievable
unbelievable	negative	unbelievable
unbelievable	positive	unbelievable
unbelievable	sadness	unbelievable
unbelievable	surprise	unbelievable
unbelievable	trust	unbelievable
accused	anger	acusó
accused	anticipation	acusado
accused	disgust	acusó
accused	fear	acusado
accused	joy	acusó
accused	negative	acusado
accused	positive	acusó
accused	sadness	acusado
accused	surprise	acusó
accused	trust	palomo
pigeon	anger	de palomo
pigeon	anticipation	de palomo
pigeon	disgust	acusado
pigeon	fear	palomo
pigeon	joy	de palomo
pigeon	negative	de palomo
pigeon	positive	de palomo
pigeon	sadness	palomo
pigeon	surprise	de palomo
pigeon	trust	del palomo
androgen	anger	androgen
androgen	anticipation	androgen
androgen	disgust	androgen
androgen	fear	androgen
androgen	joy	androgen
androgen	negative	androgen
androgen	positive	androgen
androgen	sadness	androgen
androgen	surprise	androgen
androgen	trust	androgen
bad	anger	malo
bad	anticipation	malo
bad	disgust	malo
bad	fear	malo
bad	joy	malo
bad	negative	malo
bad	positive	malo
bad	sadness	malo
bad	surprise	malo
bad	trust	malo
skirmish	anger	skirmish
skirmish	anticipation	skirmish
skirmish	disgust	skirmish
skirmish	fear	skirmish
skirmish	joy	skirmish
skirmish	negative	skirmish
skirmish	positive	skirmish
skirmish	sadness	skirmish
skirmish	surprise	skirmish
skirmish	trust	skirmish
occasion	anger	ocasión
occasion	anticipation	de ocasión
occasion	disgust	de ocasión
occasion	fear	de ocasión
occasion	joy	ocasión
occasion	negative	de ocasión
occasion	positive	de ocasión
occasion	sadness	de ocasión
occasion	surprise	cenizas
occasion	trust	de cenizas
ashes	anger	de ocasión
ashes	anticipation	de ocasión
ashes	disgust	cenizas
ashes	fear	de cenizas
ashes	joy	de cenizas
ashes	negative	de cenizas
ashes	positive	cenizas
ashes	sadness	de cenizas
ashes	surprise	de cenizas
ashes	trust	de cenizas
withal	anger	withal
withal	anticipation	withal
withal	disgust	withal
withal	fear	withal
withal	joy	withal
withal	negative	withal
withal	positive	withal
withal	sadness	withal
withal	surprise	withal
withal	trust	withal
dodge	anger	dodge
dodge	anticipation	
dodge	disgust	dodge
dodge	fear	dodge
dodge	joy	dodge
dodge	negative	dodge
dodge	positive	dodge
dodge	sadness	dodge
dodge	surprise	dodge
dodge	trust	dodge
gall	anger	dodge
gall	anticipation	hiel de hiel
gall	disgust	de hiel
gall	fear	de hiel
gall	joy	hiel
gall	negative	de hiel
gall	positive	de hiel
gall	sadness	de hiel
gall	surprise	cortadores
gall	trust	de cortadores
cutters	anger	de hiel
cutters	anticipation	de hiel
cutters	disgust	cortadores
cutters	fear	de cortadores
cutters	joy	de cortadores
cutters	negative	de cortadores
cutters	positive	cortadores
cutters	sadness	de cortadores
cutters	surprise	de cortadores
cutters	trust	de cortadores
genetics	anger	genética
genetics	anticipation	de genética
genetics	disgust	de genética
genetics	fear	de genética
genetics	joy	genética
genetics	negative	de genética
genetics	positive	de genética
genetics	sadness	de genética
genetics	surprise	genética
genetics	trust	de genética
drowsy	anger	drowsy
drowsy	anticipation	drowsy
drowsy	disgust	drowsy
drowsy	fear	drowsy
drowsy	joy	drowsy
drowsy	negative	drowsy
drowsy	positive	drowsy
drowsy	sadness	drowsy
drowsy	surprise	drowsy
drowsy	trust	drowsy
mortar	anger	mortero
mortar	anticipation	de mortero
mortar	disgust	de mortero
mortar	fear	de mortero
mortar	joy	mortero
mortar	negative	de mortero
mortar	positive	de mortero
mortar	sadness	de mortero
mortar	surprise	elocuencia
mortar	trust	de elocuencia
eloquence	anger	de mortero
eloquence	anticipation	de mortero
eloquence	disgust	elocuencia
eloquence	fear	de elocuencia
eloquence	joy	de elocuencia
eloquence	negative	de elocuencia
eloquence	positive	elocuencia
eloquence	sadness	de elocuencia
eloquence	surprise	de elocuencia
eloquence	trust	de elocuencia
combatant	anger	combatant
combatant	anticipation	combatant
combatant	disgust	combatant
combatant	fear	combatant
combatant	joy	combatant
combatant	negative	combatant
combatant	positive	combatant
combatant	sadness	combatant
combatant	surprise	combatant
combatant	trust	combatant
depict	anger	describe
depict	anticipation	describir
depict	disgust	describir
depict	fear	describir
depict	joy	describir
depict	negative	describir
depict	positive	describir
depict	sadness	describir
depict	surprise	describir
depict	trust	describir
hot	anger	caliente
hot	anticipation	caliente
hot	disgust	caliente
hot	fear	caliente
hot	joy	caliente
hot	negative	caliente
hot	positive	caliente
hot	sadness	caliente
hot	surprise	caliente
hot	trust	caliente
horrible	anger	horrible
horrible	anticipation	horrible
horrible	disgust	horrible
horrible	fear	horrible
horrible	joy	horrible
horrible	negative	horrible
horrible	positive	horrible
horrible	sadness	horrible
horrible	surprise	horrible
horrible	trust	horrible
incidentally	anger	adicionalmente
incidentally	anticipation	adicionalmente
incidentally	disgust	adicionalmente
incidentally	fear	adicionalmente
incidentally	joy	adicionalmente
incidentally	negative	adicionalmente
incidentally	positive	adicionalmente
incidentally	sadness	adicionalmente
incidentally	surprise	adicionalmente
incidentally	trust	adicionalmente
frightful	anger	espantoso
frightful	anticipation	espantoso
frightful	disgust	espantoso
frightful	fear	espantoso
frightful	joy	espantoso
frightful	negative	espantoso
frightful	positive	espantoso
frightful	sadness	espantoso
frightful	surprise	espantoso
frightful	trust	espantoso
damsel	anger	damsel
damsel	anticipation	damsel
damsel	disgust	damsel
damsel	fear	damsel
damsel	joy	damsel
damsel	negative	damsel
damsel	positive	damsel
damsel	sadness	damsel
damsel	surprise	damsel
damsel	trust	damsel
piety	anger	piety
piety	anticipation	piety
piety	disgust	piety
piety	fear	piety
piety	joy	piety
piety	negative	piety
piety	positive	piety
piety	sadness	piety
piety	surprise	piety
piety	trust	piety
headgear	anger	headgear
headgear	anticipation	headgear
headgear	disgust	headgear
headgear	fear	headgear
headgear	joy	headgear
headgear	negative	headgear
headgear	positive	headgear
headgear	sadness	headgear
headgear	surprise	headgear
headgear	trust	headgear
beholden	anger	beholden
beholden	anticipation	beholden
beholden	disgust	beholden
beholden	fear	beholden
beholden	joy	beholden
beholden	negative	beholden
beholden	positive	beholden
beholden	sadness	beholden
beholden	surprise	beholden
beholden	trust	beholden
character	anger	carácter
character	anticipation	de carácter
character	disgust	de carácter
character	fear	de carácter
character	joy	carácter
character	negative	de carácter
character	positive	de carácter
character	sadness	de carácter
character	surprise	carácter
character	trust	de carácter
sojourn	anger	sojourn
sojourn	anticipation	sojourn
sojourn	disgust	sojourn
sojourn	fear	sojourn
sojourn	joy	sojourn
sojourn	negative	sojourn
sojourn	positive	sojourn
sojourn	sadness	sojourn
sojourn	surprise	sojourn
sojourn	trust	sojourn
enter	anger	introduce
enter	anticipation	introducir
enter	disgust	introducir
enter	fear	introducir
enter	joy	introducir
enter	negative	introducir
enter	positive	introducir
enter	sadness	introducir
enter	surprise	introducir
enter	trust	introducir
foreign	anger	extranjero
foreign	anticipation	extranjero
foreign	disgust	extranjero
foreign	fear	extranjero
foreign	joy	extranjero
foreign	negative	extranjero
foreign	positive	extranjero
foreign	sadness	extranjero
foreign	surprise	extranjero
foreign	trust	extranjero
unfettered	anger	ilimitado
unfettered	anticipation	ilimitado
unfettered	disgust	ilimitado
unfettered	fear	ilimitado
unfettered	joy	ilimitado
unfettered	negative	ilimitado
unfettered	positive	ilimitado
unfettered	sadness	ilimitado
unfettered	surprise	ilimitado
unfettered	trust	ilimitado
unfair	anger	injusto
unfair	anticipation	injusto
unfair	disgust	injusto
unfair	fear	injusto
unfair	joy	injusto
unfair	negative	injusto
unfair	positive	injusto
unfair	sadness	injusto
unfair	surprise	injusto
unfair	trust	injusto
tolerate	anger	tolerar
tolerate	anticipation	tolerar
tolerate	disgust	tolerar
tolerate	fear	tolerar
tolerate	joy	tolerar
tolerate	negative	tolerar
tolerate	positive	tolerar
tolerate	sadness	tolerar
tolerate	surprise	tolerar
tolerate	trust	tolerar
coercion	anger	coercion
coercion	anticipation	coercion
coercion	disgust	coercion
coercion	fear	coercion
coercion	joy	coercion
coercion	negative	coercion
coercion	positive	coercion
coercion	sadness	coercion
coercion	surprise	coercion
coercion	trust	coercion
paleontology	anger	paleontología
paleontology	anticipation	de paleontología
paleontology	disgust	de paleontología
paleontology	fear	de paleontología
paleontology	joy	paleontología
paleontology	negative	de paleontología
paleontology	positive	de paleontología
paleontology	sadness	de paleontología
paleontology	surprise	paleontología
paleontology	trust	de paleontología
latex	anger	latex
latex	anticipation	latex
latex	disgust	latex
latex	fear	latex
latex	joy	latex
latex	negative	latex
latex	positive	latex
latex	sadness	latex
latex	surprise	latex
latex	trust	latex
age	anger	edad
age	anticipation	de edad
age	disgust	de edad
age	fear	de edad
age	joy	edad
age	negative	de edad
age	positive	de edad
age	sadness	de edad
age	surprise	edad
age	trust	de edad
veronica	anger	veronica
veronica	anticipation	veronica
veronica	disgust	veronica
veronica	fear	veronica
veronica	joy	veronica
veronica	negative	veronica
veronica	positive	veronica
veronica	sadness	veronica
veronica	surprise	veronica
veronica	trust	veronica
plain	anger	sencillo
plain	anticipation	sencillo
plain	disgust	sencillo
plain	fear	sencillo
plain	joy	sencillo
plain	negative	sencillo
plain	positive	sencillo
plain	sadness	hemorragia
plain	surprise	de hemorragia
plain	trust	sencilla
bleeding	anger	sencilla
bleeding	anticipation	sencilla
bleeding	disgust	hemorragia
bleeding	fear	de hemorragia
bleeding	joy	de hemorragia
bleeding	negative	de hemorragia
bleeding	positive	hemorragia
bleeding	sadness	de hemorragia
bleeding	surprise	de hemorragia
bleeding	trust	de hemorragia
backbone	anger	backbone
backbone	anticipation	backbone
backbone	disgust	backbone
backbone	fear	backbone
backbone	joy	backbone
backbone	negative	backbone
backbone	positive	backbone
backbone	sadness	backbone
backbone	surprise	backbone
backbone	trust	backbone
skewer	anger	más torcido
skewer	anticipation	más torcido
skewer	disgust	más torcido
skewer	fear	más torcido
skewer	joy	más torcido
skewer	negative	más torcido
skewer	positive	más torcido
skewer	sadness	más torcido
skewer	surprise	más torcido
skewer	trust	más torcido
loving	anger	amoroso
loving	anticipation	amoroso
loving	disgust	amoroso
loving	fear	amoroso
loving	joy	amoroso
loving	negative	amoroso
loving	positive	amoroso
loving	sadness	amoroso
loving	surprise	amoroso
loving	trust	encantando
expanded	anger	expandió
expanded	anticipation	expandido
expanded	disgust	expandió
expanded	fear	expandido
expanded	joy	expandió
expanded	negative	expandido
expanded	positive	expandió
expanded	sadness	expandido
expanded	surprise	expandió
expanded	trust	expandido
warlock	anger	warlock
warlock	anticipation	warlock
warlock	disgust	warlock
warlock	fear	warlock
warlock	joy	warlock
warlock	negative	warlock
warlock	positive	warlock
warlock	sadness	warlock
warlock	surprise	warlock
warlock	trust	warlock
transcendental	anger	trascendental
transcendental	anticipation	trascendental
transcendental	disgust	trascendental
transcendental	fear	trascendental
transcendental	joy	trascendental
transcendental	negative	trascendental
transcendental	positive	trascendental
transcendental	sadness	trascendental
transcendental	surprise	trascendental
transcendental	trust	trascendental
luncheon	anger	luncheon
luncheon	anticipation	luncheon
luncheon	disgust	luncheon
luncheon	fear	luncheon
luncheon	joy	luncheon
luncheon	negative	luncheon
luncheon	positive	luncheon
luncheon	sadness	luncheon
luncheon	surprise	luncheon
luncheon	trust	luncheon
higher	anger	más alto
higher	anticipation	más alto
higher	disgust	más alto
higher	fear	más alto
higher	joy	más alto
higher	negative	más alto
higher	positive	más alto
higher	sadness	más alto
higher	surprise	más alto
higher	trust	más alto
skate	anger	patinar
skate	anticipation	patinar
skate	disgust	patinar
skate	fear	patinar
skate	joy	patinar
skate	negative	patinar
skate	positive	patinar
skate	sadness	patinar
skate	surprise	patinar
skate	trust	patinar
draft	anger	borrador
draft	anticipation	de borrador
draft	disgust	de borrador
draft	fear	de borrador
draft	joy	borrador
draft	negative	de borrador
draft	positive	de borrador
draft	sadness	de borrador
draft	surprise	auditor
draft	trust	de auditor
auditor	anger	de borrador
auditor	anticipation	de borrador
auditor	disgust	auditor
auditor	fear	de auditor
auditor	joy	de auditor
auditor	negative	de auditor
auditor	positive	auditor
auditor	sadness	de auditor
auditor	surprise	de auditor
auditor	trust	de auditor
distorted	anger	distorsionó
distorted	anticipation	distorsionado
distorted	disgust	distorsionó
distorted	fear	distorsionado
distorted	joy	distorsionó
distorted	negative	distorsionado
distorted	positive	distorsionó
distorted	sadness	distorsionado
distorted	surprise	distorsionó
distorted	trust	distorsionado
hug	anger	hug
hug	anticipation	hug
hug	disgust	hug
hug	fear	hug
hug	joy	hug
hug	negative	hug
hug	positive	hug
hug	sadness	hug
hug	surprise	hug
hug	trust	hug
scarlet	anger	escarlata
scarlet	anticipation	escarlata
scarlet	disgust	escarlata
scarlet	fear	escarlata
scarlet	joy	escarlata
scarlet	negative	escarlata
scarlet	positive	escarlata
scarlet	sadness	escarlata
scarlet	surprise	escarlata
scarlet	trust	escarlata
aplomb	anger	aplomb
aplomb	anticipation	aplomb
aplomb	disgust	aplomb
aplomb	fear	aplomb
aplomb	joy	aplomb
aplomb	negative	aplomb
aplomb	positive	aplomb
aplomb	sadness	aplomb
aplomb	surprise	aplomb
aplomb	trust	aplomb
symbolic	anger	simbólico
symbolic	anticipation	simbólico
symbolic	disgust	simbólico
symbolic	fear	simbólico
symbolic	joy	simbólico
symbolic	negative	simbólico
symbolic	positive	simbólico
symbolic	sadness	simbólico
symbolic	surprise	simbólico
symbolic	trust	simbólico
rouse	anger	rouse
rouse	anticipation	rouse
rouse	disgust	rouse
rouse	fear	rouse
rouse	joy	rouse
rouse	negative	rouse
rouse	positive	rouse
rouse	sadness	rouse
rouse	surprise	rouse
rouse	trust	rouse
landscape	anger	paisaje
landscape	anticipation	de paisaje
landscape	disgust	de paisaje
landscape	fear	de paisaje
landscape	joy	paisaje
landscape	negative	de paisaje
landscape	positive	de paisaje
landscape	sadness	de paisaje
landscape	surprise	paisaje
landscape	trust	de paisaje
inadvertently	anger	inadvertently
inadvertently	anticipation	inadvertently
inadvertently	disgust	inadvertently
inadvertently	fear	inadvertently
inadvertently	joy	inadvertently
inadvertently	negative	inadvertently
inadvertently	positive	inadvertently
inadvertently	sadness	inadvertently
inadvertently	surprise	inadvertently
inadvertently	trust	inadvertently
middleman	anger	middleman
middleman	anticipation	middleman
middleman	disgust	middleman
middleman	fear	middleman
middleman	joy	middleman
middleman	negative	middleman
middleman	positive	middleman
middleman	sadness	middleman
middleman	surprise	middleman
middleman	trust	middleman
tradesman	anger	tradesman
tradesman	anticipation	tradesman
tradesman	disgust	tradesman
tradesman	fear	tradesman
tradesman	joy	tradesman
tradesman	negative	tradesman
tradesman	positive	tradesman
tradesman	sadness	tradesman
tradesman	surprise	tradesman
tradesman	trust	tradesman
adversary	anger	adversary
adversary	anticipation	adversary
adversary	disgust	adversary
adversary	fear	adversary
adversary	joy	adversary
adversary	negative	adversary
adversary	positive	adversary
adversary	sadness	adversary
adversary	surprise	adversary
adversary	trust	adversary
wreath	anger	wreath
wreath	anticipation	wreath
wreath	disgust	wreath
wreath	fear	wreath
wreath	joy	wreath
wreath	negative	wreath
wreath	positive	wreath
wreath	sadness	wreath
wreath	surprise	wreath
wreath	trust	wreath
unfailing	anger	unfailing
unfailing	anticipation	unfailing
unfailing	disgust	unfailing
unfailing	fear	unfailing
unfailing	joy	unfailing
unfailing	negative	unfailing
unfailing	positive	unfailing
unfailing	sadness	unfailing
unfailing	surprise	unfailing
unfailing	trust	unfailing
late	anger	tarde
late	anticipation	tarde
late	disgust	tarde
late	fear	tarde
late	joy	tarde
late	negative	tarde
late	positive	tarde
late	sadness	tarde
late	surprise	tarde
late	trust	tardío
overdue	anger	overdue
overdue	anticipation	overdue
overdue	disgust	overdue
overdue	fear	overdue
overdue	joy	overdue
overdue	negative	overdue
overdue	positive	overdue
overdue	sadness	overdue
overdue	surprise	overdue
overdue	trust	overdue
portage	anger	portage
portage	anticipation	portage
portage	disgust	portage
portage	fear	portage
portage	joy	portage
portage	negative	portage
portage	positive	portage
portage	sadness	portage
portage	surprise	portage
portage	trust	portage
amenable	anger	dócil
amenable	anticipation	dócil
amenable	disgust	dócil
amenable	fear	dócil
amenable	joy	dócil
amenable	negative	dócil
amenable	positive	dócil
amenable	sadness	dócil
amenable	surprise	dócil
amenable	trust	dócil
matching	anger	emparejando
matching	anticipation	emparejando
matching	disgust	emparejando
matching	fear	emparejando
matching	joy	emparejando
matching	negative	emparejando
matching	positive	emparejando
matching	sadness	emparejando
matching	surprise	emparejando
matching	trust	emparejando
rubbers	anger	gomas
rubbers	anticipation	de gomas
rubbers	disgust	de gomas
rubbers	fear	de gomas
rubbers	joy	gomas
rubbers	negative	de gomas
rubbers	positive	de gomas
rubbers	sadness	de gomas
rubbers	surprise	pie
rubbers	trust	de pie
foot	anger	de gomas
foot	anticipation	de gomas
foot	disgust	pie
foot	fear	de pie
foot	joy	de pie
foot	negative	de pie
foot	positive	pie
foot	sadness	de pie
foot	surprise	de pie
foot	trust	de pie
experiences	anger	las experiencias
experiences	anticipation	experimenta
experiences	disgust	las experiencias
experiences	fear	experimenta
experiences	joy	las experiencias
experiences	negative	experimenta
experiences	positive	las experiencias
experiences	sadness	experimenta
experiences	surprise	las experiencias
experiences	trust	experimenta
plan	anger	plan
plan	anticipation	de plan
plan	disgust	de plan
plan	fear	de plan
plan	joy	plan
plan	negative	de plan
plan	positive	de plan
plan	sadness	de plan
plan	surprise	plan
plan	trust	de plan
unambiguous	anger	inequívoco
unambiguous	anticipation	inequívoco
unambiguous	disgust	inequívoco
unambiguous	fear	inequívoco
unambiguous	joy	inequívoco
unambiguous	negative	inequívoco
unambiguous	positive	inequívoco
unambiguous	sadness	inequívoco
unambiguous	surprise	inequívoco
unambiguous	trust	inequívoco
jaunt	anger	jaunt
jaunt	anticipation	jaunt
jaunt	disgust	jaunt
jaunt	fear	jaunt
jaunt	joy	jaunt
jaunt	negative	jaunt
jaunt	positive	jaunt
jaunt	sadness	jaunt
jaunt	surprise	jaunt
jaunt	trust	jaunt
endanger	anger	endanger
endanger	anticipation	endanger
endanger	disgust	endanger
endanger	fear	endanger
endanger	joy	endanger
endanger	negative	endanger
endanger	positive	endanger
endanger	sadness	endanger
endanger	surprise	endanger
endanger	trust	endanger
stubble	anger	rastrojo
stubble	anticipation	de rastrojo
stubble	disgust	de rastrojo
stubble	fear	de rastrojo
stubble	joy	rastrojo
stubble	negative	de rastrojo
stubble	positive	de rastrojo
stubble	sadness	de rastrojo
stubble	surprise	error
stubble	trust	de error
misconception	anger	de rastrojo
misconception	anticipation	de rastrojo
misconception	disgust	error
misconception	fear	de error
misconception	joy	de error
misconception	negative	de error
misconception	positive	error
misconception	sadness	de error
misconception	surprise	de error
misconception	trust	de error
shudder	anger	estremecimiento
shudder	anticipation	de estremecimiento
shudder	disgust	de estremecimiento
shudder	fear	de estremecimiento
shudder	joy	estremecimiento
shudder	negative	de estremecimiento
shudder	positive	de estremecimiento
shudder	sadness	de estremecimiento
shudder	surprise	estremecimiento
shudder	trust	de estremecimiento
inexplicable	anger	inexplicable
inexplicable	anticipation	inexplicable
inexplicable	disgust	inexplicable
inexplicable	fear	inexplicable
inexplicable	joy	inexplicable
inexplicable	negative	inexplicable
inexplicable	positive	inexplicable
inexplicable	sadness	inexplicable
inexplicable	surprise	inexplicable
inexplicable	trust	inexplicable
intriguing	anger	intrigante
intriguing	anticipation	intrigante
intriguing	disgust	intrigante
intriguing	fear	intrigante
intriguing	joy	intrigante
intriguing	negative	intrigante
intriguing	positive	intrigante
intriguing	sadness	intrigante
intriguing	surprise	intrigante
intriguing	trust	intrigante
braid	anger	braid
braid	anticipation	braid
braid	disgust	braid
braid	fear	braid
braid	joy	braid
braid	negative	braid
braid	positive	braid
braid	sadness	braid
braid	surprise	braid
braid	trust	braid
avail	anger	avail
avail	anticipation	avail
avail	disgust	avail
avail	fear	avail
avail	joy	avail
avail	negative	avail
avail	positive	avail
avail	sadness	avail
avail	surprise	avail
avail	trust	avail
worker	anger	trabajador
worker	anticipation	de trabajador
worker	disgust	de trabajador
worker	fear	de trabajador
worker	joy	trabajador
worker	negative	de trabajador
worker	positive	de trabajador
worker	sadness	de trabajador
worker	surprise	trabajador
worker	trust	de trabajador
charter	anger	charter
charter	anticipation	charter
charter	disgust	charter
charter	fear	charter
charter	joy	charter
charter	negative	charter
charter	positive	charter
charter	sadness	charter
charter	surprise	charter
charter	trust	charter
ecstatic	anger	ecstatic
ecstatic	anticipation	ecstatic
ecstatic	disgust	ecstatic
ecstatic	fear	ecstatic
ecstatic	joy	ecstatic
ecstatic	negative	ecstatic
ecstatic	positive	ecstatic
ecstatic	sadness	ecstatic
ecstatic	surprise	ecstatic
ecstatic	trust	ecstatic
funnel	anger	embudo
funnel	anticipation	de embudo
funnel	disgust	de embudo
funnel	fear	de embudo
funnel	joy	embudo
funnel	negative	de embudo
funnel	positive	de embudo
funnel	sadness	de embudo
funnel	surprise	parlamento
funnel	trust	de parlamento
parliament	anger	de embudo
parliament	anticipation	de embudo
parliament	disgust	parlamento
parliament	fear	de parlamento
parliament	joy	de parlamento
parliament	negative	de parlamento
parliament	positive	parlamento
parliament	sadness	de parlamento
parliament	surprise	de parlamento
parliament	trust	de parlamento
thump	anger	batacazo
thump	anticipation	de batacazo
thump	disgust	de batacazo
thump	fear	de batacazo
thump	joy	batacazo
thump	negative	de batacazo
thump	positive	de batacazo
thump	sadness	de batacazo
thump	surprise	batacazo
thump	trust	de batacazo
importation	anger	importation
importation	anticipation	importation
importation	disgust	importation
importation	fear	importation
importation	joy	importation
importation	negative	importation
importation	positive	importation
importation	sadness	importation
importation	surprise	importation
importation	trust	importation
explication	anger	explication
explication	anticipation	explication
explication	disgust	explication
explication	fear	explication
explication	joy	explication
explication	negative	explication
explication	positive	explication
explication	sadness	explication
explication	surprise	explication
explication	trust	explication
equation	anger	ecuación
equation	anticipation	de ecuación
equation	disgust	de ecuación
equation	fear	de ecuación
equation	joy	ecuación
equation	negative	de ecuación
equation	positive	de ecuación
equation	sadness	de ecuación
equation	surprise	tándem
equation	trust	de tándem
tandem	anger	de ecuación
tandem	anticipation	de ecuación
tandem	disgust	tándem
tandem	fear	de tándem
tandem	joy	de tándem
tandem	negative	de tándem
tandem	positive	tándem
tandem	sadness	de tándem
tandem	surprise	de tándem
tandem	trust	de tándem
flaw	anger	defecto
flaw	anticipation	de defecto
flaw	disgust	de defecto
flaw	fear	de defecto
flaw	joy	defecto
flaw	negative	de defecto
flaw	positive	de defecto
flaw	sadness	de defecto
flaw	surprise	defecto
flaw	trust	de defecto
scarce	anger	escaso
scarce	anticipation	escaso
scarce	disgust	escaso
scarce	fear	escaso
scarce	joy	escaso
scarce	negative	escaso
scarce	positive	escaso
scarce	sadness	cuchillo
scarce	surprise	de cuchillo
scarce	trust	escaso
knife	anger	escaso
knife	anticipation	escaso
knife	disgust	cuchillo
knife	fear	de cuchillo
knife	joy	de cuchillo
knife	negative	de cuchillo
knife	positive	cuchillo
knife	sadness	de cuchillo
knife	surprise	de cuchillo
knife	trust	de cuchillo
secrete	anger	oculta
secrete	anticipation	ocultar
secrete	disgust	ocultar
secrete	fear	ocultar
secrete	joy	ocultar
secrete	negative	ocultar
secrete	positive	ocultar
secrete	sadness	ocultar
secrete	surprise	ocultar
secrete	trust	ocultar
hasty	anger	apresurado
hasty	anticipation	apresurado
hasty	disgust	apresurado
hasty	fear	apresurado
hasty	joy	apresurado
hasty	negative	apresurado
hasty	positive	apresurado
hasty	sadness	establecimiento
hasty	surprise	de establecimiento
hasty	trust	apresurado
establishment	anger	apresurado
establishment	anticipation	apresurado
establishment	disgust	establecimiento
establishment	fear	de establecimiento
establishment	joy	de establecimiento
establishment	negative	de establecimiento
establishment	positive	establecimiento
establishment	sadness	de establecimiento
establishment	surprise	de establecimiento
establishment	trust	de establecimiento
distasteful	anger	distasteful
distasteful	anticipation	distasteful
distasteful	disgust	distasteful
distasteful	fear	distasteful
distasteful	joy	distasteful
distasteful	negative	distasteful
distasteful	positive	distasteful
distasteful	sadness	distasteful
distasteful	surprise	distasteful
distasteful	trust	distasteful
cystic	anger	cystic
cystic	anticipation	cystic
cystic	disgust	cystic
cystic	fear	cystic
cystic	joy	cystic
cystic	negative	cystic
cystic	positive	cystic
cystic	sadness	cystic
cystic	surprise	cystic
cystic	trust	cystic
serif	anger	serif
serif	anticipation	serif
serif	disgust	serif
serif	fear	serif
serif	joy	serif
serif	negative	serif
serif	positive	serif
serif	sadness	serif
serif	surprise	serif
serif	trust	serif
sheet	anger	hoja
sheet	anticipation	de hoja
sheet	disgust	de hoja
sheet	fear	de hoja
sheet	joy	hoja
sheet	negative	de hoja
sheet	positive	de hoja
sheet	sadness	de hoja
sheet	surprise	hoja
sheet	trust	de hoja
immature	anger	inmadura
immature	anticipation	inmaduro
immature	disgust	inmaduro
immature	fear	inmaduro
immature	joy	inmaduro
immature	negative	inmaduro
immature	positive	inmaduro
immature	sadness	inmaduro
immature	surprise	inmaduro
immature	trust	inmaduro
turquoise	anger	turquesa
turquoise	anticipation	turquesa
turquoise	disgust	turquesa
turquoise	fear	turquesa
turquoise	joy	turquesa
turquoise	negative	turquesa
turquoise	positive	turquesa
turquoise	sadness	turquesa
turquoise	surprise	turquesa
turquoise	trust	turquesa
knoll	anger	knoll
knoll	anticipation	knoll
knoll	disgust	knoll
knoll	fear	knoll
knoll	joy	knoll
knoll	negative	knoll
knoll	positive	knoll
knoll	sadness	knoll
knoll	surprise	knoll
knoll	trust	knoll
sweetness	anger	sweetness
sweetness	anticipation	sweetness
sweetness	disgust	sweetness
sweetness	fear	sweetness
sweetness	joy	sweetness
sweetness	negative	sweetness
sweetness	positive	sweetness
sweetness	sadness	sweetness
sweetness	surprise	sweetness
sweetness	trust	sweetness
groan	anger	gime
groan	anticipation	gemir
groan	disgust	gemir
groan	fear	gemir
groan	joy	gemir
groan	negative	gemir
groan	positive	gemir
groan	sadness	gemir
groan	surprise	gemir
groan	trust	gemir
chime	anger	repique
chime	anticipation	de repique
chime	disgust	de repique
chime	fear	de repique
chime	joy	repique
chime	negative	de repique
chime	positive	de repique
chime	sadness	de repique
chime	surprise	repique
chime	trust	de repique
sensibly	anger	sensibly
sensibly	anticipation	sensibly
sensibly	disgust	sensibly
sensibly	fear	sensibly
sensibly	joy	sensibly
sensibly	negative	sensibly
sensibly	positive	sensibly
sensibly	sadness	sensibly
sensibly	surprise	sensibly
sensibly	trust	sensibly
defended	anger	defendió
defended	anticipation	defendido
defended	disgust	defendió
defended	fear	defendido
defended	joy	defendió
defended	negative	defendido
defended	positive	defendió
defended	sadness	defendido
defended	surprise	defendió
defended	trust	defendido
criminal	anger	criminal
criminal	anticipation	criminal
criminal	disgust	criminal
criminal	fear	criminal
criminal	joy	criminal
criminal	negative	criminal
criminal	positive	criminal
criminal	sadness	construcción
criminal	surprise	de construcción
criminal	trust	criminal
construction	anger	criminal
construction	anticipation	criminal
construction	disgust	construcción
construction	fear	de construcción
construction	joy	de construcción
construction	negative	de construcción
construction	positive	construcción
construction	sadness	de construcción
construction	surprise	de construcción
construction	trust	de construcción que
devastating	anger	devasta
devastating	anticipation	devastando
devastating	disgust	devastando
devastating	fear	devastando
devastating	joy	devastando
devastating	negative	devastando
devastating	positive	devastando
devastating	sadness	devastando
devastating	surprise	devastando
devastating	trust	devastando
fret	anger	fret
fret	anticipation	fret
fret	disgust	fret
fret	fear	fret
fret	joy	fret
fret	negative	fret
fret	positive	fret
fret	sadness	fret
fret	surprise	fret
fret	trust	fret
unconcerned	anger	unconcerned
unconcerned	anticipation	unconcerned
unconcerned	disgust	unconcerned
unconcerned	fear	unconcerned
unconcerned	joy	unconcerned
unconcerned	negative	unconcerned
unconcerned	positive	unconcerned
unconcerned	sadness	unconcerned
unconcerned	surprise	unconcerned
unconcerned	trust	unconcerned
intonation	anger	entonación
intonation	anticipation	de entonación
intonation	disgust	de entonación
intonation	fear	de entonación
intonation	joy	entonación
intonation	negative	de entonación
intonation	positive	de entonación
intonation	sadness	de entonación
intonation	surprise	sujeción
intonation	trust	de sujeción
subjection	anger	de entonación
subjection	anticipation	de entonación
subjection	disgust	sujeción
subjection	fear	de sujeción
subjection	joy	de sujeción
subjection	negative	de sujeción
subjection	positive	sujeción
subjection	sadness	de sujeción
subjection	surprise	de sujeción
subjection	trust	de sujeción que
protecting	anger	protege
protecting	anticipation	protegiendo
protecting	disgust	protegiendo
protecting	fear	protegiendo
protecting	joy	protegiendo
protecting	negative	protegiendo
protecting	positive	protegiendo
protecting	sadness	protegiendo
protecting	surprise	protegiendo
protecting	trust	protegiendo
unclean	anger	unclean
unclean	anticipation	unclean
unclean	disgust	unclean
unclean	fear	unclean
unclean	joy	unclean
unclean	negative	unclean
unclean	positive	unclean
unclean	sadness	unclean
unclean	surprise	unclean
unclean	trust	unclean
testify	anger	atestigua
testify	anticipation	atestiguar
testify	disgust	atestiguar
testify	fear	atestiguar
testify	joy	atestiguar
testify	negative	atestiguar
testify	positive	atestiguar
testify	sadness	atestiguar
testify	surprise	atestiguar
testify	trust	atestiguar
doorway	anger	doorway
doorway	anticipation	doorway
doorway	disgust	doorway
doorway	fear	doorway
doorway	joy	doorway
doorway	negative	doorway
doorway	positive	doorway
doorway	sadness	doorway
doorway	surprise	doorway
doorway	trust	doorway
titanic	anger	titánico
titanic	anticipation	titánico
titanic	disgust	titánico
titanic	fear	titánico
titanic	joy	titánico
titanic	negative	titánico
titanic	positive	titánico
titanic	sadness	titánico
titanic	surprise	titánico
titanic	trust	titánico
hawk	anger	hawk
hawk	anticipation	hawk
hawk	disgust	hawk
hawk	fear	hawk
hawk	joy	hawk
hawk	negative	hawk
hawk	positive	hawk
hawk	sadness	hawk
hawk	surprise	hawk
hawk	trust	hawk
refugee	anger	refugiado
refugee	anticipation	de refugiado
refugee	disgust	de refugiado
refugee	fear	de refugiado
refugee	joy	refugiado
refugee	negative	de refugiado
refugee	positive	de refugiado
refugee	sadness	de refugiado
refugee	surprise	tarro
refugee	trust	de tarro
pot	anger	de refugiado
pot	anticipation	de refugiado
pot	disgust	tarro
pot	fear	de tarro
pot	joy	de tarro
pot	negative	de tarro
pot	positive	tarro
pot	sadness	de tarro
pot	surprise	de tarro
pot	trust	de tarro
tail	anger	cola
tail	anticipation	de cola
tail	disgust	de cola
tail	fear	de cola
tail	joy	cola
tail	negative	de cola
tail	positive	de cola
tail	sadness	de cola
tail	surprise	cola
tail	trust	de cola
reorganize	anger	reorganiza
reorganize	anticipation	reorganizar
reorganize	disgust	reorganizar
reorganize	fear	reorganizar
reorganize	joy	reorganizar
reorganize	negative	reorganizar
reorganize	positive	reorganizar
reorganize	sadness	reorganizar
reorganize	surprise	reorganizar
reorganize	trust	reorganizar
berserk	anger	berserk
berserk	anticipation	berserk
berserk	disgust	berserk
berserk	fear	berserk
berserk	joy	berserk
berserk	negative	berserk
berserk	positive	berserk
berserk	sadness	berserk
berserk	surprise	berserk
berserk	trust	berserk
extent	anger	extensión
extent	anticipation	de extensión
extent	disgust	de extensión
extent	fear	de extensión
extent	joy	extensión
extent	negative	de extensión
extent	positive	de extensión
extent	sadness	de extensión
extent	surprise	extensión
extent	trust	de extensión
botanical	anger	botánica
botanical	anticipation	botánico
botanical	disgust	botánico
botanical	fear	botánico
botanical	joy	botánico
botanical	negative	botánico
botanical	positive	botánico
botanical	sadness	botánico
botanical	surprise	botánico
botanical	trust	botánico
blatant	anger	descarado
blatant	anticipation	descarado
blatant	disgust	descarado
blatant	fear	descarado
blatant	joy	descarado
blatant	negative	descarado
blatant	positive	descarado
blatant	sadness	descarado
blatant	surprise	descarado
blatant	trust	descarado
monte	anger	monte
monte	anticipation	monte
monte	disgust	monte
monte	fear	monte
monte	joy	monte
monte	negative	monte
monte	positive	monte
monte	sadness	monte
monte	surprise	monte
monte	trust	monte
heirs	anger	herederos
heirs	anticipation	de herederos
heirs	disgust	de herederos
heirs	fear	de herederos
heirs	joy	herederos
heirs	negative	de herederos
heirs	positive	de herederos
heirs	sadness	de herederos
heirs	surprise	sinfonía
heirs	trust	de sinfonía
symphony	anger	de herederos
symphony	anticipation	de herederos
symphony	disgust	sinfonía
symphony	fear	de sinfonía
symphony	joy	de sinfonía
symphony	negative	de sinfonía
symphony	positive	sinfonía
symphony	sadness	de sinfonía
symphony	surprise	de sinfonía
symphony	trust	de sinfonía
burdensome	anger	burdensome
burdensome	anticipation	burdensome
burdensome	disgust	burdensome
burdensome	fear	burdensome
burdensome	joy	burdensome
burdensome	negative	burdensome
burdensome	positive	burdensome
burdensome	sadness	burdensome
burdensome	surprise	burdensome
burdensome	trust	burdensome
fix	anger	fija
fix	anticipation	fijar
fix	disgust	fijar
fix	fear	fijar
fix	joy	fijar
fix	negative	fijar
fix	positive	fijar
fix	sadness	fijar
fix	surprise	fijar
fix	trust	fijar
druid	anger	druid
druid	anticipation	druid
druid	disgust	druid
druid	fear	druid
druid	joy	druid
druid	negative	druid
druid	positive	druid
druid	sadness	druid
druid	surprise	druid
druid	trust	druid
berth	anger	berth
berth	anticipation	berth
berth	disgust	berth
berth	fear	berth
berth	joy	berth
berth	negative	berth
berth	positive	berth
berth	sadness	berth
berth	surprise	berth
berth	trust	berth
chilly	anger	chilly
chilly	anticipation	chilly
chilly	disgust	chilly
chilly	fear	chilly
chilly	joy	chilly
chilly	negative	chilly
chilly	positive	chilly
chilly	sadness	chilly
chilly	surprise	chilly
chilly	trust	chilly
doughnut	anger	donut
doughnut	anticipation	de donut
doughnut	disgust	de donut
doughnut	fear	de donut
doughnut	joy	donut
doughnut	negative	de donut
doughnut	positive	de donut
doughnut	sadness	de donut
doughnut	surprise	donut
doughnut	trust	de donut
impersonate	anger	impersonate
impersonate	anticipation	impersonate
impersonate	disgust	impersonate
impersonate	fear	impersonate
impersonate	joy	impersonate
impersonate	negative	impersonate
impersonate	positive	impersonate
impersonate	sadness	impersonate
impersonate	surprise	impersonate
impersonate	trust	impersonate
booze	anger	booze
booze	anticipation	booze
booze	disgust	booze
booze	fear	booze
booze	joy	booze
booze	negative	booze
booze	positive	booze
booze	sadness	booze
booze	surprise	booze
booze	trust	booze
sick	anger	enfermo
sick	anticipation	enfermo
sick	disgust	enfermo
sick	fear	enfermo
sick	joy	enfermo
sick	negative	enfermo
sick	positive	enfermo
sick	sadness	enfermo
sick	surprise	enfermo
sick	trust	enfermo
dun	anger	dun
dun	anticipation	dun
dun	disgust	dun
dun	fear	dun
dun	joy	dun
dun	negative	dun
dun	positive	dun
dun	sadness	dun
dun	surprise	dun
dun	trust	dun
abdomen	anger	abdomen
abdomen	anticipation	de abdomen
abdomen	disgust	de abdomen
abdomen	fear	de abdomen
abdomen	joy	abdomen
abdomen	negative	de abdomen
abdomen	positive	de abdomen
abdomen	sadness	de abdomen
abdomen	surprise	clan
abdomen	trust	de clan
clan	anger	de abdomen
clan	anticipation	de abdomen
clan	disgust	clan
clan	fear	de clan
clan	joy	de clan
clan	negative	de clan
clan	positive	clan
clan	sadness	de clan
clan	surprise	de clan
clan	trust	de clan
moss	anger	musgo
moss	anticipation	de musgo
moss	disgust	de musgo
moss	fear	de musgo
moss	joy	musgo
moss	negative	de musgo
moss	positive	de musgo
moss	sadness	de musgo
moss	surprise	alquimia
moss	trust	de alquimia
alchemy	anger	de musgo
alchemy	anticipation	de musgo
alchemy	disgust	alquimia
alchemy	fear	de alquimia
alchemy	joy	de alquimia
alchemy	negative	de alquimia
alchemy	positive	alquimia
alchemy	sadness	de alquimia
alchemy	surprise	de alquimia
alchemy	trust	de alquimia
modernism	anger	modernismo
modernism	anticipation	de modernismo
modernism	disgust	de modernismo
modernism	fear	de modernismo
modernism	joy	modernismo
modernism	negative	de modernismo
modernism	positive	de modernismo
modernism	sadness	de modernismo
modernism	surprise	modernismo
modernism	trust	de modernismo
dapper	anger	dapper
dapper	anticipation	dapper
dapper	disgust	dapper
dapper	fear	dapper
dapper	joy	dapper
dapper	negative	dapper
dapper	positive	dapper
dapper	sadness	dapper
dapper	surprise	dapper
dapper	trust	dapper
canton	anger	lado
canton	anticipation	de lado
canton	disgust	de lado
canton	fear	de lado
canton	joy	lado
canton	negative	de lado
canton	positive	de lado
canton	sadness	de lado
canton	surprise	lado
canton	trust	de lado
plethora	anger	plethora
plethora	anticipation	plethora
plethora	disgust	plethora
plethora	fear	plethora
plethora	joy	plethora
plethora	negative	plethora
plethora	positive	plethora
plethora	sadness	plethora
plethora	surprise	plethora
plethora	trust	plethora
cotton	anger	algodón
cotton	anticipation	de algodón
cotton	disgust	de algodón
cotton	fear	de algodón
cotton	joy	algodón
cotton	negative	de algodón
cotton	positive	de algodón
cotton	sadness	de algodón
cotton	surprise	algodón
cotton	trust	de algodón
taker	anger	taker
taker	anticipation	taker
taker	disgust	taker
taker	fear	taker
taker	joy	taker
taker	negative	taker
taker	positive	taker
taker	sadness	taker
taker	surprise	taker
taker	trust	taker
suction	anger	suction
suction	anticipation	suction
suction	disgust	suction
suction	fear	suction
suction	joy	suction
suction	negative	suction
suction	positive	suction
suction	sadness	suction
suction	surprise	suction
suction	trust	suction
verse	anger	verso
verse	anticipation	de verso
verse	disgust	de verso
verse	fear	de verso
verse	joy	verso
verse	negative	de verso
verse	positive	de verso
verse	sadness	de verso
verse	surprise	fuego
verse	trust	de fuego
fire	anger	de verso
fire	anticipation	de verso
fire	disgust	fuego
fire	fear	de fuego
fire	joy	de fuego
fire	negative	de fuego
fire	positive	fuego
fire	sadness	de fuego
fire	surprise	de fuego
fire	trust	de fuego
hypothetical	anger	hipotético
hypothetical	anticipation	hipotético
hypothetical	disgust	hipotético
hypothetical	fear	hipotético
hypothetical	joy	hipotético
hypothetical	negative	hipotético
hypothetical	positive	hipotético
hypothetical	sadness	hipotético
hypothetical	surprise	hipotético
hypothetical	trust	hipotético
corrupting	anger	corrompiendo
corrupting	anticipation	corrompiendo
corrupting	disgust	corrompiendo
corrupting	fear	corrompiendo
corrupting	joy	corrompiendo
corrupting	negative	corrompiendo
corrupting	positive	corrompiendo
corrupting	sadness	corrompiendo
corrupting	surprise	corrompiendo
corrupting	trust	corrompiendo
reposition	anger	recoloca
reposition	anticipation	recolocar
reposition	disgust	recolocar
reposition	fear	recolocar
reposition	joy	recolocar
reposition	negative	recolocar
reposition	positive	recolocar
reposition	sadness	recolocar
reposition	surprise	recolocar
reposition	trust	recolocar
infamy	anger	infamia
infamy	anticipation	de infamia
infamy	disgust	de infamia
infamy	fear	de infamia
infamy	joy	infamia
infamy	negative	de infamia
infamy	positive	de infamia
infamy	sadness	de infamia
infamy	surprise	infamia
infamy	trust	de infamia
reversal	anger	reversal
reversal	anticipation	reversal
reversal	disgust	reversal
reversal	fear	reversal
reversal	joy	reversal
reversal	negative	reversal
reversal	positive	reversal
reversal	sadness	reversal
reversal	surprise	reversal
reversal	trust	reversal
drawback	anger	drawback
drawback	anticipation	drawback
drawback	disgust	drawback
drawback	fear	drawback
drawback	joy	drawback
drawback	negative	drawback
drawback	positive	drawback
drawback	sadness	drawback
drawback	surprise	drawback
drawback	trust	drawback
allay	anger	despeja
allay	anticipation	despejar
allay	disgust	despejar
allay	fear	despejar
allay	joy	despejar
allay	negative	despejar
allay	positive	despejar
allay	sadness	despejar
allay	surprise	despejar
allay	trust	despejar
detectable	anger	detectable
detectable	anticipation	detectable
detectable	disgust	detectable
detectable	fear	detectable
detectable	joy	detectable
detectable	negative	detectable
detectable	positive	detectable
detectable	sadness	detectable
detectable	surprise	detectable
detectable	trust	detectable
glum	anger	glum
glum	anticipation	glum
glum	disgust	glum
glum	fear	glum
glum	joy	glum
glum	negative	glum
glum	positive	glum
glum	sadness	glum
glum	surprise	glum
glum	trust	glum
weathered	anger	weathered
weathered	anticipation	weathered
weathered	disgust	weathered
weathered	fear	weathered
weathered	joy	weathered
weathered	negative	weathered
weathered	positive	weathered
weathered	sadness	weathered
weathered	surprise	weathered
weathered	trust	weathered
meat	anger	carne
meat	anticipation	de carne
meat	disgust	de carne
meat	fear	de carne
meat	joy	carne
meat	negative	de carne
meat	positive	de carne
meat	sadness	de carne
meat	surprise	carne
meat	trust	de carne
graceful	anger	graceful
graceful	anticipation	graceful
graceful	disgust	graceful
graceful	fear	graceful
graceful	joy	graceful
graceful	negative	graceful
graceful	positive	graceful
graceful	sadness	graceful
graceful	surprise	graceful
graceful	trust	graceful
ventricular	anger	ventricular
ventricular	anticipation	ventricular
ventricular	disgust	ventricular
ventricular	fear	ventricular
ventricular	joy	ventricular
ventricular	negative	ventricular
ventricular	positive	ventricular
ventricular	sadness	ventricular
ventricular	surprise	ventricular
ventricular	trust	ventricular
omission	anger	omisión
omission	anticipation	de omisión
omission	disgust	de omisión
omission	fear	de omisión
omission	joy	omisión
omission	negative	de omisión
omission	positive	de omisión
omission	sadness	de omisión
omission	surprise	omisión
omission	trust	de omisión
dreamy	anger	soñadora
dreamy	anticipation	soñador
dreamy	disgust	soñador
dreamy	fear	soñador
dreamy	joy	soñador
dreamy	negative	soñador
dreamy	positive	soñador
dreamy	sadness	soñador
dreamy	surprise	soñador
dreamy	trust	soñador
preponderance	anger	preponderance
preponderance	anticipation	preponderance
preponderance	disgust	preponderance
preponderance	fear	preponderance
preponderance	joy	preponderance
preponderance	negative	preponderance
preponderance	positive	preponderance
preponderance	sadness	preponderance
preponderance	surprise	preponderance
preponderance	trust	preponderance
experience	anger	experiencia
experience	anticipation	de experiencia
experience	disgust	de experiencia
experience	fear	de experiencia
experience	joy	experiencia
experience	negative	de experiencia
experience	positive	de experiencia
experience	sadness	de experiencia
experience	surprise	experiencia
experience	trust	de experiencia
untold	anger	untold
untold	anticipation	untold
untold	disgust	untold
untold	fear	untold
untold	joy	untold
untold	negative	untold
untold	positive	untold
untold	sadness	untold
untold	surprise	untold
untold	trust	untold
tract	anger	tramo
tract	anticipation	de tramo
tract	disgust	de tramo
tract	fear	de tramo
tract	joy	tramo
tract	negative	de tramo
tract	positive	de tramo
tract	sadness	de tramo
tract	surprise	tramo
tract	trust	de tramo
legislative	anger	legislativo
legislative	anticipation	legislativo
legislative	disgust	legislativo
legislative	fear	legislativo
legislative	joy	legislativo
legislative	negative	legislativo
legislative	positive	legislativo
legislative	sadness	artistas
legislative	surprise	de artistas
legislative	trust	legislativos
artists	anger	legislativos
artists	anticipation	legislativos
artists	disgust	artistas
artists	fear	de artistas
artists	joy	de artistas
artists	negative	de artistas
artists	positive	artistas
artists	sadness	de artistas
artists	surprise	de artistas
artists	trust	de artistas
apology	anger	disculpa
apology	anticipation	de disculpa
apology	disgust	de disculpa
apology	fear	de disculpa
apology	joy	disculpa
apology	negative	de disculpa
apology	positive	de disculpa
apology	sadness	de disculpa
apology	surprise	disculpa
apology	trust	de disculpa
unsightly	anger	unsightly
unsightly	anticipation	unsightly
unsightly	disgust	unsightly
unsightly	fear	unsightly
unsightly	joy	unsightly
unsightly	negative	unsightly
unsightly	positive	unsightly
unsightly	sadness	unsightly
unsightly	surprise	unsightly
unsightly	trust	unsightly
topic	anger	tema
topic	anticipation	de tema
topic	disgust	de tema
topic	fear	de tema
topic	joy	tema
topic	negative	de tema
topic	positive	de tema
topic	sadness	de tema
topic	surprise	vendedor
topic	trust	de vendedor
seller	anger	de tema
seller	anticipation	de tema
seller	disgust	vendedor
seller	fear	de vendedor
seller	joy	de vendedor
seller	negative	de vendedor
seller	positive	vendedor
seller	sadness	de vendedor
seller	surprise	de vendedor
seller	trust	de vendedor
squad	anger	equipo
squad	anticipation	de equipo
squad	disgust	de equipo
squad	fear	de equipo
squad	joy	equipo
squad	negative	de equipo
squad	positive	de equipo
squad	sadness	de equipo
squad	surprise	equipo
squad	trust	de equipo
proletarian	anger	proletarian
proletarian	anticipation	proletarian
proletarian	disgust	proletarian
proletarian	fear	proletarian
proletarian	joy	proletarian
proletarian	negative	proletarian
proletarian	positive	proletarian
proletarian	sadness	proletarian
proletarian	surprise	proletarian
proletarian	trust	proletarian
bastion	anger	baluarte
bastion	anticipation	de baluarte
bastion	disgust	de baluarte
bastion	fear	de baluarte
bastion	joy	baluarte
bastion	negative	de baluarte
bastion	positive	de baluarte
bastion	sadness	de baluarte
bastion	surprise	baluarte
bastion	trust	de baluarte
grantee	anger	grantee
grantee	anticipation	grantee
grantee	disgust	grantee
grantee	fear	grantee
grantee	joy	grantee
grantee	negative	grantee
grantee	positive	grantee
grantee	sadness	grantee
grantee	surprise	grantee
grantee	trust	grantee
decayed	anger	deteriorado
decayed	anticipation	deteriorado
decayed	disgust	deteriorado
decayed	fear	deteriorado
decayed	joy	deteriorado
decayed	negative	deteriorado
decayed	positive	deteriorado
decayed	sadness	explosión
decayed	surprise	de explosión
decayed	trust	deteriorada
blast	anger	deteriorada
blast	anticipation	deteriorada
blast	disgust	explosión
blast	fear	de explosión
blast	joy	de explosión
blast	negative	de explosión
blast	positive	explosión
blast	sadness	de explosión
blast	surprise	de explosión
blast	trust	de explosión
wine	anger	vino
wine	anticipation	de vino
wine	disgust	de vino
wine	fear	de vino
wine	joy	vino
wine	negative	de vino
wine	positive	de vino
wine	sadness	de vino
wine	surprise	vino
wine	trust	de vino que
intervening	anger	interviene
intervening	anticipation	interviniendo
intervening	disgust	interviniendo
intervening	fear	interviniendo
intervening	joy	interviniendo
intervening	negative	interviniendo
intervening	positive	interviniendo
intervening	sadness	interviniendo
intervening	surprise	interviniendo
intervening	trust	interviniendo
grille	anger	reja
grille	anticipation	de reja
grille	disgust	de reja
grille	fear	de reja
grille	joy	reja
grille	negative	de reja
grille	positive	de reja
grille	sadness	de reja
grille	surprise	suerte
grille	trust	de suerte
luck	anger	de reja
luck	anticipation	de reja
luck	disgust	suerte
luck	fear	de suerte
luck	joy	de suerte
luck	negative	de suerte
luck	positive	suerte
luck	sadness	de suerte
luck	surprise	de suerte
luck	trust	de suerte
diplomat	anger	diplomat
diplomat	anticipation	diplomat
diplomat	disgust	diplomat
diplomat	fear	diplomat
diplomat	joy	diplomat
diplomat	negative	diplomat
diplomat	positive	diplomat
diplomat	sadness	diplomat
diplomat	surprise	diplomat
diplomat	trust	diplomat
handkerchief	anger	pañuelo
handkerchief	anticipation	de pañuelo
handkerchief	disgust	de pañuelo
handkerchief	fear	de pañuelo
handkerchief	joy	pañuelo
handkerchief	negative	de pañuelo
handkerchief	positive	de pañuelo
handkerchief	sadness	de pañuelo
handkerchief	surprise	pañuelo
handkerchief	trust	de pañuelo
foiled	anger	foiled
foiled	anticipation	foiled
foiled	disgust	foiled
foiled	fear	foiled
foiled	joy	foiled
foiled	negative	foiled
foiled	positive	foiled
foiled	sadness	foiled
foiled	surprise	foiled
foiled	trust	foiled
divergence	anger	divergencia
divergence	anticipation	de divergencia
divergence	disgust	de divergencia
divergence	fear	de divergencia
divergence	joy	divergencia
divergence	negative	de divergencia
divergence	positive	de divergencia
divergence	sadness	de divergencia
divergence	surprise	divergencia
divergence	trust	de divergencia
imperial	anger	imperial
imperial	anticipation	imperial
imperial	disgust	imperial
imperial	fear	imperial
imperial	joy	imperial
imperial	negative	imperial
imperial	positive	imperial
imperial	sadness	drenaje
imperial	surprise	de drenaje
imperial	trust	imperial
drainage	anger	imperial
drainage	anticipation	imperial
drainage	disgust	drenaje
drainage	fear	de drenaje
drainage	joy	de drenaje
drainage	negative	de drenaje
drainage	positive	drenaje
drainage	sadness	de drenaje
drainage	surprise	de drenaje
drainage	trust	de drenaje
beach	anger	playa
beach	anticipation	de playa
beach	disgust	de playa
beach	fear	de playa
beach	joy	playa
beach	negative	de playa
beach	positive	de playa
beach	sadness	de playa
beach	surprise	playa
beach	trust	de playa
affirm	anger	afirma
affirm	anticipation	afirmar
affirm	disgust	afirmar
affirm	fear	afirmar
affirm	joy	afirmar
affirm	negative	afirmar
affirm	positive	afirmar
affirm	sadness	afirmar
affirm	surprise	afirmar
affirm	trust	afirmar
hair	anger	cabello
hair	anticipation	de cabello
hair	disgust	de cabello
hair	fear	de cabello
hair	joy	cabello
hair	negative	de cabello
hair	positive	de cabello
hair	sadness	de cabello
hair	surprise	cabello
hair	trust	de cabello
hippie	anger	hippie
hippie	anticipation	hippie
hippie	disgust	hippie
hippie	fear	hippie
hippie	joy	hippie
hippie	negative	hippie
hippie	positive	hippie
hippie	sadness	hippie
hippie	surprise	hippie
hippie	trust	hippie
strive	anger	strive
strive	anticipation	strive
strive	disgust	strive
strive	fear	strive
strive	joy	strive
strive	negative	strive
strive	positive	strive
strive	sadness	strive
strive	surprise	strive
strive	trust	strive
glint	anger	glint
glint	anticipation	glint
glint	disgust	glint
glint	fear	glint
glint	joy	glint
glint	negative	glint
glint	positive	glint
glint	sadness	glint
glint	surprise	glint
glint	trust	glint
tie	anger	lazo
tie	anticipation	de lazo
tie	disgust	de lazo
tie	fear	de lazo
tie	joy	lazo
tie	negative	de lazo
tie	positive	de lazo
tie	sadness	de lazo
tie	surprise	lazo
tie	trust	de lazo
routine	anger	rutinario
routine	anticipation	rutinario
routine	disgust	rutinario
routine	fear	rutinario
routine	joy	rutinario
routine	negative	rutinario
routine	positive	rutinario
routine	sadness	neumonía
routine	surprise	de neumonía
routine	trust	rutinaria
pneumonia	anger	rutinaria
pneumonia	anticipation	rutinaria
pneumonia	disgust	neumonía
pneumonia	fear	de neumonía
pneumonia	joy	de neumonía
pneumonia	negative	de neumonía
pneumonia	positive	neumonía
pneumonia	sadness	de neumonía
pneumonia	surprise	de neumonía
pneumonia	trust	de neumonía
caries	anger	caries
caries	anticipation	caries
caries	disgust	caries
caries	fear	caries
caries	joy	caries
caries	negative	caries
caries	positive	caries
caries	sadness	caries
caries	surprise	caries
caries	trust	caries
balsamic	anger	balsamic
balsamic	anticipation	balsamic
balsamic	disgust	balsamic
balsamic	fear	balsamic
balsamic	joy	balsamic
balsamic	negative	balsamic
balsamic	positive	balsamic
balsamic	sadness	balsamic
balsamic	surprise	balsamic
balsamic	trust	balsamic
database	anger	base de datos
database	anticipation	de base de datos
database	disgust	de base de datos
database	fear	de base de datos
database	joy	base de datos
database	negative	de base de datos
database	positive	de base de datos
database	sadness	de base de datos
database	surprise	base de datos
database	trust	de base de datos
patter	anger	patter
patter	anticipation	patter
patter	disgust	patter
patter	fear	patter
patter	joy	patter
patter	negative	patter
patter	positive	patter
patter	sadness	patter
patter	surprise	patter
patter	trust	patter
thriving	anger	próspero
thriving	anticipation	próspero
thriving	disgust	próspero
thriving	fear	próspero
thriving	joy	próspero
thriving	negative	próspero
thriving	positive	próspero
thriving	sadness	robótica
thriving	surprise	de robótica
thriving	trust	próspera
robotics	anger	próspera
robotics	anticipation	próspera
robotics	disgust	robótica
robotics	fear	de robótica
robotics	joy	de robótica
robotics	negative	de robótica
robotics	positive	robótica
robotics	sadness	de robótica
robotics	surprise	de robótica
robotics	trust	de robótica
depot	anger	depósito
depot	anticipation	de depósito
depot	disgust	de depósito
depot	fear	de depósito
depot	joy	depósito
depot	negative	de depósito
depot	positive	de depósito
depot	sadness	de depósito
depot	surprise	depósito
depot	trust	de depósito
cranium	anger	cranium
cranium	anticipation	cranium
cranium	disgust	cranium
cranium	fear	cranium
cranium	joy	cranium
cranium	negative	cranium
cranium	positive	cranium
cranium	sadness	cranium
cranium	surprise	cranium
cranium	trust	cranium
mint	anger	menta
mint	anticipation	de menta
mint	disgust	de menta
mint	fear	de menta
mint	joy	menta
mint	negative	de menta
mint	positive	de menta
mint	sadness	de menta
mint	surprise	menta
mint	trust	de menta
sickening	anger	sickening
sickening	anticipation	sickening
sickening	disgust	sickening
sickening	fear	sickening
sickening	joy	sickening
sickening	negative	sickening
sickening	positive	sickening
sickening	sadness	sickening
sickening	surprise	sickening
sickening	trust	sickening
typhoon	anger	tifón
typhoon	anticipation	de tifón
typhoon	disgust	de tifón
typhoon	fear	de tifón
typhoon	joy	tifón
typhoon	negative	de tifón
typhoon	positive	de tifón
typhoon	sadness	de tifón
typhoon	surprise	tiburón
typhoon	trust	de tiburón
shark	anger	de tifón
shark	anticipation	de tifón
shark	disgust	tiburón
shark	fear	de tiburón
shark	joy	de tiburón
shark	negative	de tiburón
shark	positive	tiburón
shark	sadness	de tiburón
shark	surprise	de tiburón
shark	trust	de tiburón
pickup	anger	pickup
pickup	anticipation	pickup
pickup	disgust	pickup
pickup	fear	pickup
pickup	joy	pickup
pickup	negative	pickup
pickup	positive	pickup
pickup	sadness	pickup
pickup	surprise	pickup
pickup	trust	pickup
unbelief	anger	unbelief
unbelief	anticipation	unbelief
unbelief	disgust	unbelief
unbelief	fear	unbelief
unbelief	joy	unbelief
unbelief	negative	unbelief
unbelief	positive	unbelief
unbelief	sadness	unbelief
unbelief	surprise	unbelief
unbelief	trust	unbelief
inseparable	anger	inseparable
inseparable	anticipation	inseparable
inseparable	disgust	inseparable
inseparable	fear	inseparable
inseparable	joy	inseparable
inseparable	negative	inseparable
inseparable	positive	inseparable
inseparable	sadness	inseparable
inseparable	surprise	inseparable
inseparable	trust	inseparable
wary	anger	cauto
wary	anticipation	cauto
wary	disgust	cauto
wary	fear	cauto
wary	joy	cauto
wary	negative	cauto
wary	positive	cauto
wary	sadness	cauto
wary	surprise	cauto
wary	trust	cauto
medley	anger	medley
medley	anticipation	medley
medley	disgust	medley
medley	fear	medley
medley	joy	medley
medley	negative	medley
medley	positive	medley
medley	sadness	medley
medley	surprise	medley
medley	trust	medley
meteorite	anger	meteorito
meteorite	anticipation	de meteorito
meteorite	disgust	de meteorito
meteorite	fear	de meteorito
meteorite	joy	meteorito
meteorite	negative	de meteorito
meteorite	positive	de meteorito
meteorite	sadness	de meteorito
meteorite	surprise	timón
meteorite	trust	de timón
rudder	anger	de meteorito
rudder	anticipation	de meteorito
rudder	disgust	timón
rudder	fear	de timón
rudder	joy	de timón
rudder	negative	de timón
rudder	positive	timón
rudder	sadness	de timón
rudder	surprise	de timón
rudder	trust	de timón
fling	anger	fling
fling	anticipation	fling
fling	disgust	fling
fling	fear	fling
fling	joy	fling
fling	negative	fling
fling	positive	fling
fling	sadness	fling
fling	surprise	fling
fling	trust	fling
partnership	anger	sociedad
partnership	anticipation	de sociedad
partnership	disgust	de sociedad
partnership	fear	de sociedad
partnership	joy	sociedad
partnership	negative	de sociedad
partnership	positive	de sociedad
partnership	sadness	de sociedad
partnership	surprise	sociedad
partnership	trust	de sociedad
humid	anger	húmeda
humid	anticipation	húmedo
humid	disgust	húmedo
humid	fear	húmedo
humid	joy	húmedo
humid	negative	húmedo
humid	positive	húmedo
humid	sadness	dualismo
humid	surprise	de dualismo
humid	trust	húmedo
dualism	anger	húmedo
dualism	anticipation	húmedo
dualism	disgust	dualismo
dualism	fear	de dualismo
dualism	joy	de dualismo
dualism	negative	de dualismo
dualism	positive	dualismo
dualism	sadness	de dualismo
dualism	surprise	de dualismo
dualism	trust	de dualismo
haunt	anger	persigue
haunt	anticipation	perseguir
haunt	disgust	perseguir
haunt	fear	perseguir
haunt	joy	perseguir
haunt	negative	perseguir
haunt	positive	perseguir
haunt	sadness	perseguir
haunt	surprise	perseguir
haunt	trust	perseguir
neuter	anger	neutro
neuter	anticipation	neutro
neuter	disgust	neutro
neuter	fear	neutro
neuter	joy	neutro
neuter	negative	neutro
neuter	positive	neutro
neuter	sadness	electores
neuter	surprise	de electores
neuter	trust	neutros
constituents	anger	neutros
constituents	anticipation	neutros
constituents	disgust	electores
constituents	fear	de electores
constituents	joy	de electores
constituents	negative	de electores
constituents	positive	electores
constituents	sadness	de electores
constituents	surprise	de electores
constituents	trust	de electores
halter	anger	cabestro
halter	anticipation	de cabestro
halter	disgust	de cabestro
halter	fear	de cabestro
halter	joy	cabestro
halter	negative	de cabestro
halter	positive	de cabestro
halter	sadness	de cabestro
halter	surprise	cabestro
halter	trust	de cabestro
calculate	anger	calcula
calculate	anticipation	calcular
calculate	disgust	calcular
calculate	fear	calcular
calculate	joy	calcular
calculate	negative	calcular
calculate	positive	calcular
calculate	sadness	calcular
calculate	surprise	calcular
calculate	trust	calcular
shoot	anger	brote
shoot	anticipation	de brote
shoot	disgust	de brote
shoot	fear	de brote
shoot	joy	brote
shoot	negative	de brote
shoot	positive	de brote
shoot	sadness	de brote
shoot	surprise	brote
shoot	trust	de brote que
leading	anger	dirige
leading	anticipation	principal
leading	disgust	principal
leading	fear	principal
leading	joy	principal
leading	negative	principal
leading	positive	principal
leading	sadness	principal
leading	surprise	principal
leading	trust	principal
virtuous	anger	virtuous
virtuous	anticipation	virtuous
virtuous	disgust	virtuous
virtuous	fear	virtuous
virtuous	joy	virtuous
virtuous	negative	virtuous
virtuous	positive	virtuous
virtuous	sadness	virtuous
virtuous	surprise	virtuous
virtuous	trust	virtuous
ruthless	anger	cruel
ruthless	anticipation	cruel
ruthless	disgust	cruel
ruthless	fear	cruel
ruthless	joy	cruel
ruthless	negative	cruel
ruthless	positive	cruel
ruthless	sadness	trago
ruthless	surprise	de trago
ruthless	trust	cruel
draught	anger	cruel
draught	anticipation	cruel
draught	disgust	trago
draught	fear	de trago
draught	joy	de trago
draught	negative	de trago
draught	positive	trago
draught	sadness	de trago
draught	surprise	de trago
draught	trust	de trago
morgue	anger	morgue
morgue	anticipation	morgue
morgue	disgust	morgue
morgue	fear	morgue
morgue	joy	morgue
morgue	negative	morgue
morgue	positive	morgue
morgue	sadness	morgue
morgue	surprise	morgue
morgue	trust	morgue
indication	anger	indicación
indication	anticipation	de indicación
indication	disgust	de indicación
indication	fear	de indicación
indication	joy	indicación
indication	negative	de indicación
indication	positive	de indicación
indication	sadness	de indicación
indication	surprise	indicación
indication	trust	de indicación
knit	anger	teje
knit	anticipation	tejer
knit	disgust	tejer
knit	fear	tejer
knit	joy	tejer
knit	negative	tejer
knit	positive	tejer
knit	sadness	tejer
knit	surprise	tejer
knit	trust	tejer
advance	anger	avance
advance	anticipation	de avance
advance	disgust	de avance
advance	fear	de avance
advance	joy	avance
advance	negative	de avance
advance	positive	de avance
advance	sadness	de avance
advance	surprise	avance
advance	trust	de avance
ere	anger	antes de antes
ere	anticipation	de antes
ere	disgust	de antes
ere	fear	de antes
ere	joy	de antes
ere	negative	de antes
ere	positive	de antes
ere	sadness	de antes
ere	surprise	de antes
ere	trust	de offshoot
offshoot	anger	
offshoot	anticipation	offshoot
offshoot	disgust	offshoot
offshoot	fear	offshoot
offshoot	joy	offshoot
offshoot	negative	offshoot
offshoot	positive	offshoot
offshoot	sadness	offshoot
offshoot	surprise	offshoot
offshoot	trust	offshoot
benign	anger	benigno
benign	anticipation	benigno
benign	disgust	benigno
benign	fear	benigno
benign	joy	benigno
benign	negative	benigno
benign	positive	benigno
benign	sadness	benigno
benign	surprise	benigno
benign	trust	benigno
precede	anger	preceder
precede	anticipation	preceder
precede	disgust	preceder
precede	fear	preceder
precede	joy	preceder
precede	negative	preceder
precede	positive	preceder
precede	sadness	preceder
precede	surprise	preceder
precede	trust	preceder
lovemaking	anger	lovemaking
lovemaking	anticipation	lovemaking
lovemaking	disgust	lovemaking
lovemaking	fear	lovemaking
lovemaking	joy	lovemaking
lovemaking	negative	lovemaking
lovemaking	positive	lovemaking
lovemaking	sadness	lovemaking
lovemaking	surprise	lovemaking
lovemaking	trust	lovemaking
apocalyptic	anger	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	anticipation	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	disgust	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	fear	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	joy	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	negative	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	positive	apocalíptico
apocalyptic	sadness	templo
apocalyptic	surprise	de templo
apocalyptic	trust	apocalíptico
temple	anger	apocalíptico
temple	anticipation	apocalíptico
temple	disgust	templo
temple	fear	de templo
temple	joy	de templo
temple	negative	de templo
temple	positive	templo
temple	sadness	de templo
temple	surprise	de templo
temple	trust	de templo
daybreak	anger	daybreak
daybreak	anticipation	daybreak
daybreak	disgust	daybreak
daybreak	fear	daybreak
daybreak	joy	daybreak
daybreak	negative	daybreak
daybreak	positive	daybreak
daybreak	sadness	daybreak
daybreak	surprise	daybreak
daybreak	trust	daybreak
bloodshed	anger	carnicería
bloodshed	anticipation	de carnicería
bloodshed	disgust	de carnicería
bloodshed	fear	de carnicería
bloodshed	joy	carnicería
bloodshed	negative	de carnicería
bloodshed	positive	de carnicería
bloodshed	sadness	de carnicería
bloodshed	surprise	carnicería
bloodshed	trust	de carnicería
elliptical	anger	elíptica
elliptical	anticipation	elíptico
elliptical	disgust	elíptico
elliptical	fear	elíptico
elliptical	joy	elíptico
elliptical	negative	elíptico
elliptical	positive	elíptico
elliptical	sadness	mácula
elliptical	surprise	de mácula
elliptical	trust	elíptica
blemish	anger	elíptica
blemish	anticipation	elíptica
blemish	disgust	mácula
blemish	fear	de mácula
blemish	joy	de mácula
blemish	negative	de mácula
blemish	positive	mácula
blemish	sadness	de mácula
blemish	surprise	de mácula
blemish	trust	de mácula
unwritten	anger	unwritten
unwritten	anticipation	unwritten
unwritten	disgust	unwritten
unwritten	fear	unwritten
unwritten	joy	unwritten
unwritten	negative	unwritten
unwritten	positive	unwritten
unwritten	sadness	unwritten
unwritten	surprise	unwritten
unwritten	trust	unwritten
contradict	anger	contradice
contradict	anticipation	contradecir
contradict	disgust	contradecir
contradict	fear	contradecir
contradict	joy	contradecir
contradict	negative	contradecir
contradict	positive	contradecir
contradict	sadness	contradecir
contradict	surprise	contradecir
contradict	trust	contradecir
cliff	anger	acantilado
cliff	anticipation	de acantilado
cliff	disgust	de acantilado
cliff	fear	de acantilado
cliff	joy	acantilado
cliff	negative	de acantilado
cliff	positive	de acantilado
cliff	sadness	de acantilado
cliff	surprise	parsimonia
cliff	trust	de parsimonia
parsimony	anger	de acantilado
parsimony	anticipation	de acantilado
parsimony	disgust	parsimonia
parsimony	fear	de parsimonia
parsimony	joy	de parsimonia
parsimony	negative	de parsimonia
parsimony	positive	parsimonia
parsimony	sadness	de parsimonia
parsimony	surprise	de parsimonia
parsimony	trust	de parsimonia
boxer	anger	boxer
boxer	anticipation	boxer
boxer	disgust	boxer
boxer	fear	boxer
boxer	joy	boxer
boxer	negative	boxer
boxer	positive	boxer
boxer	sadness	boxer
boxer	surprise	boxer
boxer	trust	boxer
profusion	anger	profusion
profusion	anticipation	profusion
profusion	disgust	profusion
profusion	fear	profusion
profusion	joy	profusion
profusion	negative	profusion
profusion	positive	profusion
profusion	sadness	profusion
profusion	surprise	profusion
profusion	trust	profusion
preamble	anger	preámbulo
preamble	anticipation	de preámbulo
preamble	disgust	de preámbulo
preamble	fear	de preámbulo
preamble	joy	preámbulo
preamble	negative	de preámbulo
preamble	positive	de preámbulo
preamble	sadness	de preámbulo
preamble	surprise	jugador
preamble	trust	de jugador
player	anger	de preámbulo
player	anticipation	de preámbulo
player	disgust	jugador
player	fear	de jugador
player	joy	de jugador
player	negative	de jugador
player	positive	jugador
player	sadness	de jugador
player	surprise	de jugador
player	trust	de jugador
hourglass	anger	hourglass
hourglass	anticipation	hourglass
hourglass	disgust	hourglass
hourglass	fear	hourglass
hourglass	joy	hourglass
hourglass	negative	hourglass
hourglass	positive	hourglass
hourglass	sadness	hourglass
hourglass	surprise	hourglass
hourglass	trust	hourglass
diameter	anger	diámetro
diameter	anticipation	de diámetro
diameter	disgust	de diámetro
diameter	fear	de diámetro
diameter	joy	diámetro
diameter	negative	de diámetro
diameter	positive	de diámetro
diameter	sadness	de diámetro
diameter	surprise	diámetro
diameter	trust	de diámetro
frustrated	anger	frustró
frustrated	anticipation	frustrado
frustrated	disgust	frustró
frustrated	fear	frustrado
frustrated	joy	frustró
frustrated	negative	frustrado
frustrated	positive	frustró
frustrated	sadness	frustrado
frustrated	surprise	frustró
frustrated	trust	frustrado
solidity	anger	solidity
solidity	anticipation	solidity
solidity	disgust	solidity
solidity	fear	solidity
solidity	joy	solidity
solidity	negative	solidity
solidity	positive	solidity
solidity	sadness	solidity
solidity	surprise	solidity
solidity	trust	solidity
contravene	anger	contraviene
contravene	anticipation	contravenir
contravene	disgust	contravenir
contravene	fear	contravenir
contravene	joy	contravenir
contravene	negative	contravenir
contravene	positive	contravenir
contravene	sadness	contravenir
contravene	surprise	contravenir
contravene	trust	contravenir
expenses	anger	gastos
expenses	anticipation	de gastos
expenses	disgust	de gastos
expenses	fear	de gastos
expenses	joy	gastos
expenses	negative	de gastos
expenses	positive	de gastos
expenses	sadness	de gastos
expenses	surprise	acción
expenses	trust	de acción
action	anger	de gastos
action	anticipation	de gastos
action	disgust	acción
action	fear	de acción
action	joy	de acción
action	negative	de acción
action	positive	acción
action	sadness	de acción
action	surprise	de acción
action	trust	de acción
hallucination	anger	alucinación
hallucination	anticipation	de alucinación
hallucination	disgust	de alucinación
hallucination	fear	de alucinación
hallucination	joy	alucinación
hallucination	negative	de alucinación
hallucination	positive	de alucinación
hallucination	sadness	de alucinación
hallucination	surprise	brillo
hallucination	trust	de brillo
shine	anger	de alucinación
shine	anticipation	de alucinación
shine	disgust	brillo
shine	fear	de brillo
shine	joy	de brillo
shine	negative	de brillo
shine	positive	brillo
shine	sadness	de brillo
shine	surprise	de brillo
shine	trust	de brillo
destitute	anger	indigente
destitute	anticipation	de indigente
destitute	disgust	de indigente
destitute	fear	de indigente
destitute	joy	indigente
destitute	negative	de indigente
destitute	positive	de indigente
destitute	sadness	de indigente
destitute	surprise	indigente
destitute	trust	de indigente
loath	anger	loath
loath	anticipation	loath
loath	disgust	loath
loath	fear	loath
loath	joy	loath
loath	negative	loath
loath	positive	loath
loath	sadness	loath
loath	surprise	loath
loath	trust	loath
unconvinced	anger	unconvinced
unconvinced	anticipation	unconvinced
unconvinced	disgust	unconvinced
unconvinced	fear	unconvinced
unconvinced	joy	unconvinced
unconvinced	negative	unconvinced
unconvinced	positive	unconvinced
unconvinced	sadness	unconvinced
unconvinced	surprise	unconvinced
unconvinced	trust	unconvinced
recoil	anger	recoil
recoil	anticipation	recoil
recoil	disgust	recoil
recoil	fear	recoil
recoil	joy	recoil
recoil	negative	recoil
recoil	positive	recoil
recoil	sadness	recoil
recoil	surprise	recoil
recoil	trust	recoil
opponent	anger	adversario
opponent	anticipation	de adversario
opponent	disgust	de adversario
opponent	fear	de adversario
opponent	joy	adversario
opponent	negative	de adversario
opponent	positive	de adversario
opponent	sadness	de adversario
opponent	surprise	adversario
opponent	trust	de adversario
causal	anger	causal
causal	anticipation	causal
causal	disgust	causal
causal	fear	causal
causal	joy	causal
causal	negative	causal
causal	positive	causal
causal	sadness	natividad
causal	surprise	de natividad
causal	trust	causal
nativity	anger	causal
nativity	anticipation	causal
nativity	disgust	natividad
nativity	fear	de natividad
nativity	joy	de natividad
nativity	negative	de natividad
nativity	positive	natividad
nativity	sadness	de natividad
nativity	surprise	de natividad
nativity	trust	de natividad
finite	anger	finita
finite	anticipation	finito
finite	disgust	finito
finite	fear	finito
finite	joy	finito
finite	negative	finito
finite	positive	finito
finite	sadness	café
finite	surprise	de café
finite	trust	finito
coffee	anger	finito
coffee	anticipation	finito
coffee	disgust	café
coffee	fear	de café
coffee	joy	de café
coffee	negative	de café
coffee	positive	café
coffee	sadness	de café
coffee	surprise	de café
coffee	trust	de café
atmosphere	anger	atmósfera
atmosphere	anticipation	de atmósfera
atmosphere	disgust	de atmósfera
atmosphere	fear	de atmósfera
atmosphere	joy	atmósfera
atmosphere	negative	de atmósfera
atmosphere	positive	de atmósfera
atmosphere	sadness	de atmósfera
atmosphere	surprise	esclavo
atmosphere	trust	de esclavo
slave	anger	de atmósfera
slave	anticipation	de atmósfera
slave	disgust	esclavo
slave	fear	de esclavo
slave	joy	de esclavo
slave	negative	de esclavo
slave	positive	esclavo
slave	sadness	de esclavo
slave	surprise	de esclavo
slave	trust	de esclavo
dresser	anger	tocador
dresser	anticipation	de tocador
dresser	disgust	de tocador
dresser	fear	de tocador
dresser	joy	tocador
dresser	negative	de tocador
dresser	positive	de tocador
dresser	sadness	de tocador
dresser	surprise	tocador
dresser	trust	de tocador
canto	anger	canto
canto	anticipation	canto
canto	disgust	canto
canto	fear	canto
canto	joy	canto
canto	negative	canto
canto	positive	canto
canto	sadness	canto
canto	surprise	canto
canto	trust	canto
bur	anger	bur
bur	anticipation	bur
bur	disgust	bur
bur	fear	bur
bur	joy	bur
bur	negative	bur
bur	positive	bur
bur	sadness	bur
bur	surprise	bur
bur	trust	bur
buxom	anger	buxom
buxom	anticipation	buxom
buxom	disgust	buxom
buxom	fear	buxom
buxom	joy	buxom
buxom	negative	buxom
buxom	positive	buxom
buxom	sadness	buxom
buxom	surprise	buxom
buxom	trust	buxom
lord	anger	señor
lord	anticipation	de señor
lord	disgust	de señor
lord	fear	de señor
lord	joy	señor
lord	negative	de señor
lord	positive	de señor
lord	sadness	de señor
lord	surprise	folículo
lord	trust	de folículo
follicle	anger	de señor
follicle	anticipation	de señor
follicle	disgust	folículo
follicle	fear	de folículo
follicle	joy	de folículo
follicle	negative	de folículo
follicle	positive	folículo
follicle	sadness	de folículo
follicle	surprise	de folículo
follicle	trust	de folículo que
wanting	anger	quiere
wanting	anticipation	queriendo
wanting	disgust	queriendo
wanting	fear	queriendo
wanting	joy	queriendo
wanting	negative	queriendo
wanting	positive	queriendo
wanting	sadness	queriendo
wanting	surprise	queriendo
wanting	trust	queriendo
surprised	anger	sorprendió
surprised	anticipation	sorprendido
surprised	disgust	sorprendió
surprised	fear	sorprendido
surprised	joy	sorprendió
surprised	negative	sorprendido
surprised	positive	sorprendió
surprised	sadness	sorprendido
surprised	surprise	sorprendió
surprised	trust	sorprendido
congregate	anger	congregate
congregate	anticipation	congregate
congregate	disgust	congregate
congregate	fear	congregate
congregate	joy	congregate
congregate	negative	congregate
congregate	positive	congregate
congregate	sadness	congregate
congregate	surprise	congregate
congregate	trust	congregate
uninteresting	anger	uninteresting
uninteresting	anticipation	uninteresting
uninteresting	disgust	uninteresting
uninteresting	fear	uninteresting
uninteresting	joy	uninteresting
uninteresting	negative	uninteresting
uninteresting	positive	uninteresting
uninteresting	sadness	uninteresting
uninteresting	surprise	uninteresting
uninteresting	trust	uninteresting
disconnected	anger	disconnected
disconnected	anticipation	disconnected
disconnected	disgust	disconnected
disconnected	fear	disconnected
disconnected	joy	disconnected
disconnected	negative	disconnected
disconnected	positive	disconnected
disconnected	sadness	disconnected
disconnected	surprise	disconnected
disconnected	trust	disconnected
wafer	anger	wafer
wafer	anticipation	wafer
wafer	disgust	wafer
wafer	fear	wafer
wafer	joy	wafer
wafer	negative	wafer
wafer	positive	wafer
wafer	sadness	wafer
wafer	surprise	wafer
wafer	trust	wafer
inconsistency	anger	incongruencia
inconsistency	anticipation	de incongruencia
inconsistency	disgust	de incongruencia
inconsistency	fear	de incongruencia
inconsistency	joy	incongruencia
inconsistency	negative	de incongruencia
inconsistency	positive	de incongruencia
inconsistency	sadness	de incongruencia
inconsistency	surprise	incongruencia
inconsistency	trust	de incongruencia
elderly	anger	anciana
elderly	anticipation	anciano
elderly	disgust	anciano
elderly	fear	anciano
elderly	joy	anciano
elderly	negative	anciano
elderly	positive	anciano
elderly	sadness	aborto
elderly	surprise	de aborto
elderly	trust	anciano
abortion	anger	anciano
abortion	anticipation	anciano
abortion	disgust	aborto
abortion	fear	de aborto
abortion	joy	de aborto
abortion	negative	de aborto
abortion	positive	aborto
abortion	sadness	de aborto
abortion	surprise	de aborto
abortion	trust	de aborto
brunt	anger	brunt
brunt	anticipation	brunt
brunt	disgust	brunt
brunt	fear	brunt
brunt	joy	brunt
brunt	negative	brunt
brunt	positive	brunt
brunt	sadness	brunt
brunt	surprise	brunt
brunt	trust	brunt
incipient	anger	incipient
incipient	anticipation	incipient
incipient	disgust	incipient
incipient	fear	incipient
incipient	joy	incipient
incipient	negative	incipient
incipient	positive	incipient
incipient	sadness	incipient
incipient	surprise	incipient
incipient	trust	incipient
slate	anger	slate
slate	anticipation	slate
slate	disgust	slate
slate	fear	slate
slate	joy	slate
slate	negative	slate
slate	positive	slate
slate	sadness	slate
slate	surprise	slate
slate	trust	slate
fraction	anger	fracción
fraction	anticipation	de fracción
fraction	disgust	de fracción
fraction	fear	de fracción
fraction	joy	fracción
fraction	negative	de fracción
fraction	positive	de fracción
fraction	sadness	de fracción
fraction	surprise	fracción
fraction	trust	de fracción
connective	anger	connective
connective	anticipation	connective
connective	disgust	connective
connective	fear	connective
connective	joy	connective
connective	negative	connective
connective	positive	connective
connective	sadness	connective
connective	surprise	connective
connective	trust	connective
surveyor	anger	surveyor
surveyor	anticipation	surveyor
surveyor	disgust	surveyor
surveyor	fear	surveyor
surveyor	joy	surveyor
surveyor	negative	surveyor
surveyor	positive	surveyor
surveyor	sadness	surveyor
surveyor	surprise	surveyor
surveyor	trust	surveyor
interpolation	anger	interpolación
interpolation	anticipation	de interpolación
interpolation	disgust	de interpolación
interpolation	fear	de interpolación
interpolation	joy	interpolación
interpolation	negative	de interpolación
interpolation	positive	de interpolación
interpolation	sadness	de interpolación
interpolation	surprise	interpolación
interpolation	trust	de interpolación
widespread	anger	extendida
widespread	anticipation	extendido
widespread	disgust	extendido
widespread	fear	extendido
widespread	joy	extendido
widespread	negative	extendido
widespread	positive	extendido
widespread	sadness	extendido
widespread	surprise	extendido
widespread	trust	extendido
advocate	anger	defender
advocate	anticipation	defender
advocate	disgust	defender
advocate	fear	defender
advocate	joy	defender
advocate	negative	defender
advocate	positive	defender
advocate	sadness	defender
advocate	surprise	defender
advocate	trust	defender
utility	anger	utilidad
utility	anticipation	de utilidad
utility	disgust	de utilidad
utility	fear	de utilidad
utility	joy	utilidad
utility	negative	de utilidad
utility	positive	de utilidad
utility	sadness	de utilidad
utility	surprise	acto
utility	trust	de acto
act	anger	de utilidad
act	anticipation	de utilidad
act	disgust	acto
act	fear	de acto
act	joy	de acto
act	negative	de acto
act	positive	acto
act	sadness	de acto
act	surprise	de acto
act	trust	de acto
inventory	anger	inventario
inventory	anticipation	de inventario
inventory	disgust	de inventario
inventory	fear	de inventario
inventory	joy	inventario
inventory	negative	de inventario
inventory	positive	de inventario
inventory	sadness	de inventario
inventory	surprise	inventario
inventory	trust	de inventario
unconscious	anger	unconscious
unconscious	anticipation	unconscious
unconscious	disgust	unconscious
unconscious	fear	unconscious
unconscious	joy	unconscious
unconscious	negative	unconscious
unconscious	positive	unconscious
unconscious	sadness	unconscious
unconscious	surprise	unconscious
unconscious	trust	unconscious
throw	anger	echa
throw	anticipation	echar
throw	disgust	echar
throw	fear	echar
throw	joy	echar
throw	negative	echar
throw	positive	echar
throw	sadness	echar
throw	surprise	echar
throw	trust	echar
stolen	anger	robado
stolen	anticipation	robado
stolen	disgust	robado
stolen	fear	robado
stolen	joy	robado
stolen	negative	robado
stolen	positive	robado
stolen	sadness	robado
stolen	surprise	tirón
stolen	trust	de tirón
tug	anger	robado
tug	anticipation	robado
tug	disgust	tirón
tug	fear	de tirón
tug	joy	de tirón
tug	negative	de tirón
tug	positive	tirón
tug	sadness	de tirón
tug	surprise	de tirón
tug	trust	de tirón
college	anger	universitario
college	anticipation	universitario
college	disgust	universitario
college	fear	universitario
college	joy	universitario
college	negative	universitario
college	positive	universidad
college	sadness	universitaria
college	surprise	universitaria
college	trust	universitaria
coax	anger	coax
coax	anticipation	coax
coax	disgust	coax
coax	fear	coax
coax	joy	coax
coax	negative	coax
coax	positive	coax
coax	sadness	coax
coax	surprise	coax
coax	trust	coax
cheek	anger	mejilla
cheek	anticipation	de mejilla
cheek	disgust	de mejilla
cheek	fear	de mejilla
cheek	joy	mejilla
cheek	negative	de mejilla
cheek	positive	de mejilla
cheek	sadness	de mejilla
cheek	surprise	mejilla
cheek	trust	de mejilla
provide	anger	proporciona
provide	anticipation	proporcionar
provide	disgust	proporcionar
provide	fear	proporcionar
provide	joy	proporcionar
provide	negative	proporcionar
provide	positive	proporcionar
provide	sadness	proporcionar
provide	surprise	proporcionar
provide	trust	proporcionar
supreme	anger	supremo
supreme	anticipation	supremo
supreme	disgust	supremo
supreme	fear	supremo
supreme	joy	supremo
supreme	negative	supremo
supreme	positive	supremo
supreme	sadness	supremo
supreme	surprise	supremo
supreme	trust	supremo
wry	anger	torcido
wry	anticipation	torcido
wry	disgust	torcido
wry	fear	torcido
wry	joy	torcido
wry	negative	torcido
wry	positive	torcido
wry	sadness	torcido
wry	surprise	torcido
wry	trust	torcido
veneration	anger	veneration
veneration	anticipation	veneration
veneration	disgust	veneration
veneration	fear	veneration
veneration	joy	veneration
veneration	negative	veneration
veneration	positive	veneration
veneration	sadness	veneration
veneration	surprise	veneration
veneration	trust	veneration
sliver	anger	sliver
sliver	anticipation	sliver
sliver	disgust	sliver
sliver	fear	sliver
sliver	joy	sliver
sliver	negative	sliver
sliver	positive	sliver
sliver	sadness	sliver
sliver	surprise	sliver
sliver	trust	sliver
neighbor	anger	vecino
neighbor	anticipation	de vecino
neighbor	disgust	de vecino
neighbor	fear	de vecino
neighbor	joy	vecino
neighbor	negative	de vecino
neighbor	positive	de vecino
neighbor	sadness	de vecino
neighbor	surprise	vecino
neighbor	trust	de vecino que
lacking	anger	carece de
lacking	anticipation	falto
lacking	disgust	falto
lacking	fear	falto
lacking	joy	falto
lacking	negative	falto
lacking	positive	falto
lacking	sadness	falto
lacking	surprise	falto
lacking	trust	falto
collegiate	anger	colegial
collegiate	anticipation	colegial
collegiate	disgust	colegial
collegiate	fear	colegial
collegiate	joy	colegial
collegiate	negative	colegial
collegiate	positive	colegial
collegiate	sadness	refugio
collegiate	surprise	de refugio
collegiate	trust	colegial
shelter	anger	colegial
shelter	anticipation	colegial
shelter	disgust	refugio
shelter	fear	de refugio
shelter	joy	de refugio
shelter	negative	de refugio
shelter	positive	refugio
shelter	sadness	de refugio
shelter	surprise	de refugio
shelter	trust	de refugio
wheels	anger	ruedas
wheels	anticipation	de ruedas
wheels	disgust	de ruedas
wheels	fear	de ruedas
wheels	joy	ruedas
wheels	negative	de ruedas
wheels	positive	de ruedas
wheels	sadness	de ruedas
wheels	surprise	ruedas
wheels	trust	de ruedas
environ	anger	environ
environ	anticipation	environ
environ	disgust	environ
environ	fear	environ
environ	joy	environ
environ	negative	environ
environ	positive	environ
environ	sadness	environ
environ	surprise	environ
environ	trust	environ
cuticle	anger	cutícula
cuticle	anticipation	de cutícula
cuticle	disgust	de cutícula
cuticle	fear	de cutícula
cuticle	joy	cutícula
cuticle	negative	de cutícula
cuticle	positive	de cutícula
cuticle	sadness	de cutícula
cuticle	surprise	comentario
cuticle	trust	de comentario
commentary	anger	de cutícula
commentary	anticipation	de cutícula
commentary	disgust	comentario
commentary	fear	de comentario
commentary	joy	de comentario
commentary	negative	de comentario
commentary	positive	comentario
commentary	sadness	de comentario
commentary	surprise	de comentario
commentary	trust	de comentario
pilgrim	anger	peregrino
pilgrim	anticipation	de peregrino
pilgrim	disgust	de peregrino
pilgrim	fear	de peregrino
pilgrim	joy	peregrino
pilgrim	negative	de peregrino
pilgrim	positive	de peregrino
pilgrim	sadness	de peregrino
pilgrim	surprise	paréntesis
pilgrim	trust	de paréntesis
parenthesis	anger	de peregrino
parenthesis	anticipation	de peregrino
parenthesis	disgust	paréntesis
parenthesis	fear	de paréntesis
parenthesis	joy	de paréntesis
parenthesis	negative	de paréntesis
parenthesis	positive	paréntesis
parenthesis	sadness	de paréntesis
parenthesis	surprise	de paréntesis
parenthesis	trust	de paréntesis
psychosis	anger	psychosis
psychosis	anticipation	psychosis
psychosis	disgust	psychosis
psychosis	fear	psychosis
psychosis	joy	psychosis
psychosis	negative	psychosis
psychosis	positive	psychosis
psychosis	sadness	psychosis
psychosis	surprise	psychosis
psychosis	trust	psychosis
marketplace	anger	marketplace
marketplace	anticipation	marketplace
marketplace	disgust	marketplace
marketplace	fear	marketplace
marketplace	joy	marketplace
marketplace	negative	marketplace
marketplace	positive	marketplace
marketplace	sadness	marketplace
marketplace	surprise	marketplace
marketplace	trust	marketplace
wristwatch	anger	wristwatch
wristwatch	anticipation	wristwatch
wristwatch	disgust	wristwatch
wristwatch	fear	wristwatch
wristwatch	joy	wristwatch
wristwatch	negative	wristwatch
wristwatch	positive	wristwatch
wristwatch	sadness	wristwatch
wristwatch	surprise	wristwatch
wristwatch	trust	wristwatch
stack	anger	stack
stack	anticipation	stack
stack	disgust	stack
stack	fear	stack
stack	joy	stack
stack	negative	stack
stack	positive	stack
stack	sadness	stack
stack	surprise	stack
stack	trust	stack
quail	anger	codorniz
quail	anticipation	de codorniz
quail	disgust	de codorniz
quail	fear	de codorniz
quail	joy	codorniz
quail	negative	de codorniz
quail	positive	de codorniz
quail	sadness	de codorniz
quail	surprise	codorniz
quail	trust	de codorniz
gorge	anger	gorge
gorge	anticipation	gorge
gorge	disgust	gorge
gorge	fear	gorge
gorge	joy	gorge
gorge	negative	gorge
gorge	positive	gorge
gorge	sadness	gorge
gorge	surprise	gorge
gorge	trust	gorge
breve	anger	breve
breve	anticipation	breve
breve	disgust	breve
breve	fear	breve
breve	joy	breve
breve	negative	breve
breve	positive	breve
breve	sadness	breve
breve	surprise	breve
breve	trust	breve
lemma	anger	lema
lemma	anticipation	de lema
lemma	disgust	de lema
lemma	fear	de lema
lemma	joy	lema
lemma	negative	de lema
lemma	positive	de lema
lemma	sadness	de lema
lemma	surprise	masoquismo
lemma	trust	de masoquismo
masochism	anger	de lema
masochism	anticipation	de lema
masochism	disgust	masoquismo
masochism	fear	de masoquismo
masochism	joy	de masoquismo
masochism	negative	de masoquismo
masochism	positive	masoquismo
masochism	sadness	de masoquismo
masochism	surprise	de masoquismo
masochism	trust	de masoquismo
noxious	anger	noxious
noxious	anticipation	noxious
noxious	disgust	noxious
noxious	fear	noxious
noxious	joy	noxious
noxious	negative	noxious
noxious	positive	noxious
noxious	sadness	noxious
noxious	surprise	noxious
noxious	trust	noxious
molded	anger	molded
molded	anticipation	molded
molded	disgust	molded
molded	fear	molded
molded	joy	molded
molded	negative	molded
molded	positive	molded
molded	sadness	molded
molded	surprise	molded
molded	trust	molded
dormitory	anger	dormitory
dormitory	anticipation	dormitory
dormitory	disgust	dormitory
dormitory	fear	dormitory
dormitory	joy	dormitory
dormitory	negative	dormitory
dormitory	positive	dormitory
dormitory	sadness	dormitory
dormitory	surprise	dormitory
dormitory	trust	dormitory
betting	anger	apuesta
betting	anticipation	de apuesta
betting	disgust	de apuesta
betting	fear	de apuesta
betting	joy	apuesta
betting	negative	de apuesta
betting	positive	de apuesta
betting	sadness	de apuesta
betting	surprise	apuesta
betting	trust	de apuesta
downright	anger	downright
downright	anticipation	downright
downright	disgust	downright
downright	fear	downright
downright	joy	downright
downright	negative	downright
downright	positive	downright
downright	sadness	downright
downright	surprise	downright
downright	trust	downright
withered	anger	marchito
withered	anticipation	marchito
withered	disgust	marchito
withered	fear	marchito
withered	joy	marchito
withered	negative	marchito
withered	positive	marchito
withered	sadness	coronel
withered	surprise	de coronel
withered	trust	marchito
colonel	anger	marchito
colonel	anticipation	marchito
colonel	disgust	coronel
colonel	fear	de coronel
colonel	joy	de coronel
colonel	negative	de coronel
colonel	positive	coronel
colonel	sadness	de coronel
colonel	surprise	de coronel
colonel	trust	de coronel que
understanding	anger	entiende
understanding	anticipation	comprensivo
understanding	disgust	comprensivo
understanding	fear	comprensivo
understanding	joy	comprensivo
understanding	negative	comprensivo
understanding	positive	comprensivo
understanding	sadness	comprensivo
understanding	surprise	comprensivo
understanding	trust	comprensivo
surpassing	anger	superando
surpassing	anticipation	superando
surpassing	disgust	superando
surpassing	fear	superando
surpassing	joy	superando
surpassing	negative	superando
surpassing	positive	superando
surpassing	sadness	superando
surpassing	surprise	superando
surpassing	trust	superando
rapids	anger	rapids
rapids	anticipation	rapids
rapids	disgust	rapids
rapids	fear	rapids
rapids	joy	rapids
rapids	negative	rapids
rapids	positive	rapids
rapids	sadness	rapids
rapids	surprise	rapids
rapids	trust	rapids
pandemic	anger	pandemic
pandemic	anticipation	pandemic
pandemic	disgust	pandemic
pandemic	fear	pandemic
pandemic	joy	pandemic
pandemic	negative	pandemic
pandemic	positive	pandemic
pandemic	sadness	pandemic
pandemic	surprise	pandemic
pandemic	trust	pandemic
dishonesty	anger	dishonesty
dishonesty	anticipation	dishonesty
dishonesty	disgust	dishonesty
dishonesty	fear	dishonesty
dishonesty	joy	dishonesty
dishonesty	negative	dishonesty
dishonesty	positive	dishonesty
dishonesty	sadness	dishonesty
dishonesty	surprise	dishonesty
dishonesty	trust	dishonesty
stuffy	anger	stuffy
stuffy	anticipation	stuffy
stuffy	disgust	stuffy
stuffy	fear	stuffy
stuffy	joy	stuffy
stuffy	negative	stuffy
stuffy	positive	stuffy
stuffy	sadness	stuffy
stuffy	surprise	stuffy
stuffy	trust	stuffy
sheer	anger	sheer
sheer	anticipation	sheer
sheer	disgust	sheer
sheer	fear	sheer
sheer	joy	sheer
sheer	negative	sheer
sheer	positive	sheer
sheer	sadness	sheer
sheer	surprise	sheer
sheer	trust	sheer
sharpen	anger	agudiza
sharpen	anticipation	agudizar
sharpen	disgust	agudizar
sharpen	fear	agudizar
sharpen	joy	agudizar
sharpen	negative	agudizar
sharpen	positive	agudizar
sharpen	sadness	agudizar
sharpen	surprise	agudizar
sharpen	trust	agudizar
joyful	anger	joyful
joyful	anticipation	joyful
joyful	disgust	joyful
joyful	fear	joyful
joyful	joy	joyful
joyful	negative	joyful
joyful	positive	joyful
joyful	sadness	joyful
joyful	surprise	joyful
joyful	trust	joyful
deleterious	anger	deleterious
deleterious	anticipation	deleterious
deleterious	disgust	deleterious
deleterious	fear	deleterious
deleterious	joy	deleterious
deleterious	negative	deleterious
deleterious	positive	deleterious
deleterious	sadness	deleterious
deleterious	surprise	deleterious
deleterious	trust	deleterious
warming	anger	calentamiento
warming	anticipation	de calentamiento
warming	disgust	de calentamiento
warming	fear	de calentamiento
warming	joy	calentamiento
warming	negative	de calentamiento
warming	positive	de calentamiento
warming	sadness	de calentamiento
warming	surprise	el calentamiento que
warming	trust	calienta
unobtrusive	anger	discreto
unobtrusive	anticipation	discreto
unobtrusive	disgust	discreto
unobtrusive	fear	discreto
unobtrusive	joy	discreto
unobtrusive	negative	discreto
unobtrusive	positive	discreto
unobtrusive	sadness	discreto
unobtrusive	surprise	discreto
unobtrusive	trust	discreto
memorabilia	anger	memorabilia
memorabilia	anticipation	memorabilia
memorabilia	disgust	memorabilia
memorabilia	fear	memorabilia
memorabilia	joy	memorabilia
memorabilia	negative	memorabilia
memorabilia	positive	memorabilia
memorabilia	sadness	memorabilia
memorabilia	surprise	memorabilia
memorabilia	trust	memorabilia
aeronautics	anger	aeronautics
aeronautics	anticipation	aeronautics
aeronautics	disgust	aeronautics
aeronautics	fear	aeronautics
aeronautics	joy	aeronautics
aeronautics	negative	aeronautics
aeronautics	positive	aeronautics
aeronautics	sadness	aeronautics
aeronautics	surprise	aeronautics
aeronautics	trust	aeronautics
chromatography	anger	cromatografía
chromatography	anticipation	de cromatografía
chromatography	disgust	de cromatografía
chromatography	fear	de cromatografía
chromatography	joy	cromatografía
chromatography	negative	de cromatografía
chromatography	positive	de cromatografía
chromatography	sadness	de cromatografía
chromatography	surprise	contrabando
chromatography	trust	de contrabando
smuggling	anger	de cromatografía
smuggling	anticipation	de cromatografía
smuggling	disgust	contrabando
smuggling	fear	de contrabando
smuggling	joy	de contrabando
smuggling	negative	de contrabando
smuggling	positive	contrabando
smuggling	sadness	de contrabando
smuggling	surprise	de contrabando
smuggling	trust	de contrabando
quiz	anger	concurso
quiz	anticipation	de concurso
quiz	disgust	de concurso
quiz	fear	de concurso
quiz	joy	concurso
quiz	negative	de concurso
quiz	positive	de concurso
quiz	sadness	de concurso
quiz	surprise	concurso
quiz	trust	de concurso
cardinal	anger	cardinal
cardinal	anticipation	cardinal
cardinal	disgust	cardinal
cardinal	fear	cardinal
cardinal	joy	cardinal
cardinal	negative	cardinal
cardinal	positive	cardenal
cardinal	sadness	cardinal
cardinal	surprise	cardinal
cardinal	trust	cardinal
bridle	anger	bridle
bridle	anticipation	bridle
bridle	disgust	bridle
bridle	fear	bridle
bridle	joy	bridle
bridle	negative	bridle
bridle	positive	bridle
bridle	sadness	bridle
bridle	surprise	bridle
bridle	trust	bridle
intolerant	anger	intolerant
intolerant	anticipation	intolerant
intolerant	disgust	intolerant
intolerant	fear	intolerant
intolerant	joy	intolerant
intolerant	negative	intolerant
intolerant	positive	intolerant
intolerant	sadness	intolerant
intolerant	surprise	intolerant
intolerant	trust	intolerant
residue	anger	residuo
residue	anticipation	de residuo
residue	disgust	de residuo
residue	fear	de residuo
residue	joy	residuo
residue	negative	de residuo
residue	positive	de residuo
residue	sadness	de residuo
residue	surprise	residuo
residue	trust	de residuo
lymphatic	anger	linfático
lymphatic	anticipation	linfático
lymphatic	disgust	linfático
lymphatic	fear	linfático
lymphatic	joy	linfático
lymphatic	negative	linfático
lymphatic	positive	linfático
lymphatic	sadness	linfático
lymphatic	surprise	linfático
lymphatic	trust	linfático
damn	anger	damn
damn	anticipation	damn
damn	disgust	damn
damn	fear	damn
damn	joy	damn
damn	negative	damn
damn	positive	damn
damn	sadness	damn
damn	surprise	damn
damn	trust	damn
league	anger	liga
league	anticipation	de liga
league	disgust	de liga
league	fear	de liga
league	joy	liga
league	negative	de liga
league	positive	de liga
league	sadness	de liga
league	surprise	liga
league	trust	de liga
sturgeon	anger	sturgeon
sturgeon	anticipation	sturgeon
sturgeon	disgust	sturgeon
sturgeon	fear	sturgeon
sturgeon	joy	sturgeon
sturgeon	negative	sturgeon
sturgeon	positive	sturgeon
sturgeon	sadness	sturgeon
sturgeon	surprise	sturgeon
sturgeon	trust	sturgeon
billy	anger	billy
billy	anticipation	
billy	disgust	billy
billy	fear	billy
billy	joy	billy
billy	negative	billy
billy	positive	billy
billy	sadness	billy
billy	surprise	billy
billy	trust	billy
torture	anger	billy
torture	anticipation	tortura de tortura
torture	disgust	de tortura
torture	fear	de tortura
torture	joy	tortura
torture	negative	de tortura
torture	positive	de tortura
torture	sadness	de tortura
torture	surprise	tortura
torture	trust	de tortura
hegemonic	anger	hegemónica
hegemonic	anticipation	hegemónico
hegemonic	disgust	hegemónico
hegemonic	fear	hegemónico
hegemonic	joy	hegemónico
hegemonic	negative	hegemónico
hegemonic	positive	hegemónico
hegemonic	sadness	instinto
hegemonic	surprise	de instinto
hegemonic	trust	hegemónico
instinct	anger	hegemónico
instinct	anticipation	hegemónico
instinct	disgust	instinto
instinct	fear	de instinto
instinct	joy	de instinto
instinct	negative	de instinto
instinct	positive	instinto
instinct	sadness	de instinto
instinct	surprise	de instinto
instinct	trust	de instinto
rearrangement	anger	rearrangement
rearrangement	anticipation	rearrangement
rearrangement	disgust	rearrangement
rearrangement	fear	rearrangement
rearrangement	joy	rearrangement
rearrangement	negative	rearrangement
rearrangement	positive	rearrangement
rearrangement	sadness	rearrangement
rearrangement	surprise	rearrangement
rearrangement	trust	rearrangement
dare	anger	osa
dare	anticipation	osar
dare	disgust	osar
dare	fear	osar
dare	joy	osar
dare	negative	osar
dare	positive	osar
dare	sadness	osar
dare	surprise	osar
dare	trust	osar
succeed	anger	tener éxito
succeed	anticipation	tener éxito
succeed	disgust	tener éxito
succeed	fear	tener éxito
succeed	joy	tener éxito
succeed	negative	tener éxito
succeed	positive	tener éxito
succeed	sadness	tener éxito
succeed	surprise	tener éxito
succeed	trust	tener éxito
provocation	anger	provocación
provocation	anticipation	de provocación
provocation	disgust	de provocación
provocation	fear	de provocación
provocation	joy	provocación
provocation	negative	de provocación
provocation	positive	de provocación
provocation	sadness	de provocación
provocation	surprise	poeta
provocation	trust	de poeta
poet	anger	de provocación
poet	anticipation	de provocación
poet	disgust	poeta
poet	fear	de poeta
poet	joy	de poeta
poet	negative	de poeta
poet	positive	poeta
poet	sadness	de poeta
poet	surprise	de poeta
poet	trust	de poeta
microscopy	anger	microscopia
microscopy	anticipation	de microscopia
microscopy	disgust	de microscopia
microscopy	fear	de microscopia
microscopy	joy	microscopia
microscopy	negative	de microscopia
microscopy	positive	de microscopia
microscopy	sadness	de microscopia
microscopy	surprise	puerta
microscopy	trust	de puerta
gate	anger	de microscopia
gate	anticipation	de microscopia
gate	disgust	puerta
gate	fear	de puerta
gate	joy	de puerta
gate	negative	de puerta
gate	positive	puerta
gate	sadness	de puerta
gate	surprise	de puerta
gate	trust	de puerta
recombinant	anger	recombinant
recombinant	anticipation	recombinant
recombinant	disgust	recombinant
recombinant	fear	recombinant
recombinant	joy	recombinant
recombinant	negative	recombinant
recombinant	positive	recombinant
recombinant	sadness	recombinant
recombinant	surprise	recombinant
recombinant	trust	recombinant
friction	anger	fricción
friction	anticipation	de fricción
friction	disgust	de fricción
friction	fear	de fricción
friction	joy	fricción
friction	negative	de fricción
friction	positive	de fricción
friction	sadness	de fricción
friction	surprise	fricción
friction	trust	de fricción
sincere	anger	sincera
sincere	anticipation	sincero
sincere	disgust	sincero
sincere	fear	sincero
sincere	joy	sincero
sincere	negative	sincero
sincere	positive	sincero
sincere	sadness	sincero
sincere	surprise	sincero
sincere	trust	sincero
phonics	anger	phonics
phonics	anticipation	phonics
phonics	disgust	phonics
phonics	fear	phonics
phonics	joy	phonics
phonics	negative	phonics
phonics	positive	phonics
phonics	sadness	phonics
phonics	surprise	phonics
phonics	trust	phonics
diminution	anger	diminution
diminution	anticipation	diminution
diminution	disgust	diminution
diminution	fear	diminution
diminution	joy	diminution
diminution	negative	diminution
diminution	positive	diminution
diminution	sadness	diminution
diminution	surprise	diminution
diminution	trust	diminution
truss	anger	truss
truss	anticipation	truss
truss	disgust	truss
truss	fear	truss
truss	joy	truss
truss	negative	truss
truss	positive	truss
truss	sadness	truss
truss	surprise	truss
truss	trust	truss
emaciated	anger	emaciated
emaciated	anticipation	emaciated
emaciated	disgust	emaciated
emaciated	fear	emaciated
emaciated	joy	emaciated
emaciated	negative	emaciated
emaciated	positive	emaciated
emaciated	sadness	emaciated
emaciated	surprise	emaciated
emaciated	trust	emaciated
particularity	anger	particularity
particularity	anticipation	particularity
particularity	disgust	particularity
particularity	fear	particularity
particularity	joy	particularity
particularity	negative	particularity
particularity	positive	particularity
particularity	sadness	particularity
particularity	surprise	particularity
particularity	trust	particularity
mischief	anger	mischief
mischief	anticipation	mischief
mischief	disgust	mischief
mischief	fear	mischief
mischief	joy	mischief
mischief	negative	mischief
mischief	positive	mischief
mischief	sadness	mischief
mischief	surprise	mischief
mischief	trust	mischief
sportsman	anger	deportista
sportsman	anticipation	de deportista
sportsman	disgust	de deportista
sportsman	fear	de deportista
sportsman	joy	deportista
sportsman	negative	de deportista
sportsman	positive	de deportista
sportsman	sadness	de deportista
sportsman	surprise	refinería
sportsman	trust	de refinería
refinery	anger	de deportista
refinery	anticipation	de deportista
refinery	disgust	refinería
refinery	fear	de refinería
refinery	joy	de refinería
refinery	negative	de refinería
refinery	positive	refinería
refinery	sadness	de refinería
refinery	surprise	de refinería
refinery	trust	de refinería
predispose	anger	predispose
predispose	anticipation	predispose
predispose	disgust	predispose
predispose	fear	predispose
predispose	joy	predispose
predispose	negative	predispose
predispose	positive	predispose
predispose	sadness	predispose
predispose	surprise	predispose
predispose	trust	predispose
description	anger	descripción
description	anticipation	de descripción
description	disgust	de descripción
description	fear	de descripción
description	joy	descripción
description	negative	de descripción
description	positive	de descripción
description	sadness	de descripción
description	surprise	descripción
description	trust	de descripción
molten	anger	molten
molten	anticipation	molten
molten	disgust	molten
molten	fear	molten
molten	joy	molten
molten	negative	molten
molten	positive	molten
molten	sadness	molten
molten	surprise	molten
molten	trust	molten
continuation	anger	continuación
continuation	anticipation	de continuación
continuation	disgust	de continuación
continuation	fear	de continuación
continuation	joy	continuación
continuation	negative	de continuación
continuation	positive	de continuación
continuation	sadness	de continuación
continuation	surprise	continuación
continuation	trust	de continuación
twilight	anger	crepuscular
twilight	anticipation	crepuscular
twilight	disgust	crepuscular
twilight	fear	crepuscular
twilight	joy	crepuscular
twilight	negative	crepuscular
twilight	positive	crepuscular
twilight	sadness	flexibilidad
twilight	surprise	de flexibilidad
twilight	trust	crepuscular
flexibility	anger	crepuscular
flexibility	anticipation	crepuscular
flexibility	disgust	flexibilidad
flexibility	fear	de flexibilidad
flexibility	joy	de flexibilidad
flexibility	negative	de flexibilidad
flexibility	positive	flexibilidad
flexibility	sadness	de flexibilidad
flexibility	surprise	de flexibilidad
flexibility	trust	de flexibilidad
kiosk	anger	quiosco
kiosk	anticipation	de quiosco
kiosk	disgust	de quiosco
kiosk	fear	de quiosco
kiosk	joy	quiosco
kiosk	negative	de quiosco
kiosk	positive	de quiosco
kiosk	sadness	de quiosco
kiosk	surprise	quiosco
kiosk	trust	de quiosco
tangle	anger	tangle
tangle	anticipation	tangle
tangle	disgust	tangle
tangle	fear	tangle
tangle	joy	tangle
tangle	negative	tangle
tangle	positive	tangle
tangle	sadness	tangle
tangle	surprise	tangle
tangle	trust	tangle
damned	anger	maldito
damned	anticipation	maldito
damned	disgust	maldito
damned	fear	maldito
damned	joy	maldito
damned	negative	maldito
damned	positive	maldito
damned	sadness	maldito
damned	surprise	maldito
damned	trust	maldito
arid	anger	árido
arid	anticipation	árido
arid	disgust	árido
arid	fear	árido
arid	joy	árido
arid	negative	árido
arid	positive	árido
arid	sadness	árido
arid	surprise	árido
arid	trust	árido
purse	anger	purse
purse	anticipation	purse
purse	disgust	purse
purse	fear	purse
purse	joy	purse
purse	negative	purse
purse	positive	purse
purse	sadness	purse
purse	surprise	purse
purse	trust	purse
denunciation	anger	denuncia
denunciation	anticipation	de denuncia
denunciation	disgust	de denuncia
denunciation	fear	de denuncia
denunciation	joy	denuncia
denunciation	negative	de denuncia
denunciation	positive	de denuncia
denunciation	sadness	de denuncia
denunciation	surprise	llama
denunciation	trust	de llama
flame	anger	de denuncia
flame	anticipation	de denuncia
flame	disgust	llama
flame	fear	de llama
flame	joy	de llama
flame	negative	de llama
flame	positive	llama
flame	sadness	de llama
flame	surprise	de llama
flame	trust	de llama
bushel	anger	bushel
bushel	anticipation	bushel
bushel	disgust	bushel
bushel	fear	bushel
bushel	joy	bushel
bushel	negative	bushel
bushel	positive	bushel
bushel	sadness	bushel
bushel	surprise	bushel
bushel	trust	bushel
natal	anger	natal
natal	anticipation	natal
natal	disgust	natal
natal	fear	natal
natal	joy	natal
natal	negative	natal
natal	positive	natal
natal	sadness	diócesis
natal	surprise	de diócesis
natal	trust	natal
diocese	anger	natal
diocese	anticipation	natal
diocese	disgust	diócesis
diocese	fear	de diócesis
diocese	joy	de diócesis
diocese	negative	de diócesis
diocese	positive	diócesis
diocese	sadness	de diócesis
diocese	surprise	de diócesis
diocese	trust	de diócesis
shopping	anger	compra
shopping	anticipation	de compra
shopping	disgust	de compra
shopping	fear	de compra
shopping	joy	compra
shopping	negative	de compra
shopping	positive	de compra
shopping	sadness	de compra
shopping	surprise	escepticismo
shopping	trust	de escepticismo
scepticism	anger	de compra
scepticism	anticipation	de compra
scepticism	disgust	escepticismo
scepticism	fear	de escepticismo
scepticism	joy	de escepticismo
scepticism	negative	de escepticismo
scepticism	positive	escepticismo
scepticism	sadness	de escepticismo
scepticism	surprise	de escepticismo
scepticism	trust	de escepticismo
series	anger	serie
series	anticipation	de serie
series	disgust	de serie
series	fear	de serie
series	joy	serie
series	negative	de serie
series	positive	de serie
series	sadness	de serie
series	surprise	serie
series	trust	de serie
ciao	anger	ciao
ciao	anticipation	ciao
ciao	disgust	ciao
ciao	fear	ciao
ciao	joy	ciao
ciao	negative	ciao
ciao	positive	ciao
ciao	sadness	ciao
ciao	surprise	ciao
ciao	trust	ciao
suicidal	anger	suicida
suicidal	anticipation	suicida
suicidal	disgust	suicida
suicidal	fear	suicida
suicidal	joy	suicida
suicidal	negative	suicida
suicidal	positive	suicida
suicidal	sadness	suicida
suicidal	surprise	suicida
suicidal	trust	suicida
conservative	anger	conservador
conservative	anticipation	conservador
conservative	disgust	conservador
conservative	fear	conservador
conservative	joy	conservador
conservative	negative	conservador
conservative	positive	conservador
conservative	sadness	estrógeno
conservative	surprise	de estrógeno
conservative	trust	conservador
oestrogen	anger	conservador
oestrogen	anticipation	conservador
oestrogen	disgust	estrógeno
oestrogen	fear	de estrógeno
oestrogen	joy	de estrógeno
oestrogen	negative	de estrógeno
oestrogen	positive	estrógeno
oestrogen	sadness	de estrógeno
oestrogen	surprise	de estrógeno
oestrogen	trust	de estrógeno
denounce	anger	denuncia
denounce	anticipation	denunciar
denounce	disgust	denunciar
denounce	fear	denunciar
denounce	joy	denunciar
denounce	negative	denunciar
denounce	positive	denunciar
denounce	sadness	denunciar
denounce	surprise	denunciar
denounce	trust	denunciar
befitting	anger	befitting
befitting	anticipation	befitting
befitting	disgust	befitting
befitting	fear	befitting
befitting	joy	befitting
befitting	negative	befitting
befitting	positive	befitting
befitting	sadness	befitting
befitting	surprise	befitting
befitting	trust	befitting
terrace	anger	terraza
terrace	anticipation	de terraza
terrace	disgust	de terraza
terrace	fear	de terraza
terrace	joy	terraza
terrace	negative	de terraza
terrace	positive	de terraza
terrace	sadness	de terraza
terrace	surprise	terraza
terrace	trust	de terraza
shatter	anger	destroza
shatter	anticipation	destrozar
shatter	disgust	destrozar
shatter	fear	destrozar
shatter	joy	destrozar
shatter	negative	destrozar
shatter	positive	destrozar
shatter	sadness	destrozar
shatter	surprise	destrozar
shatter	trust	destrozar
syllable	anger	sílaba
syllable	anticipation	de sílaba
syllable	disgust	de sílaba
syllable	fear	de sílaba
syllable	joy	sílaba
syllable	negative	de sílaba
syllable	positive	de sílaba
syllable	sadness	de sílaba
syllable	surprise	sílaba
syllable	trust	de sílaba
obstructive	anger	obstructiva
obstructive	anticipation	obstructivo
obstructive	disgust	obstructivo
obstructive	fear	obstructivo
obstructive	joy	obstructivo
obstructive	negative	obstructivo
obstructive	positive	obstructivo
obstructive	sadness	compra
obstructive	surprise	de compra
obstructive	trust	obstructiva
purchase	anger	obstructiva
purchase	anticipation	obstructiva
purchase	disgust	compra
purchase	fear	de compra
purchase	joy	de compra
purchase	negative	de compra
purchase	positive	compra
purchase	sadness	de compra
purchase	surprise	de compra
purchase	trust	de compra
engraver	anger	engraver
engraver	anticipation	engraver
engraver	disgust	engraver
engraver	fear	engraver
engraver	joy	engraver
engraver	negative	engraver
engraver	positive	engraver
engraver	sadness	engraver
engraver	surprise	engraver
engraver	trust	engraver
running	anger	corriendo
running	anticipation	corriendo
running	disgust	corriendo
running	fear	corriendo
running	joy	corriendo
running	negative	corriendo
running	positive	corriendo
running	sadness	corriendo
running	surprise	corriendo
running	trust	corriendo
forefathers	anger	forefathers
forefathers	anticipation	forefathers
forefathers	disgust	forefathers
forefathers	fear	forefathers
forefathers	joy	forefathers
forefathers	negative	forefathers
forefathers	positive	forefathers
forefathers	sadness	forefathers
forefathers	surprise	forefathers
forefathers	trust	forefathers
syllabus	anger	syllabus
syllabus	anticipation	syllabus
syllabus	disgust	syllabus
syllabus	fear	syllabus
syllabus	joy	syllabus
syllabus	negative	syllabus
syllabus	positive	syllabus
syllabus	sadness	syllabus
syllabus	surprise	syllabus
syllabus	trust	syllabus
nervous	anger	nervioso
nervous	anticipation	nervioso
nervous	disgust	nervioso
nervous	fear	nervioso
nervous	joy	nervioso
nervous	negative	nervioso
nervous	positive	nervioso
nervous	sadness	nervioso
nervous	surprise	nervioso
nervous	trust	nervioso
aligned	anger	alineó
aligned	anticipation	alineado
aligned	disgust	alineó
aligned	fear	alineado
aligned	joy	alineó
aligned	negative	alineado
aligned	positive	alineó
aligned	sadness	alineado
aligned	surprise	alineó
aligned	trust	aprehensión
apprehension	anger	de aprehensión
apprehension	anticipation	de aprehensión
apprehension	disgust	alineada
apprehension	fear	aprehensión
apprehension	joy	de aprehensión
apprehension	negative	de aprehensión
apprehension	positive	de aprehensión
apprehension	sadness	tritio
apprehension	surprise	de aprehensión
apprehension	trust	de aprehensión
tritium	anger	de aprehensión
tritium	anticipation	tritio
tritium	disgust	de tritio
tritium	fear	de tritio
tritium	joy	de tritio
tritium	negative	tritio
tritium	positive	de tritio
tritium	sadness	de tritio
tritium	surprise	de tritio
tritium	trust	tritio
refrigerate	anger	refrigerate
refrigerate	anticipation	refrigerate
refrigerate	disgust	refrigerate
refrigerate	fear	refrigerate
refrigerate	joy	refrigerate
refrigerate	negative	refrigerate
refrigerate	positive	refrigerate
refrigerate	sadness	refrigerate
refrigerate	surprise	refrigerate
refrigerate	trust	refrigerate
outlines	anger	los esbozos
outlines	anticipation	perfila
outlines	disgust	los esbozos
outlines	fear	perfila
outlines	joy	los esbozos
outlines	negative	perfila
outlines	positive	los esbozos
outlines	sadness	perfila
outlines	surprise	los esbozos
outlines	trust	perfila
pathos	anger	patetismo
pathos	anticipation	de patetismo
pathos	disgust	de patetismo
pathos	fear	de patetismo
pathos	joy	patetismo
pathos	negative	de patetismo
pathos	positive	de patetismo
pathos	sadness	de patetismo
pathos	surprise	combinación
pathos	trust	de combinación
combination	anger	de patetismo
combination	anticipation	de patetismo
combination	disgust	combinación
combination	fear	de combinación
combination	joy	de combinación
combination	negative	de combinación
combination	positive	combinación
combination	sadness	de combinación
combination	surprise	de combinación
combination	trust	de combinación
renovated	anger	renovó
renovated	anticipation	renovada
renovated	disgust	renovó
renovated	fear	renovado
renovated	joy	renovó
renovated	negative	renovado
renovated	positive	renovó
renovated	sadness	renovado
renovated	surprise	renovó
renovated	trust	renovado
hostile	anger	hostil
hostile	anticipation	hostil
hostile	disgust	hostil
hostile	fear	hostil
hostile	joy	hostil
hostile	negative	hostil
hostile	positive	hostil
hostile	sadness	hostil
hostile	surprise	hostil
hostile	trust	hostil
uphill	anger	uphill
uphill	anticipation	uphill
uphill	disgust	uphill
uphill	fear	uphill
uphill	joy	uphill
uphill	negative	uphill
uphill	positive	uphill
uphill	sadness	uphill
uphill	surprise	uphill
uphill	trust	uphill
tint	anger	tint
tint	anticipation	tint
tint	disgust	tint
tint	fear	tint
tint	joy	tint
tint	negative	tint
tint	positive	tint
tint	sadness	tint
tint	surprise	tint
tint	trust	tint
clashing	anger	chocando
clashing	anticipation	chocando
clashing	disgust	chocando
clashing	fear	chocando
clashing	joy	chocando
clashing	negative	chocando
clashing	positive	chocando
clashing	sadness	chocando
clashing	surprise	chocando
clashing	trust	chocando
retribution	anger	retribution
retribution	anticipation	retribution
retribution	disgust	retribution
retribution	fear	retribution
retribution	joy	retribution
retribution	negative	retribution
retribution	positive	retribution
retribution	sadness	retribution
retribution	surprise	retribution
retribution	trust	retribution
notation	anger	notación
notation	anticipation	de notación
notation	disgust	de notación
notation	fear	de notación
notation	joy	notación
notation	negative	de notación
notation	positive	de notación
notation	sadness	de notación
notation	surprise	notación
notation	trust	de notación
cuff	anger	cuff
cuff	anticipation	cuff
cuff	disgust	cuff
cuff	fear	cuff
cuff	joy	cuff
cuff	negative	cuff
cuff	positive	cuff
cuff	sadness	cuff
cuff	surprise	cuff
cuff	trust	cuff
augment	anger	aumenta
augment	anticipation	aumentar
augment	disgust	aumentar
augment	fear	aumentar
augment	joy	aumentar
augment	negative	aumentar
augment	positive	aumentar
augment	sadness	aumentar
augment	surprise	aumentar
augment	trust	aumentar
shaman	anger	chamán
shaman	anticipation	de chamán
shaman	disgust	de chamán
shaman	fear	de chamán
shaman	joy	chamán
shaman	negative	de chamán
shaman	positive	de chamán
shaman	sadness	de chamán
shaman	surprise	chamán
shaman	trust	de chamán
frailty	anger	frailty
frailty	anticipation	frailty
frailty	disgust	frailty
frailty	fear	frailty
frailty	joy	frailty
frailty	negative	frailty
frailty	positive	frailty
frailty	sadness	frailty
frailty	surprise	frailty
frailty	trust	frailty
escaped	anger	huyó
escaped	anticipation	huido
escaped	disgust	huyó
escaped	fear	huido
escaped	joy	huyó
escaped	negative	huido
escaped	positive	huyó
escaped	sadness	huido
escaped	surprise	huyó
escaped	trust	huido
unanimous	anger	unánime
unanimous	anticipation	unánime
unanimous	disgust	unánime
unanimous	fear	unánime
unanimous	joy	unánime
unanimous	negative	unánime
unanimous	positive	unánime
unanimous	sadness	azogue
unanimous	surprise	de azogue
unanimous	trust	unánime
quicksilver	anger	unánime
quicksilver	anticipation	unánime
quicksilver	disgust	azogue
quicksilver	fear	de azogue
quicksilver	joy	de azogue
quicksilver	negative	de azogue
quicksilver	positive	azogue
quicksilver	sadness	de azogue
quicksilver	surprise	de azogue
quicksilver	trust	de azogue
preparatory	anger	preparatorio
preparatory	anticipation	preparatorio
preparatory	disgust	preparatorio
preparatory	fear	preparatorio
preparatory	joy	preparatorio
preparatory	negative	preparatorio
preparatory	positive	preparatorio
preparatory	sadness	preparatorio
preparatory	surprise	preparatorio
preparatory	trust	preparatorio
bombard	anger	bombard
bombard	anticipation	bombard
bombard	disgust	bombard
bombard	fear	bombard
bombard	joy	bombard
bombard	negative	bombard
bombard	positive	bombard
bombard	sadness	bombard
bombard	surprise	bombard
bombard	trust	bombard
refused	anger	rechazó
refused	anticipation	rechazado
refused	disgust	rechazó
refused	fear	rechazado
refused	joy	rechazó
refused	negative	rechazado
refused	positive	rechazó
refused	sadness	rechazado
refused	surprise	rechazó
refused	trust	estática
statics	anger	de estática
statics	anticipation	de estática
statics	disgust	rechazada
statics	fear	estática
statics	joy	de estática
statics	negative	de estática
statics	positive	de estática
statics	sadness	catálogo
statics	surprise	de estática
statics	trust	de estática
catalogue	anger	de estática
catalogue	anticipation	catálogo
catalogue	disgust	de catálogo
catalogue	fear	de catálogo
catalogue	joy	de catálogo
catalogue	negative	catálogo
catalogue	positive	de catálogo
catalogue	sadness	de catálogo
catalogue	surprise	de catálogo
catalogue	trust	el catálogo
axial	anger	axial
axial	anticipation	axial
axial	disgust	axial
axial	fear	axial
axial	joy	axial
axial	negative	axial
axial	positive	axial
axial	sadness	axial
axial	surprise	axial
axial	trust	axial
narrate	anger	narrar
narrate	anticipation	narrar
narrate	disgust	narrar
narrate	fear	narrar
narrate	joy	narrar
narrate	negative	narrar
narrate	positive	narrar
narrate	sadness	narrar
narrate	surprise	narrar
narrate	trust	narrar
threefold	anger	threefold
threefold	anticipation	threefold
threefold	disgust	threefold
threefold	fear	threefold
threefold	joy	threefold
threefold	negative	threefold
threefold	positive	threefold
threefold	sadness	threefold
threefold	surprise	threefold
threefold	trust	threefold
metaphysical	anger	metafísico
metaphysical	anticipation	metafísico
metaphysical	disgust	metafísico
metaphysical	fear	metafísico
metaphysical	joy	metafísico
metaphysical	negative	metafísico
metaphysical	positive	metafísico
metaphysical	sadness	alcoholismo
metaphysical	surprise	de alcoholismo
metaphysical	trust	metafísico
alcoholism	anger	metafísico
alcoholism	anticipation	metafísico
alcoholism	disgust	alcoholismo
alcoholism	fear	de alcoholismo
alcoholism	joy	de alcoholismo
alcoholism	negative	de alcoholismo
alcoholism	positive	alcoholismo
alcoholism	sadness	de alcoholismo
alcoholism	surprise	de alcoholismo
alcoholism	trust	de alcoholismo
compliant	anger	compliant
compliant	anticipation	compliant
compliant	disgust	compliant
compliant	fear	compliant
compliant	joy	compliant
compliant	negative	compliant
compliant	positive	compliant
compliant	sadness	compliant
compliant	surprise	compliant
compliant	trust	compliant
hire	anger	alquiler
hire	anticipation	de alquiler
hire	disgust	de alquiler
hire	fear	de alquiler
hire	joy	alquiler
hire	negative	de alquiler
hire	positive	de alquiler
hire	sadness	de alquiler
hire	surprise	alquiler
hire	trust	de alquiler
dismal	anger	dismal
dismal	anticipation	dismal
dismal	disgust	dismal
dismal	fear	dismal
dismal	joy	dismal
dismal	negative	dismal
dismal	positive	dismal
dismal	sadness	dismal
dismal	surprise	dismal
dismal	trust	dismal
lotion	anger	loción
lotion	anticipation	de loción
lotion	disgust	de loción
lotion	fear	de loción
lotion	joy	loción
lotion	negative	de loción
lotion	positive	de loción
lotion	sadness	de loción
lotion	surprise	loción
lotion	trust	de loción
aqueous	anger	acuosa
aqueous	anticipation	acuoso
aqueous	disgust	acuoso
aqueous	fear	acuoso
aqueous	joy	acuoso
aqueous	negative	acuoso
aqueous	positive	acuoso
aqueous	sadness	acuoso
aqueous	surprise	acuoso
aqueous	trust	acuoso
lackluster	anger	lackluster
lackluster	anticipation	lackluster
lackluster	disgust	lackluster
lackluster	fear	lackluster
lackluster	joy	lackluster
lackluster	negative	lackluster
lackluster	positive	lackluster
lackluster	sadness	lackluster
lackluster	surprise	lackluster
lackluster	trust	lackluster
culminate	anger	culmina
culminate	anticipation	culminar
culminate	disgust	culminar
culminate	fear	culminar
culminate	joy	culminar
culminate	negative	culminar
culminate	positive	culminar
culminate	sadness	culminar
culminate	surprise	culminar
culminate	trust	culminar
displeased	anger	desagradado
displeased	anticipation	desagradó
displeased	disgust	desagradado
displeased	fear	desagradó
displeased	joy	desagradado
displeased	negative	desagradó
displeased	positive	desagradado
displeased	sadness	desagradó
displeased	surprise	desagradó
displeased	trust	desagradado
detract	anger	detract
detract	anticipation	detract
detract	disgust	detract
detract	fear	detract
detract	joy	detract
detract	negative	detract
detract	positive	detract
detract	sadness	detract
detract	surprise	detract
detract	trust	detract
tasting	anger	probando
tasting	anticipation	probando
tasting	disgust	probando
tasting	fear	probando
tasting	joy	probando
tasting	negative	probando
tasting	positive	probando
tasting	sadness	probando
tasting	surprise	probando
tasting	trust	probando
ranger	anger	ranger
ranger	anticipation	ranger
ranger	disgust	ranger
ranger	fear	ranger
ranger	joy	ranger
ranger	negative	ranger
ranger	positive	ranger
ranger	sadness	ranger
ranger	surprise	ranger
ranger	trust	ranger
hush	anger	hush
hush	anticipation	hush
hush	disgust	hush
hush	fear	hush
hush	joy	hush
hush	negative	hush
hush	positive	hush
hush	sadness	hush
hush	surprise	hush
hush	trust	hush
grout	anger	grout
grout	anticipation	grout
grout	disgust	grout
grout	fear	grout
grout	joy	grout
grout	negative	grout
grout	positive	grout
grout	sadness	grout
grout	surprise	grout
grout	trust	grout
regimen	anger	regimen
regimen	anticipation	regimen
regimen	disgust	regimen
regimen	fear	regimen
regimen	joy	regimen
regimen	negative	regimen
regimen	positive	regimen
regimen	sadness	regimen
regimen	surprise	regimen
regimen	trust	regimen
illegible	anger	illegible
illegible	anticipation	illegible
illegible	disgust	illegible
illegible	fear	illegible
illegible	joy	illegible
illegible	negative	illegible
illegible	positive	illegible
illegible	sadness	illegible
illegible	surprise	illegible
illegible	trust	illegible
confessional	anger	confessional
confessional	anticipation	confessional
confessional	disgust	confessional
confessional	fear	confessional
confessional	joy	confessional
confessional	negative	confessional
confessional	positive	confessional
confessional	sadness	confessional
confessional	surprise	confessional
confessional	trust	confessional
causation	anger	causation
causation	anticipation	causation
causation	disgust	causation
causation	fear	causation
causation	joy	causation
causation	negative	causation
causation	positive	causation
causation	sadness	causation
causation	surprise	causation
causation	trust	causation
unlucky	anger	desafortunado
unlucky	anticipation	desafortunado
unlucky	disgust	desafortunado
unlucky	fear	desafortunado
unlucky	joy	desafortunado
unlucky	negative	desafortunado
unlucky	positive	desafortunado
unlucky	sadness	cumplimiento
unlucky	surprise	de cumplimiento
unlucky	trust	desafortunado
fulfillment	anger	desafortunado
fulfillment	anticipation	desafortunado
fulfillment	disgust	cumplimiento
fulfillment	fear	de cumplimiento
fulfillment	joy	de cumplimiento
fulfillment	negative	de cumplimiento
fulfillment	positive	cumplimiento
fulfillment	sadness	de cumplimiento
fulfillment	surprise	de cumplimiento
fulfillment	trust	de cumplimiento
rickety	anger	rickety
rickety	anticipation	rickety
rickety	disgust	rickety
rickety	fear	rickety
rickety	joy	rickety
rickety	negative	rickety
rickety	positive	rickety
rickety	sadness	rickety
rickety	surprise	rickety
rickety	trust	rickety
chine	anger	chine
chine	anticipation	chine
chine	disgust	chine
chine	fear	chine
chine	joy	chine
chine	negative	chine
chine	positive	chine
chine	sadness	chine
chine	surprise	chine
chine	trust	chine
qualities	anger	calidades
qualities	anticipation	de calidades
qualities	disgust	de calidades
qualities	fear	de calidades
qualities	joy	calidades
qualities	negative	de calidades
qualities	positive	de calidades
qualities	sadness	de calidades
qualities	surprise	calidades
qualities	trust	de calidades
investigate	anger	investigan
investigate	anticipation	investigar
investigate	disgust	investigar
investigate	fear	investigar
investigate	joy	investigar
investigate	negative	investigar
investigate	positive	investigar
investigate	sadness	investigar
investigate	surprise	investigar
investigate	trust	investigar
empress	anger	emperatriz
empress	anticipation	de emperatriz
empress	disgust	de emperatriz
empress	fear	de emperatriz
empress	joy	emperatriz
empress	negative	de emperatriz
empress	positive	de emperatriz
empress	sadness	de emperatriz
empress	surprise	emperatriz
empress	trust	de emperatriz
engage	anger	compromete
engage	anticipation	comprometer
engage	disgust	comprometer
engage	fear	comprometer
engage	joy	comprometer
engage	negative	comprometer
engage	positive	comprometer
engage	sadness	comprometer
engage	surprise	comprometer
engage	trust	comprometer
quadrangle	anger	cuadrángulo
quadrangle	anticipation	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	disgust	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	fear	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	joy	cuadrángulo
quadrangle	negative	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	positive	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	sadness	de cuadrángulo
quadrangle	surprise	túnica
quadrangle	trust	de túnica
tunic	anger	de cuadrángulo
tunic	anticipation	de cuadrángulo
tunic	disgust	túnica
tunic	fear	de túnica
tunic	joy	de túnica
tunic	negative	de túnica
tunic	positive	túnica
tunic	sadness	de túnica
tunic	surprise	de túnica
tunic	trust	de túnica
towering	anger	towering
towering	anticipation	towering
towering	disgust	towering
towering	fear	towering
towering	joy	towering
towering	negative	towering
towering	positive	towering
towering	sadness	towering
towering	surprise	towering
towering	trust	towering
increase	anger	aumento
increase	anticipation	de aumento
increase	disgust	de aumento
increase	fear	de aumento
increase	joy	aumento
increase	negative	de aumento
increase	positive	de aumento
increase	sadness	de aumento
increase	surprise	aumento
increase	trust	de aumento
ridiculous	anger	ridículo
ridiculous	anticipation	ridículo
ridiculous	disgust	ridículo
ridiculous	fear	ridículo
ridiculous	joy	ridículo
ridiculous	negative	ridículo
ridiculous	positive	ridículo
ridiculous	sadness	efeméride
ridiculous	surprise	de efeméride
ridiculous	trust	ridícula
ephemeris	anger	ridícula
ephemeris	anticipation	ridícula
ephemeris	disgust	efeméride
ephemeris	fear	de efeméride
ephemeris	joy	de efeméride
ephemeris	negative	de efeméride
ephemeris	positive	efeméride
ephemeris	sadness	de efeméride
ephemeris	surprise	de efeméride
ephemeris	trust	de efeméride
vertebral	anger	vertebral
vertebral	anticipation	vertebral
vertebral	disgust	vertebral
vertebral	fear	vertebral
vertebral	joy	vertebral
vertebral	negative	vertebral
vertebral	positive	vertebral
vertebral	sadness	vertebral
vertebral	surprise	vertebral
vertebral	trust	vertebral
picked	anger	eligió
picked	anticipation	elegido
picked	disgust	eligió
picked	fear	elegido
picked	joy	eligió
picked	negative	elegido
picked	positive	eligió
picked	sadness	elegido
picked	surprise	eligió
picked	trust	magenta
magenta	anger	de magenta
magenta	anticipation	de magenta
magenta	disgust	elegido
magenta	fear	magenta
magenta	joy	de magenta
magenta	negative	de magenta
magenta	positive	de magenta
magenta	sadness	magenta
magenta	surprise	de magenta
magenta	trust	del magenta
votive	anger	votive
votive	anticipation	votive
votive	disgust	votive
votive	fear	votive
votive	joy	votive
votive	negative	votive
votive	positive	votive
votive	sadness	votive
votive	surprise	votive
votive	trust	votive
umpire	anger	umpire
umpire	anticipation	umpire
umpire	disgust	umpire
umpire	fear	umpire
umpire	joy	umpire
umpire	negative	umpire
umpire	positive	umpire
umpire	sadness	umpire
umpire	surprise	umpire
umpire	trust	umpire
pharmacy	anger	farmacia
pharmacy	anticipation	de farmacia
pharmacy	disgust	de farmacia
pharmacy	fear	de farmacia
pharmacy	joy	farmacia
pharmacy	negative	de farmacia
pharmacy	positive	de farmacia
pharmacy	sadness	de farmacia
pharmacy	surprise	paridad
pharmacy	trust	de paridad
parity	anger	de farmacia
parity	anticipation	de farmacia
parity	disgust	paridad
parity	fear	de paridad
parity	joy	de paridad
parity	negative	de paridad
parity	positive	paridad
parity	sadness	de paridad
parity	surprise	de paridad
parity	trust	de paridad
retailer	anger	detallista
retailer	anticipation	de detallista
retailer	disgust	de detallista
retailer	fear	de detallista
retailer	joy	detallista
retailer	negative	de detallista
retailer	positive	de detallista
retailer	sadness	de detallista
retailer	surprise	detallista
retailer	trust	de detallista
slut	anger	slut
slut	anticipation	slut
slut	disgust	slut
slut	fear	slut
slut	joy	slut
slut	negative	slut
slut	positive	slut
slut	sadness	slut
slut	surprise	slut
slut	trust	slut
absolute	anger	absoluto
absolute	anticipation	absoluto
absolute	disgust	absoluto
absolute	fear	absoluto
absolute	joy	absoluto
absolute	negative	absoluto
absolute	positive	absoluto
absolute	sadness	absoluto
absolute	surprise	absoluto
absolute	trust	absoluto
punctual	anger	puntual
punctual	anticipation	puntual
punctual	disgust	puntual
punctual	fear	puntual
punctual	joy	puntual
punctual	negative	puntual
punctual	positive	puntual
punctual	sadness	puntual
punctual	surprise	puntual
punctual	trust	puntual
dirty	anger	cochinamente
dirty	anticipation	cochinamente
dirty	disgust	cochinamente
dirty	fear	cochinamente
dirty	joy	cochinamente
dirty	negative	cochinamente
dirty	positive	cochinamente
dirty	sadness	cochinamente
dirty	surprise	cochinamente
dirty	trust	ladrillo
brick	anger	de ladrillo
brick	anticipation	de ladrillo
brick	disgust	sucio
brick	fear	ladrillo
brick	joy	de ladrillo
brick	negative	de ladrillo
brick	positive	de ladrillo
brick	sadness	ladrillo
brick	surprise	de ladrillo
brick	trust	del ladrillo
hazy	anger	brumoso
hazy	anticipation	brumoso
hazy	disgust	brumoso
hazy	fear	brumoso
hazy	joy	brumoso
hazy	negative	brumoso
hazy	positive	brumoso
hazy	sadness	electrodomésticos
hazy	surprise	de electrodomésticos
hazy	trust	brumosos
appliances	anger	brumosos
appliances	anticipation	brumosos
appliances	disgust	electrodomésticos
appliances	fear	de electrodomésticos
appliances	joy	de electrodomésticos
appliances	negative	de electrodomésticos
appliances	positive	electrodomésticos
appliances	sadness	de electrodomésticos
appliances	surprise	de electrodomésticos
appliances	trust	de electrodomésticos
pit	anger	fosa
pit	anticipation	de fosa
pit	disgust	de fosa
pit	fear	de fosa
pit	joy	fosa
pit	negative	de fosa
pit	positive	de fosa
pit	sadness	de fosa
pit	surprise	anarquismo
pit	trust	de anarquismo
anarchism	anger	de fosa
anarchism	anticipation	de fosa
anarchism	disgust	anarquismo
anarchism	fear	de anarquismo
anarchism	joy	de anarquismo
anarchism	negative	de anarquismo
anarchism	positive	anarquismo
anarchism	sadness	de anarquismo
anarchism	surprise	de anarquismo
anarchism	trust	de anarquismo que
providing	anger	proporciona
providing	anticipation	proporcionando
providing	disgust	proporcionando
providing	fear	proporcionando
providing	joy	proporcionando
providing	negative	proporcionando
providing	positive	proporcionando
providing	sadness	proporcionando
providing	surprise	proporcionando
providing	trust	proporcionando
fortune	anger	fortuna
fortune	anticipation	de fortuna
fortune	disgust	de fortuna
fortune	fear	de fortuna
fortune	joy	fortuna
fortune	negative	de fortuna
fortune	positive	de fortuna
fortune	sadness	de fortuna
fortune	surprise	fortuna
fortune	trust	de fortuna que
aching	anger	duele
aching	anticipation	doliendo
aching	disgust	doliendo
aching	fear	doliendo
aching	joy	doliendo
aching	negative	doliendo
aching	positive	doliendo
aching	sadness	doliendo
aching	surprise	doliendo
aching	trust	doliendo
mysterious	anger	misterioso
mysterious	anticipation	misterioso
mysterious	disgust	misterioso
mysterious	fear	misterioso
mysterious	joy	misterioso
mysterious	negative	misterioso
mysterious	positive	misterioso
mysterious	sadness	misterioso
mysterious	surprise	misterioso
mysterious	trust	misterioso
expressive	anger	expresivo
expressive	anticipation	expresivo
expressive	disgust	expresivo
expressive	fear	expresivo
expressive	joy	expresivo
expressive	negative	expresivo
expressive	positive	expresivo
expressive	sadness	expresivo
expressive	surprise	expresivo
expressive	trust	expresivo
destroyed	anger	destruyó
destroyed	anticipation	destruido
destroyed	disgust	destruyó
destroyed	fear	destruido
destroyed	joy	destruyó
destroyed	negative	destruido
destroyed	positive	destruyó
destroyed	sadness	destruido
destroyed	surprise	destruyó
destroyed	trust	destruido
chunk	anger	chunk
chunk	anticipation	chunk
chunk	disgust	chunk
chunk	fear	chunk
chunk	joy	chunk
chunk	negative	chunk
chunk	positive	chunk
chunk	sadness	chunk
chunk	surprise	chunk
chunk	trust	chunk
buying	anger	comprando
buying	anticipation	comprando
buying	disgust	comprando
buying	fear	comprando
buying	joy	comprando
buying	negative	comprando
buying	positive	comprando
buying	sadness	comprando
buying	surprise	comprando
buying	trust	comprando
rattle	anger	rattle
rattle	anticipation	rattle
rattle	disgust	rattle
rattle	fear	rattle
rattle	joy	rattle
rattle	negative	rattle
rattle	positive	rattle
rattle	sadness	rattle
rattle	surprise	rattle
rattle	trust	rattle
wimp	anger	wimp
wimp	anticipation	wimp
wimp	disgust	wimp
wimp	fear	wimp
wimp	joy	wimp
wimp	negative	wimp
wimp	positive	wimp
wimp	sadness	wimp
wimp	surprise	wimp
wimp	trust	wimp
venison	anger	venison
venison	anticipation	venison
venison	disgust	venison
venison	fear	venison
venison	joy	venison
venison	negative	venison
venison	positive	venison
venison	sadness	venison
venison	surprise	venison
venison	trust	venison
pagination	anger	paginación
pagination	anticipation	de paginación
pagination	disgust	de paginación
pagination	fear	de paginación
pagination	joy	paginación
pagination	negative	de paginación
pagination	positive	de paginación
pagination	sadness	de paginación
pagination	surprise	paginación
pagination	trust	de paginación
published	anger	publicó
published	anticipation	publicada
published	disgust	publicó
published	fear	publicado
published	joy	publicó
published	negative	publicado
published	positive	publicó
published	sadness	publicado
published	surprise	publicó
published	trust	publicado
defloration	anger	defloration
defloration	anticipation	defloration
defloration	disgust	defloration
defloration	fear	defloration
defloration	joy	defloration
defloration	negative	defloration
defloration	positive	defloration
defloration	sadness	defloration
defloration	surprise	defloration
defloration	trust	defloration
literary	anger	literario
literary	anticipation	literario
literary	disgust	literario
literary	fear	literario
literary	joy	literario
literary	negative	literario
literary	positive	literario
literary	sadness	literario
literary	surprise	literario
literary	trust	literario
wan	anger	wan
wan	anticipation	wan
wan	disgust	wan
wan	fear	wan
wan	joy	wan
wan	negative	wan
wan	positive	wan
wan	sadness	wan
wan	surprise	wan
wan	trust	wan
diner	anger	diner
diner	anticipation	diner
diner	disgust	diner
diner	fear	diner
diner	joy	diner
diner	negative	diner
diner	positive	diner
diner	sadness	diner
diner	surprise	diner
diner	trust	diner
widely	anger	ampliamente
widely	anticipation	ampliamente
widely	disgust	ampliamente
widely	fear	ampliamente
widely	joy	ampliamente
widely	negative	ampliamente
widely	positive	ampliamente
widely	sadness	ampliamente
widely	surprise	ampliamente
widely	trust	ampliamente
barn	anger	barn
barn	anticipation	barn
barn	disgust	barn
barn	fear	barn
barn	joy	barn
barn	negative	barn
barn	positive	barn
barn	sadness	barn
barn	surprise	barn
barn	trust	barn
frank	anger	franco
frank	anticipation	franco
frank	disgust	franco
frank	fear	franco
frank	joy	franco
frank	negative	franco
frank	positive	franco
frank	sadness	franco
frank	surprise	franco
frank	trust	franco
subversion	anger	subversion
subversion	anticipation	subversion
subversion	disgust	subversion
subversion	fear	subversion
subversion	joy	subversion
subversion	negative	subversion
subversion	positive	subversion
subversion	sadness	subversion
subversion	surprise	subversion
subversion	trust	subversion
patella	anger	patella
patella	anticipation	patella
patella	disgust	patella
patella	fear	patella
patella	joy	patella
patella	negative	patella
patella	positive	patella
patella	sadness	patella
patella	surprise	patella
patella	trust	patella
ailment	anger	dolencia
ailment	anticipation	de dolencia
ailment	disgust	de dolencia
ailment	fear	de dolencia
ailment	joy	dolencia
ailment	negative	de dolencia
ailment	positive	de dolencia
ailment	sadness	de dolencia
ailment	surprise	dolencia
ailment	trust	de dolencia
pussycat	anger	pussycat
pussycat	anticipation	pussycat
pussycat	disgust	pussycat
pussycat	fear	pussycat
pussycat	joy	pussycat
pussycat	negative	pussycat
pussycat	positive	pussycat
pussycat	sadness	pussycat
pussycat	surprise	pussycat
pussycat	trust	pussycat
dear	anger	querido
dear	anticipation	querido
dear	disgust	querido
dear	fear	querido
dear	joy	querido
dear	negative	querido
dear	positive	querido
dear	sadness	querido
dear	surprise	querido
dear	trust	querido
trooper	anger	trooper
trooper	anticipation	trooper
trooper	disgust	trooper
trooper	fear	trooper
trooper	joy	trooper
trooper	negative	trooper
trooper	positive	trooper
trooper	sadness	trooper
trooper	surprise	trooper
trooper	trust	trooper
cleave	anger	cleave
cleave	anticipation	cleave
cleave	disgust	cleave
cleave	fear	cleave
cleave	joy	cleave
cleave	negative	cleave
cleave	positive	cleave
cleave	sadness	cleave
cleave	surprise	cleave
cleave	trust	cleave
rotting	anger	pudriendo
rotting	anticipation	pudriendo
rotting	disgust	pudriendo
rotting	fear	pudriendo
rotting	joy	pudriendo
rotting	negative	pudriendo
rotting	positive	pudriendo
rotting	sadness	pudriendo
rotting	surprise	pudriendo
rotting	trust	pudriendo
strait	anger	strait
strait	anticipation	strait
strait	disgust	strait
strait	fear	strait
strait	joy	strait
strait	negative	strait
strait	positive	strait
strait	sadness	strait
strait	surprise	strait
strait	trust	strait
recurring	anger	recurring
recurring	anticipation	recurring
recurring	disgust	recurring
recurring	fear	recurring
recurring	joy	recurring
recurring	negative	recurring
recurring	positive	recurring
recurring	sadness	recurring
recurring	surprise	recurring
recurring	trust	recurring
bold	anger	intrépido
bold	anticipation	intrépido
bold	disgust	intrépido
bold	fear	intrépido
bold	joy	intrépido
bold	negative	intrépido
bold	positive	intrépido
bold	sadness	intrépido
bold	surprise	intrépido
bold	trust	intrépido
austere	anger	austero
austere	anticipation	austero
austere	disgust	austero
austere	fear	austero
austere	joy	austero
austere	negative	austero
austere	positive	austero
austere	sadness	austero
austere	surprise	austero
austere	trust	austero
horrific	anger	horrific
horrific	anticipation	horrific
horrific	disgust	horrific
horrific	fear	horrific
horrific	joy	horrific
horrific	negative	horrific
horrific	positive	horrific
horrific	sadness	horrific
horrific	surprise	horrific
horrific	trust	horrific
coworker	anger	coworker
coworker	anticipation	coworker
coworker	disgust	coworker
coworker	fear	coworker
coworker	joy	coworker
coworker	negative	coworker
coworker	positive	coworker
coworker	sadness	coworker
coworker	surprise	coworker
coworker	trust	coworker
oscillating	anger	oscilante
oscillating	anticipation	oscilante
oscillating	disgust	oscilante
oscillating	fear	oscilante
oscillating	joy	oscilante
oscillating	negative	oscilante
oscillating	positive	oscilante
oscillating	sadness	oscilante
oscillating	surprise	oscilante
oscillating	trust	oscilante
canary	anger	canary
canary	anticipation	canary
canary	disgust	canary
canary	fear	canary
canary	joy	canary
canary	negative	canary
canary	positive	canary
canary	sadness	canary
canary	surprise	canary
canary	trust	canary
posterity	anger	posteridad
posterity	anticipation	de posteridad
posterity	disgust	de posteridad
posterity	fear	de posteridad
posterity	joy	posteridad
posterity	negative	de posteridad
posterity	positive	de posteridad
posterity	sadness	de posteridad
posterity	surprise	metal
posterity	trust	de metal
metal	anger	de posteridad
metal	anticipation	de posteridad
metal	disgust	metal
metal	fear	de metal
metal	joy	de metal
metal	negative	de metal
metal	positive	metal
metal	sadness	de metal
metal	surprise	de metal
metal	trust	de metal
adjournment	anger	adjournment
adjournment	anticipation	adjournment
adjournment	disgust	adjournment
adjournment	fear	adjournment
adjournment	joy	adjournment
adjournment	negative	adjournment
adjournment	positive	adjournment
adjournment	sadness	adjournment
adjournment	surprise	adjournment
adjournment	trust	adjournment
reverie	anger	reverie
reverie	anticipation	reverie
reverie	disgust	reverie
reverie	fear	reverie
reverie	joy	reverie
reverie	negative	reverie
reverie	positive	reverie
reverie	sadness	reverie
reverie	surprise	reverie
reverie	trust	reverie
law	anger	ley
law	anticipation	de ley
law	disgust	de ley
law	fear	de ley
law	joy	ley
law	negative	de ley
law	positive	de ley
law	sadness	de ley
law	surprise	ley
law	trust	de ley
trine	anger	trine
trine	anticipation	trine
trine	disgust	trine
trine	fear	trine
trine	joy	trine
trine	negative	trine
trine	positive	trine
trine	sadness	trine
trine	surprise	trine
trine	trust	trine
presentable	anger	presentable
presentable	anticipation	presentable
presentable	disgust	presentable
presentable	fear	presentable
presentable	joy	presentable
presentable	negative	presentable
presentable	positive	presentable
presentable	sadness	estela
presentable	surprise	de estela
presentable	trust	presentable
trail	anger	presentable
trail	anticipation	presentable
trail	disgust	estela
trail	fear	de estela
trail	joy	de estela
trail	negative	de estela
trail	positive	estela
trail	sadness	de estela
trail	surprise	de estela
trail	trust	de estela
blockade	anger	bloqueo
blockade	anticipation	de bloqueo
blockade	disgust	de bloqueo
blockade	fear	de bloqueo
blockade	joy	bloqueo
blockade	negative	de bloqueo
blockade	positive	de bloqueo
blockade	sadness	de bloqueo
blockade	surprise	fundición
blockade	trust	de fundición
foundry	anger	de bloqueo
foundry	anticipation	de bloqueo
foundry	disgust	fundición
foundry	fear	de fundición
foundry	joy	de fundición
foundry	negative	de fundición
foundry	positive	fundición
foundry	sadness	de fundición
foundry	surprise	de fundición
foundry	trust	de fundición
lorry	anger	camión
lorry	anticipation	de camión
lorry	disgust	de camión
lorry	fear	de camión
lorry	joy	camión
lorry	negative	de camión
lorry	positive	de camión
lorry	sadness	de camión
lorry	surprise	incorporación
lorry	trust	de incorporación
incorporation	anger	de camión
incorporation	anticipation	de camión
incorporation	disgust	incorporación
incorporation	fear	de incorporación
incorporation	joy	de incorporación
incorporation	negative	de incorporación
incorporation	positive	incorporación
incorporation	sadness	de incorporación
incorporation	surprise	de incorporación
incorporation	trust	de incorporación
confide	anger	confide
confide	anticipation	confide
confide	disgust	confide
confide	fear	confide
confide	joy	confide
confide	negative	confide
confide	positive	confide
confide	sadness	confide
confide	surprise	confide
confide	trust	confide
disapproval	anger	desaprobación
disapproval	anticipation	de desaprobación
disapproval	disgust	de desaprobación
disapproval	fear	de desaprobación
disapproval	joy	desaprobación
disapproval	negative	de desaprobación
disapproval	positive	de desaprobación
disapproval	sadness	de desaprobación
disapproval	surprise	trampas
disapproval	trust	de desaprobación
traps	anger	de la desaprobación
traps	anticipation	atrapa
traps	disgust	las trampas
traps	fear	atrapa
traps	joy	las trampas
traps	negative	atrapa
traps	positive	las trampas
traps	sadness	atrapa
traps	surprise	las trampas
traps	trust	atrapa
specimen	anger	espécimen
specimen	anticipation	de espécimen
specimen	disgust	de espécimen
specimen	fear	de espécimen
specimen	joy	espécimen
specimen	negative	de espécimen
specimen	positive	de espécimen
specimen	sadness	de espécimen
specimen	surprise	espécimen
specimen	trust	de espécimen
past	anger	pasado
past	anticipation	pasado
past	disgust	pasado
past	fear	pasado
past	joy	pasado
past	negative	pasado
past	positive	pasado
past	sadness	pasado
past	surprise	pasado
past	trust	pasado
incoming	anger	incoming
incoming	anticipation	incoming
incoming	disgust	incoming
incoming	fear	incoming
incoming	joy	incoming
incoming	negative	incoming
incoming	positive	incoming
incoming	sadness	incoming
incoming	surprise	incoming
incoming	trust	incoming
aforesaid	anger	antedicho
aforesaid	anticipation	antedicho
aforesaid	disgust	antedicho
aforesaid	fear	antedicho
aforesaid	joy	antedicho
aforesaid	negative	antedicho
aforesaid	positive	antedicho
aforesaid	sadness	pollo
aforesaid	surprise	de pollo
aforesaid	trust	antedicho
chicken	anger	antedicho
chicken	anticipation	antedicho
chicken	disgust	pollo
chicken	fear	de pollo
chicken	joy	de pollo
chicken	negative	de pollo
chicken	positive	pollo
chicken	sadness	de pollo
chicken	surprise	de pollo
chicken	trust	de pollo
turbine	anger	turbina
turbine	anticipation	de turbina
turbine	disgust	de turbina
turbine	fear	de turbina
turbine	joy	turbina
turbine	negative	de turbina
turbine	positive	de turbina
turbine	sadness	de turbina
turbine	surprise	reembolso
turbine	trust	de reembolso
refund	anger	de turbina
refund	anticipation	de turbina
refund	disgust	reembolso
refund	fear	de reembolso
refund	joy	de reembolso
refund	negative	de reembolso
refund	positive	reembolso
refund	sadness	de reembolso
refund	surprise	de reembolso
refund	trust	de reembolso
quash	anger	quash
quash	anticipation	quash
quash	disgust	quash
quash	fear	quash
quash	joy	quash
quash	negative	quash
quash	positive	quash
quash	sadness	quash
quash	surprise	quash
quash	trust	quash
supposing	anger	suponiendo
supposing	anticipation	suponiendo
supposing	disgust	suponiendo
supposing	fear	suponiendo
supposing	joy	suponiendo
supposing	negative	suponiendo
supposing	positive	suponiendo
supposing	sadness	suponiendo
supposing	surprise	suponiendo
supposing	trust	suponiendo
canopy	anger	canopy
canopy	anticipation	canopy
canopy	disgust	canopy
canopy	fear	canopy
canopy	joy	canopy
canopy	negative	canopy
canopy	positive	canopy
canopy	sadness	canopy
canopy	surprise	canopy
canopy	trust	canopy
inventive	anger	ingenioso
inventive	anticipation	ingenioso
inventive	disgust	ingenioso
inventive	fear	ingenioso
inventive	joy	ingenioso
inventive	negative	ingenioso
inventive	positive	ingenioso
inventive	sadness	ingenioso
inventive	surprise	ingenioso
inventive	trust	ingenioso
accumulate	anger	acumular
accumulate	anticipation	acumular
accumulate	disgust	acumular
accumulate	fear	acumular
accumulate	joy	acumular
accumulate	negative	acumular
accumulate	positive	acumular
accumulate	sadness	acumular
accumulate	surprise	acumular
accumulate	trust	acumular
unavoidable	anger	inevitable
unavoidable	anticipation	inevitable
unavoidable	disgust	inevitable
unavoidable	fear	inevitable
unavoidable	joy	inevitable
unavoidable	negative	inevitable
unavoidable	positive	inevitable
unavoidable	sadness	inevitable
unavoidable	surprise	inevitable
unavoidable	trust	inevitable
exorcist	anger	exorcist
exorcist	anticipation	exorcist
exorcist	disgust	exorcist
exorcist	fear	exorcist
exorcist	joy	exorcist
exorcist	negative	exorcist
exorcist	positive	exorcist
exorcist	sadness	exorcist
exorcist	surprise	exorcist
exorcist	trust	exorcist
discount	anger	descuento
discount	anticipation	de descuento
discount	disgust	de descuento
discount	fear	de descuento
discount	joy	descuento
discount	negative	de descuento
discount	positive	de descuento
discount	sadness	de descuento
discount	surprise	descuento
discount	trust	de descuento
unhindered	anger	unhindered
unhindered	anticipation	unhindered
unhindered	disgust	unhindered
unhindered	fear	unhindered
unhindered	joy	unhindered
unhindered	negative	unhindered
unhindered	positive	unhindered
unhindered	sadness	unhindered
unhindered	surprise	unhindered
unhindered	trust	unhindered
ventilation	anger	ventilación
ventilation	anticipation	de ventilación
ventilation	disgust	de ventilación
ventilation	fear	de ventilación
ventilation	joy	ventilación
ventilation	negative	de ventilación
ventilation	positive	de ventilación
ventilation	sadness	de ventilación
ventilation	surprise	cacofonía
ventilation	trust	de cacofonía
cacophony	anger	de ventilación
cacophony	anticipation	de ventilación
cacophony	disgust	cacofonía
cacophony	fear	de cacofonía
cacophony	joy	de cacofonía
cacophony	negative	de cacofonía
cacophony	positive	cacofonía
cacophony	sadness	de cacofonía
cacophony	surprise	de cacofonía
cacophony	trust	de cacofonía
brat	anger	mocoso
brat	anticipation	de mocoso
brat	disgust	de mocoso
brat	fear	de mocoso
brat	joy	mocoso
brat	negative	de mocoso
brat	positive	de mocoso
brat	sadness	de mocoso
brat	surprise	mocoso
brat	trust	de mocoso
airbag	anger	airbag
airbag	anticipation	airbag
airbag	disgust	airbag
airbag	fear	airbag
airbag	joy	airbag
airbag	negative	airbag
airbag	positive	airbag
airbag	sadness	airbag
airbag	surprise	airbag
airbag	trust	airbag
kerosene	anger	kerosene
kerosene	anticipation	kerosene
kerosene	disgust	kerosene
kerosene	fear	kerosene
kerosene	joy	kerosene
kerosene	negative	kerosene
kerosene	positive	kerosene
kerosene	sadness	kerosene
kerosene	surprise	kerosene
kerosene	trust	kerosene
balcony	anger	balcón
balcony	anticipation	de balcón
balcony	disgust	de balcón
balcony	fear	de balcón
balcony	joy	balcón
balcony	negative	de balcón
balcony	positive	de balcón
balcony	sadness	de balcón
balcony	surprise	moco
balcony	trust	de moco
mucus	anger	de balcón
mucus	anticipation	de balcón
mucus	disgust	moco
mucus	fear	de moco
mucus	joy	de moco
mucus	negative	de moco
mucus	positive	moco
mucus	sadness	de moco
mucus	surprise	de moco
mucus	trust	de moco que
asserting	anger	afirma
asserting	anticipation	afirmando
asserting	disgust	afirmando
asserting	fear	afirmando
asserting	joy	afirmando
asserting	negative	afirmando
asserting	positive	afirmando
asserting	sadness	afirmando
asserting	surprise	afirmando
asserting	trust	afirmando
elders	anger	mayors
elders	anticipation	de mayors
elders	disgust	de mayors
elders	fear	de mayors
elders	joy	mayors
elders	negative	de mayors
elders	positive	de mayors
elders	sadness	de mayors
elders	surprise	programador
elders	trust	de programador
programmer	anger	de mayors
programmer	anticipation	de mayors
programmer	disgust	programador
programmer	fear	de programador
programmer	joy	de programador
programmer	negative	de programador
programmer	positive	programador
programmer	sadness	de programador
programmer	surprise	de programador
programmer	trust	de programador
shit	anger	mierda
shit	anticipation	de mierda
shit	disgust	de mierda
shit	fear	de mierda
shit	joy	mierda
shit	negative	de mierda
shit	positive	de mierda
shit	sadness	de mierda
shit	surprise	mierda
shit	trust	de mierda
peck	anger	peck
peck	anticipation	peck
peck	disgust	peck
peck	fear	peck
peck	joy	peck
peck	negative	peck
peck	positive	peck
peck	sadness	peck
peck	surprise	peck
peck	trust	peck
bug	anger	bug
bug	anticipation	bug
bug	disgust	bug
bug	fear	bug
bug	joy	bug
bug	negative	bug
bug	positive	bug
bug	sadness	bug
bug	surprise	bug
bug	trust	bug
disjoint	anger	disjunto
disjoint	anticipation	disjunto
disjoint	disgust	disjunto
disjoint	fear	disjunto
disjoint	joy	disjunto
disjoint	negative	disjunto
disjoint	positive	disjunto
disjoint	sadness	predicado
disjoint	surprise	de predicado
disjoint	trust	disjunto
predicate	anger	disjunto
predicate	anticipation	disjunto
predicate	disgust	predicado
predicate	fear	de predicado
predicate	joy	de predicado
predicate	negative	de predicado
predicate	positive	predicado
predicate	sadness	de predicado
predicate	surprise	de predicado
predicate	trust	de predicado
countess	anger	countess
countess	anticipation	countess
countess	disgust	countess
countess	fear	countess
countess	joy	countess
countess	negative	countess
countess	positive	countess
countess	sadness	countess
countess	surprise	countess
countess	trust	countess
periodically	anger	periódicamente
periodically	anticipation	periódicamente
periodically	disgust	periódicamente
periodically	fear	periódicamente
periodically	joy	periódicamente
periodically	negative	periódicamente
periodically	positive	periódicamente
periodically	sadness	periódicamente
periodically	surprise	periódicamente
periodically	trust	periódicamente
founder	anger	fundador
founder	anticipation	de fundador
founder	disgust	de fundador
founder	fear	de fundador
founder	joy	fundador
founder	negative	de fundador
founder	positive	de fundador
founder	sadness	de fundador
founder	surprise	cervato
founder	trust	de cervato
fawn	anger	de fundador
fawn	anticipation	de fundador
fawn	disgust	cervato
fawn	fear	de cervato
fawn	joy	de cervato
fawn	negative	de cervato
fawn	positive	cervato
fawn	sadness	de cervato
fawn	surprise	de cervato
fawn	trust	de cervato
verbosity	anger	verbosidad
verbosity	anticipation	de verbosidad
verbosity	disgust	de verbosidad
verbosity	fear	de verbosidad
verbosity	joy	verbosidad
verbosity	negative	de verbosidad
verbosity	positive	de verbosidad
verbosity	sadness	de verbosidad
verbosity	surprise	matadero
verbosity	trust	de matadero
slaughterhouse	anger	de verbosidad
slaughterhouse	anticipation	de verbosidad
slaughterhouse	disgust	matadero
slaughterhouse	fear	de matadero
slaughterhouse	joy	de matadero
slaughterhouse	negative	de matadero
slaughterhouse	positive	matadero
slaughterhouse	sadness	de matadero
slaughterhouse	surprise	de matadero
slaughterhouse	trust	de matadero
flute	anger	flauta
flute	anticipation	de flauta
flute	disgust	de flauta
flute	fear	de flauta
flute	joy	flauta
flute	negative	de flauta
flute	positive	de flauta
flute	sadness	de flauta
flute	surprise	flauta
flute	trust	de flauta
squeal	anger	squeal
squeal	anticipation	squeal
squeal	disgust	squeal
squeal	fear	squeal
squeal	joy	squeal
squeal	negative	squeal
squeal	positive	squeal
squeal	sadness	squeal
squeal	surprise	squeal
squeal	trust	squeal
reciprocate	anger	reciprocate
reciprocate	anticipation	reciprocate
reciprocate	disgust	reciprocate
reciprocate	fear	reciprocate
reciprocate	joy	reciprocate
reciprocate	negative	reciprocate
reciprocate	positive	reciprocate
reciprocate	sadness	reciprocate
reciprocate	surprise	reciprocate
reciprocate	trust	reciprocate
staunch	anger	staunch
staunch	anticipation	staunch
staunch	disgust	staunch
staunch	fear	staunch
staunch	joy	staunch
staunch	negative	staunch
staunch	positive	staunch
staunch	sadness	staunch
staunch	surprise	staunch
staunch	trust	staunch
inbred	anger	inbred
inbred	anticipation	inbred
inbred	disgust	inbred
inbred	fear	inbred
inbred	joy	inbred
inbred	negative	inbred
inbred	positive	inbred
inbred	sadness	inbred
inbred	surprise	inbred
inbred	trust	inbred
unbounded	anger	unbounded
unbounded	anticipation	unbounded
unbounded	disgust	unbounded
unbounded	fear	unbounded
unbounded	joy	unbounded
unbounded	negative	unbounded
unbounded	positive	unbounded
unbounded	sadness	unbounded
unbounded	surprise	unbounded
unbounded	trust	unbounded
irons	anger	los hierros
irons	anticipation	plancha
irons	disgust	los hierros
irons	fear	plancha
irons	joy	los hierros
irons	negative	plancha
irons	positive	los hierros
irons	sadness	plancha
irons	surprise	los hierros
irons	trust	plancha
fortunate	anger	afortunados
fortunate	anticipation	afortunados
fortunate	disgust	afortunados
fortunate	fear	afortunados
fortunate	joy	afortunados
fortunate	negative	afortunados
fortunate	positive	afortunados
fortunate	sadness	afortunados
fortunate	surprise	afortunados
fortunate	trust	afortunados
communicate	anger	comunicar
communicate	anticipation	comunicar
communicate	disgust	comunicar
communicate	fear	comunicar
communicate	joy	comunicar
communicate	negative	comunicar
communicate	positive	comunicar
communicate	sadness	comunicar
communicate	surprise	comunicar
communicate	trust	comunicar
cereal	anger	cereal
cereal	anticipation	de cereal
cereal	disgust	de cereal
cereal	fear	de cereal
cereal	joy	cereal
cereal	negative	de cereal
cereal	positive	de cereal
cereal	sadness	de cereal
cereal	surprise	cereal
cereal	trust	de cereal
bolster	anger	bolster
bolster	anticipation	bolster
bolster	disgust	bolster
bolster	fear	bolster
bolster	joy	bolster
bolster	negative	bolster
bolster	positive	bolster
bolster	sadness	bolster
bolster	surprise	bolster
bolster	trust	bolster
sequence	anger	secuencia
sequence	anticipation	de secuencia
sequence	disgust	de secuencia
sequence	fear	de secuencia
sequence	joy	secuencia
sequence	negative	de secuencia
sequence	positive	de secuencia
sequence	sadness	de secuencia
sequence	surprise	movimiento
sequence	trust	de movimiento
move	anger	de secuencia
move	anticipation	de secuencia
move	disgust	movimiento
move	fear	de movimiento
move	joy	de movimiento
move	negative	de movimiento
move	positive	movimiento
move	sadness	de movimiento
move	surprise	de movimiento
move	trust	de movimiento
ingest	anger	ingest
ingest	anticipation	ingest
ingest	disgust	ingest
ingest	fear	ingest
ingest	joy	ingest
ingest	negative	ingest
ingest	positive	ingest
ingest	sadness	ingest
ingest	surprise	ingest
ingest	trust	ingest
triplet	anger	triplet
triplet	anticipation	triplet
triplet	disgust	triplet
triplet	fear	triplet
triplet	joy	triplet
triplet	negative	triplet
triplet	positive	triplet
triplet	sadness	triplet
triplet	surprise	triplet
triplet	trust	triplet
oceanic	anger	oceánico
oceanic	anticipation	oceánico
oceanic	disgust	oceánico
oceanic	fear	oceánico
oceanic	joy	oceánico
oceanic	negative	oceánico
oceanic	positive	oceánico
oceanic	sadness	oceánico
oceanic	surprise	oceánico
oceanic	trust	oceánico
legislate	anger	legislar
legislate	anticipation	legislar
legislate	disgust	legislar
legislate	fear	legislar
legislate	joy	legislar
legislate	negative	legislar
legislate	positive	legislar
legislate	sadness	legislar
legislate	surprise	legislar
legislate	trust	legislar
attenuation	anger	attenuation
attenuation	anticipation	attenuation
attenuation	disgust	attenuation
attenuation	fear	attenuation
attenuation	joy	attenuation
attenuation	negative	attenuation
attenuation	positive	attenuation
attenuation	sadness	attenuation
attenuation	surprise	attenuation
attenuation	trust	attenuation
prophetic	anger	prophetic
prophetic	anticipation	prophetic
prophetic	disgust	prophetic
prophetic	fear	prophetic
prophetic	joy	prophetic
prophetic	negative	prophetic
prophetic	positive	prophetic
prophetic	sadness	prophetic
prophetic	surprise	prophetic
prophetic	trust	prophetic
earlier	anger	más temprano
earlier	anticipation	más temprano
earlier	disgust	más temprano
earlier	fear	más temprano
earlier	joy	más temprano
earlier	negative	más temprano
earlier	positive	más temprano
earlier	sadness	más temprano
earlier	surprise	más temprano
earlier	trust	más temprano
postponed	anger	aplazó
postponed	anticipation	aplazado
postponed	disgust	aplazó
postponed	fear	aplazado
postponed	joy	aplazó
postponed	negative	aplazado
postponed	positive	aplazó
postponed	sadness	aplazado
postponed	surprise	aplazó
postponed	trust	aplazado
depressed	anger	deprimió
depressed	anticipation	deprimido
depressed	disgust	deprimió
depressed	fear	deprimido
depressed	joy	deprimió
depressed	negative	deprimido
depressed	positive	deprimió
depressed	sadness	deprimido
depressed	surprise	deprimió
depressed	trust	deprimido
psychical	anger	psychical
psychical	anticipation	psychical
psychical	disgust	psychical
psychical	fear	psychical
psychical	joy	psychical
psychical	negative	psychical
psychical	positive	psychical
psychical	sadness	psychical
psychical	surprise	psychical
psychical	trust	psychical
preserved	anger	preservó
preserved	anticipation	preservado
preserved	disgust	preservó
preserved	fear	preservado
preserved	joy	preservó
preserved	negative	preservado
preserved	positive	preservó
preserved	sadness	preservado
preserved	surprise	preservó
preserved	trust	preservado
determined	anger	determinó
determined	anticipation	determinado
determined	disgust	determinó
determined	fear	determinado
determined	joy	determinó
determined	negative	determinado
determined	positive	determinó
determined	sadness	determinado
determined	surprise	determinó
determined	trust	determinado
manslaughter	anger	manslaughter
manslaughter	anticipation	manslaughter
manslaughter	disgust	manslaughter
manslaughter	fear	manslaughter
manslaughter	joy	manslaughter
manslaughter	negative	manslaughter
manslaughter	positive	manslaughter
manslaughter	sadness	manslaughter
manslaughter	surprise	manslaughter
manslaughter	trust	manslaughter
bickering	anger	bickering
bickering	anticipation	bickering
bickering	disgust	bickering
bickering	fear	bickering
bickering	joy	bickering
bickering	negative	bickering
bickering	positive	bickering
bickering	sadness	bickering
bickering	surprise	bickering
bickering	trust	bickering
wane	anger	decae
wane	anticipation	decaer
wane	disgust	decaer
wane	fear	decaer
wane	joy	decaer
wane	negative	decaer
wane	positive	decaer
wane	sadness	decaer
wane	surprise	decaer
wane	trust	decaer
enumeration	anger	enumeración
enumeration	anticipation	de enumeración
enumeration	disgust	de enumeración
enumeration	fear	de enumeración
enumeration	joy	enumeración
enumeration	negative	de enumeración
enumeration	positive	de enumeración
enumeration	sadness	de enumeración
enumeration	surprise	axioma
enumeration	trust	de axioma
axiom	anger	de enumeración
axiom	anticipation	de enumeración
axiom	disgust	axioma
axiom	fear	de axioma
axiom	joy	de axioma
axiom	negative	de axioma
axiom	positive	axioma
axiom	sadness	de axioma
axiom	surprise	de axioma
axiom	trust	de axioma
surround	anger	rodea
surround	anticipation	rodear
surround	disgust	rodear
surround	fear	rodear
surround	joy	rodear
surround	negative	rodear
surround	positive	rodear
surround	sadness	rodear
surround	surprise	rodear
surround	trust	rodear
relish	anger	relish
relish	anticipation	relish
relish	disgust	relish
relish	fear	relish
relish	joy	relish
relish	negative	relish
relish	positive	relish
relish	sadness	relish
relish	surprise	relish
relish	trust	relish
ploughed	anger	labró
ploughed	anticipation	labrado
ploughed	disgust	labró
ploughed	fear	labrado
ploughed	joy	labró
ploughed	negative	labrado
ploughed	positive	labró
ploughed	sadness	labrado
ploughed	surprise	labró
ploughed	trust	labró
jaws	anger	mandíbulas
jaws	anticipation	de mandíbulas
jaws	disgust	de mandíbulas
jaws	fear	de mandíbulas
jaws	joy	mandíbulas
jaws	negative	de mandíbulas
jaws	positive	de mandíbulas
jaws	sadness	de mandíbulas
jaws	surprise	calibrador
jaws	trust	de calibrador
calipers	anger	de mandíbulas
calipers	anticipation	de mandíbulas
calipers	disgust	calibrador
calipers	fear	de calibrador
calipers	joy	de calibrador
calipers	negative	de calibrador
calipers	positive	calibrador
calipers	sadness	de calibrador
calipers	surprise	de calibrador
calipers	trust	de calibrador
union	anger	unión
union	anticipation	de unión
union	disgust	de unión
union	fear	de unión
union	joy	unión
union	negative	de unión
union	positive	de unión
union	sadness	de unión
union	surprise	unión
union	trust	de unión
deport	anger	deporta
deport	anticipation	deportar
deport	disgust	deportar
deport	fear	deportar
deport	joy	deportar
deport	negative	deportar
deport	positive	deportar
deport	sadness	deportar
deport	surprise	deportar
deport	trust	deportar
affection	anger	afecto
affection	anticipation	de afecto
affection	disgust	de afecto
affection	fear	de afecto
affection	joy	afecto
affection	negative	de afecto
affection	positive	de afecto
affection	sadness	de afecto
affection	surprise	afecto
affection	trust	de afecto
enormous	anger	enorme
enormous	anticipation	enorme
enormous	disgust	enorme
enormous	fear	enorme
enormous	joy	enorme
enormous	negative	enorme
enormous	positive	enorme
enormous	sadness	enorme
enormous	surprise	enorme
enormous	trust	enorme
enrich	anger	enriquecer
enrich	anticipation	enriquecer
enrich	disgust	enriquecer
enrich	fear	enriquecer
enrich	joy	enriquecer
enrich	negative	enriquecer
enrich	positive	enriquecer
enrich	sadness	enriquecer
enrich	surprise	enriquecer
enrich	trust	enriquecer
brother	anger	hermano
brother	anticipation	de hermano
brother	disgust	de hermano
brother	fear	de hermano
brother	joy	hermano
brother	negative	de hermano
brother	positive	de hermano
brother	sadness	de hermano
brother	surprise	propulsión
brother	trust	de propulsión
propulsion	anger	de hermano
propulsion	anticipation	de hermano
propulsion	disgust	propulsión
propulsion	fear	de propulsión
propulsion	joy	de propulsión
propulsion	negative	de propulsión
propulsion	positive	propulsión
propulsion	sadness	de propulsión
propulsion	surprise	de propulsión
propulsion	trust	de propulsión
obedient	anger	obediente
obedient	anticipation	obediente
obedient	disgust	obediente
obedient	fear	obediente
obedient	joy	obediente
obedient	negative	obediente
obedient	positive	obediente
obedient	sadness	obediente
obedient	surprise	obediente
obedient	trust	obediente
incestuous	anger	incestuoso
incestuous	anticipation	incestuoso
incestuous	disgust	incestuoso
incestuous	fear	incestuoso
incestuous	joy	incestuoso
incestuous	negative	incestuoso
incestuous	positive	incestuoso
incestuous	sadness	incestuoso
incestuous	surprise	incestuoso
incestuous	trust	incestuoso
grope	anger	grope
grope	anticipation	grope
grope	disgust	grope
grope	fear	grope
grope	joy	grope
grope	negative	grope
grope	positive	grope
grope	sadness	grope
grope	surprise	grope
grope	trust	grope
minded	anger	importó
minded	anticipation	importado
minded	disgust	importó
minded	fear	importado
minded	joy	importó
minded	negative	importado
minded	positive	importó
minded	sadness	importado
minded	surprise	importó
minded	trust	importado
potter	anger	potter
potter	anticipation	potter
potter	disgust	potter
potter	fear	potter
potter	joy	potter
potter	negative	potter
potter	positive	potter
potter	sadness	potter
potter	surprise	potter
potter	trust	potter
incapacity	anger	incapacity
incapacity	anticipation	incapacity
incapacity	disgust	incapacity
incapacity	fear	incapacity
incapacity	joy	incapacity
incapacity	negative	incapacity
incapacity	positive	incapacity
incapacity	sadness	incapacity
incapacity	surprise	incapacity
incapacity	trust	incapacity
accredited	anger	acreditó
accredited	anticipation	acreditado
accredited	disgust	acreditó
accredited	fear	acreditado
accredited	joy	acreditó
accredited	negative	acreditado
accredited	positive	acreditó
accredited	sadness	acreditado
accredited	surprise	acreditó
accredited	trust	acreditado
prosperous	anger	próspero
prosperous	anticipation	próspero
prosperous	disgust	próspero
prosperous	fear	próspero
prosperous	joy	próspero
prosperous	negative	próspero
prosperous	positive	próspero
prosperous	sadness	edificios
prosperous	surprise	de edificios
prosperous	trust	prósperos
buildings	anger	prósperos
buildings	anticipation	prósperos
buildings	disgust	edificios
buildings	fear	de edificios
buildings	joy	de edificios
buildings	negative	de edificios
buildings	positive	edificios
buildings	sadness	de edificios
buildings	surprise	de edificios
buildings	trust	de edificios
executioner	anger	executioner
executioner	anticipation	executioner
executioner	disgust	executioner
executioner	fear	executioner
executioner	joy	executioner
executioner	negative	executioner
executioner	positive	executioner
executioner	sadness	executioner
executioner	surprise	executioner
executioner	trust	executioner
pronounced	anger	pronunció
pronounced	anticipation	pronunciado
pronounced	disgust	pronunció
pronounced	fear	pronunciado
pronounced	joy	pronunció
pronounced	negative	pronunciado
pronounced	positive	pronunció
pronounced	sadness	pronunciado
pronounced	surprise	pronunció
pronounced	trust	pronunciado
destroyer	anger	destructor
destroyer	anticipation	destructor
destroyer	disgust	destructor
destroyer	fear	destructor
destroyer	joy	destructor
destroyer	negative	destructor
destroyer	positive	destructor
destroyer	sadness	destructor
destroyer	surprise	destructor
destroyer	trust	destructor
colt	anger	colt
colt	anticipation	colt
colt	disgust	colt
colt	fear	colt
colt	joy	colt
colt	negative	colt
colt	positive	colt
colt	sadness	colt
colt	surprise	colt
colt	trust	colt
angle	anger	ángulo
angle	anticipation	de ángulo
angle	disgust	de ángulo
angle	fear	de ángulo
angle	joy	ángulo
angle	negative	de ángulo
angle	positive	de ángulo
angle	sadness	de ángulo
angle	surprise	paladar
angle	trust	de paladar
palate	anger	de ángulo
palate	anticipation	de ángulo
palate	disgust	paladar
palate	fear	de paladar
palate	joy	de paladar
palate	negative	de paladar
palate	positive	paladar
palate	sadness	de paladar
palate	surprise	de paladar
palate	trust	de paladar
sidestep	anger	sidestep
sidestep	anticipation	sidestep
sidestep	disgust	sidestep
sidestep	fear	sidestep
sidestep	joy	sidestep
sidestep	negative	sidestep
sidestep	positive	sidestep
sidestep	sadness	sidestep
sidestep	surprise	sidestep
sidestep	trust	sidestep
shag	anger	shag
shag	anticipation	shag
shag	disgust	shag
shag	fear	shag
shag	joy	shag
shag	negative	shag
shag	positive	shag
shag	sadness	shag
shag	surprise	shag
shag	trust	shag
decrepit	anger	decrepit
decrepit	anticipation	decrepit
decrepit	disgust	decrepit
decrepit	fear	decrepit
decrepit	joy	decrepit
decrepit	negative	decrepit
decrepit	positive	decrepit
decrepit	sadness	decrepit
decrepit	surprise	decrepit
decrepit	trust	decrepit
superior	anger	superior
superior	anticipation	superior
superior	disgust	superior
superior	fear	superior
superior	joy	superior
superior	negative	superior
superior	positive	superior
superior	sadness	superior
superior	surprise	superior
superior	trust	superior
confines	anger	limita
confines	anticipation	limita
confines	disgust	limita
confines	fear	limita
confines	joy	limita
confines	negative	limita
confines	positive	limita
confines	sadness	limita
confines	surprise	limita
confines	trust	limita
misrepresent	anger	misrepresent
misrepresent	anticipation	misrepresent
misrepresent	disgust	misrepresent
misrepresent	fear	misrepresent
misrepresent	joy	misrepresent
misrepresent	negative	misrepresent
misrepresent	positive	misrepresent
misrepresent	sadness	misrepresent
misrepresent	surprise	misrepresent
misrepresent	trust	misrepresent
preach	anger	predica
preach	anticipation	predicar
preach	disgust	predicar
preach	fear	predicar
preach	joy	predicar
preach	negative	predicar
preach	positive	predicar
preach	sadness	predicar
preach	surprise	predicar
preach	trust	predicar
fellowship	anger	camaradería
fellowship	anticipation	de camaradería
fellowship	disgust	de camaradería
fellowship	fear	de camaradería
fellowship	joy	camaradería
fellowship	negative	de camaradería
fellowship	positive	de camaradería
fellowship	sadness	de camaradería
fellowship	surprise	bobina
fellowship	trust	de bobina
coil	anger	de camaradería
coil	anticipation	de camaradería
coil	disgust	bobina
coil	fear	de bobina
coil	joy	de bobina
coil	negative	de bobina
coil	positive	bobina
coil	sadness	de bobina
coil	surprise	de bobina
coil	trust	de bobina
softness	anger	suavidad
softness	anticipation	de suavidad
softness	disgust	de suavidad
softness	fear	de suavidad
softness	joy	suavidad
softness	negative	de suavidad
softness	positive	de suavidad
softness	sadness	de suavidad
softness	surprise	océano
softness	trust	de océano
ocean	anger	de suavidad
ocean	anticipation	de suavidad
ocean	disgust	océano
ocean	fear	de océano
ocean	joy	de océano
ocean	negative	de océano
ocean	positive	océano
ocean	sadness	de océano
ocean	surprise	de océano
ocean	trust	de océano
compute	anger	computa
compute	anticipation	computar
compute	disgust	computar
compute	fear	computar
compute	joy	computar
compute	negative	computar
compute	positive	computar
compute	sadness	computar
compute	surprise	computar
compute	trust	computar
leniency	anger	lenidad
leniency	anticipation	de lenidad
leniency	disgust	de lenidad
leniency	fear	de lenidad
leniency	joy	lenidad
leniency	negative	de lenidad
leniency	positive	de lenidad
leniency	sadness	de lenidad
leniency	surprise	cama
leniency	trust	de cama
bed	anger	de lenidad
bed	anticipation	de lenidad
bed	disgust	cama
bed	fear	de cama
bed	joy	de cama
bed	negative	de cama
bed	positive	cama
bed	sadness	de cama
bed	surprise	de cama
bed	trust	de cama
situated	anger	situó
situated	anticipation	situada
situated	disgust	situó
situated	fear	situado
situated	joy	situó
situated	negative	situado
situated	positive	situó
situated	sadness	situado
situated	surprise	situó
situated	trust	escrutinio
scrutiny	anger	de escrutinio
scrutiny	anticipation	de escrutinio
scrutiny	disgust	situado
scrutiny	fear	escrutinio
scrutiny	joy	de escrutinio
scrutiny	negative	de escrutinio
scrutiny	positive	de escrutinio
scrutiny	sadness	escrutinio
scrutiny	surprise	de escrutinio
scrutiny	trust	del escrutinio
columnar	anger	columnar
columnar	anticipation	columnar
columnar	disgust	columnar
columnar	fear	columnar
columnar	joy	columnar
columnar	negative	columnar
columnar	positive	columnar
columnar	sadness	columnar
columnar	surprise	columnar
columnar	trust	columnar
medical	anger	médico
medical	anticipation	médico
medical	disgust	médico
medical	fear	médico
medical	joy	médico
medical	negative	médico
medical	positive	médico
medical	sadness	barbecho
medical	surprise	de barbecho
medical	trust	médico
fallow	anger	médico
fallow	anticipation	médico
fallow	disgust	barbecho
fallow	fear	de barbecho
fallow	joy	de barbecho
fallow	negative	de barbecho
fallow	positive	barbecho
fallow	sadness	de barbecho
fallow	surprise	de barbecho
fallow	trust	de barbecho
assignee	anger	assignee
assignee	anticipation	assignee
assignee	disgust	assignee
assignee	fear	assignee
assignee	joy	assignee
assignee	negative	assignee
assignee	positive	assignee
assignee	sadness	assignee
assignee	surprise	assignee
assignee	trust	assignee
movie	anger	película
movie	anticipation	de película
movie	disgust	de película
movie	fear	de película
movie	joy	película
movie	negative	de película
movie	positive	de película
movie	sadness	de película
movie	surprise	película
movie	trust	de película
refute	anger	refute
refute	anticipation	refute
refute	disgust	refute
refute	fear	refute
refute	joy	refute
refute	negative	refute
refute	positive	refute
refute	sadness	refute
refute	surprise	refute
refute	trust	refute
vomiting	anger	vomitando
vomiting	anticipation	vomitando
vomiting	disgust	vomitando
vomiting	fear	vomitando
vomiting	joy	vomitando
vomiting	negative	vomitando
vomiting	positive	vomitando
vomiting	sadness	vomitando
vomiting	surprise	vomitando
vomiting	trust	vomitando
tertiary	anger	terciario
tertiary	anticipation	terciario
tertiary	disgust	terciario
tertiary	fear	terciario
tertiary	joy	terciario
tertiary	negative	terciario
tertiary	positive	terciario
tertiary	sadness	terciario
tertiary	surprise	terciario
tertiary	trust	terciario
godsend	anger	godsend
godsend	anticipation	godsend
godsend	disgust	godsend
godsend	fear	godsend
godsend	joy	godsend
godsend	negative	godsend
godsend	positive	godsend
godsend	sadness	godsend
godsend	surprise	godsend
godsend	trust	godsend
jump	anger	salto
jump	anticipation	de salto
jump	disgust	de salto
jump	fear	de salto
jump	joy	salto
jump	negative	de salto
jump	positive	de salto
jump	sadness	de salto
jump	surprise	veredicto
jump	trust	de veredicto
verdict	anger	de salto
verdict	anticipation	de salto
verdict	disgust	veredicto
verdict	fear	de veredicto
verdict	joy	de veredicto
verdict	negative	de veredicto
verdict	positive	veredicto
verdict	sadness	de veredicto
verdict	surprise	de veredicto
verdict	trust	de veredicto
chloroform	anger	cloroformo
chloroform	anticipation	de cloroformo
chloroform	disgust	de cloroformo
chloroform	fear	de cloroformo
chloroform	joy	cloroformo
chloroform	negative	de cloroformo
chloroform	positive	de cloroformo
chloroform	sadness	de cloroformo
chloroform	surprise	cloroformo
chloroform	trust	de cloroformo
industrious	anger	trabajador
industrious	anticipation	trabajador
industrious	disgust	trabajador
industrious	fear	trabajador
industrious	joy	trabajador
industrious	negative	trabajador
industrious	positive	trabajador
industrious	sadness	fin
industrious	surprise	de fin
industrious	trust	trabajador
end	anger	trabajador
end	anticipation	trabajador
end	disgust	fin
end	fear	de fin
end	joy	de fin
end	negative	de fin
end	positive	fin
end	sadness	de fin
end	surprise	de fin
end	trust	de fin
splendid	anger	espléndido
splendid	anticipation	espléndido
splendid	disgust	espléndido
splendid	fear	espléndido
splendid	joy	espléndido
splendid	negative	espléndido
splendid	positive	espléndido
splendid	sadness	teoría
splendid	surprise	de teoría
splendid	trust	espléndida
theory	anger	espléndida
theory	anticipation	espléndida
theory	disgust	teoría
theory	fear	de teoría
theory	joy	de teoría
theory	negative	de teoría
theory	positive	teoría
theory	sadness	de teoría
theory	surprise	de teoría
theory	trust	de teoría
miss	anger	pierde
miss	anticipation	perder
miss	disgust	perder
miss	fear	perder
miss	joy	perder
miss	negative	perder
miss	positive	perder
miss	sadness	perder
miss	surprise	perder
miss	trust	perder
argumentation	anger	argumentación
argumentation	anticipation	de argumentación
argumentation	disgust	de argumentación
argumentation	fear	de argumentación
argumentation	joy	argumentación
argumentation	negative	de argumentación
argumentation	positive	de argumentación
argumentation	sadness	de argumentación
argumentation	surprise	difusión
argumentation	trust	de difusión
diffusion	anger	de argumentación
diffusion	anticipation	de argumentación
diffusion	disgust	difusión
diffusion	fear	de difusión
diffusion	joy	de difusión
diffusion	negative	de difusión
diffusion	positive	difusión
diffusion	sadness	de difusión
diffusion	surprise	de difusión
diffusion	trust	de difusión
pride	anger	orgullo
pride	anticipation	de orgullo
pride	disgust	de orgullo
pride	fear	de orgullo
pride	joy	orgullo
pride	negative	de orgullo
pride	positive	de orgullo
pride	sadness	de orgullo
pride	surprise	orgullo
pride	trust	de orgullo
distraught	anger	distraught
distraught	anticipation	distraught
distraught	disgust	distraught
distraught	fear	distraught
distraught	joy	distraught
distraught	negative	distraught
distraught	positive	distraught
distraught	sadness	distraught
distraught	surprise	distraught
distraught	trust	distraught
ogre	anger	ogro
ogre	anticipation	de ogro
ogre	disgust	de ogro
ogre	fear	de ogro
ogre	joy	ogro
ogre	negative	de ogro
ogre	positive	de ogro
ogre	sadness	de ogro
ogre	surprise	ogro
ogre	trust	de ogro
fits	anger	cabe
fits	anticipation	cabe
fits	disgust	cabe
fits	fear	cabe
fits	joy	cabe
fits	negative	cabe
fits	positive	cabe
fits	sadness	cabe
fits	surprise	cabe
fits	trust	cabe
compressible	anger	compresible
compressible	anticipation	compresible
compressible	disgust	compresible
compressible	fear	compresible
compressible	joy	compresible
compressible	negative	compresible
compressible	positive	compresible
compressible	sadness	compresible
compressible	surprise	compresible
compressible	trust	compresible
wreak	anger	wreak
wreak	anticipation	wreak
wreak	disgust	wreak
wreak	fear	wreak
wreak	joy	wreak
wreak	negative	wreak
wreak	positive	wreak
wreak	sadness	wreak
wreak	surprise	wreak
wreak	trust	wreak
solar	anger	solar
solar	anticipation	solar
solar	disgust	solar
solar	fear	solar
solar	joy	solar
solar	negative	solar
solar	positive	solar
solar	sadness	solar
solar	surprise	solar
solar	trust	solar
purely	anger	puramente
purely	anticipation	puramente
purely	disgust	puramente
purely	fear	puramente
purely	joy	puramente
purely	negative	puramente
purely	positive	puramente
purely	sadness	puramente
purely	surprise	puramente
purely	trust	puramente
imprisonment	anger	encarcelamiento
imprisonment	anticipation	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	disgust	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	fear	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	joy	encarcelamiento
imprisonment	negative	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	positive	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	sadness	de encarcelamiento
imprisonment	surprise	encarcelamiento
imprisonment	trust	de encarcelamiento
ditto	anger	ídem
ditto	anticipation	ídem
ditto	disgust	ídem
ditto	fear	ídem
ditto	joy	ídem
ditto	negative	ídem
ditto	positive	ídem
ditto	sadness	ídem
ditto	surprise	ídem
ditto	trust	ídem
articulation	anger	articulación
articulation	anticipation	de articulación
articulation	disgust	de articulación
articulation	fear	de articulación
articulation	joy	articulación
articulation	negative	de articulación
articulation	positive	de articulación
articulation	sadness	de articulación
articulation	surprise	articulación
articulation	trust	de articulación
reliable	anger	fiable
reliable	anticipation	fiable
reliable	disgust	fiable
reliable	fear	fiable
reliable	joy	fiable
reliable	negative	fiable
reliable	positive	fiable
reliable	sadness	arado
reliable	surprise	de arado
reliable	trust	fiable
plough	anger	fiable
plough	anticipation	fiable
plough	disgust	arado
plough	fear	de arado
plough	joy	de arado
plough	negative	de arado
plough	positive	arado
plough	sadness	de arado
plough	surprise	de arado
plough	trust	de arado
lend	anger	deja
lend	anticipation	dejar
lend	disgust	dejar
lend	fear	dejar
lend	joy	dejar
lend	negative	dejar
lend	positive	dejar
lend	sadness	dejar
lend	surprise	dejar
lend	trust	dejar
pilot	anger	piloto
pilot	anticipation	piloto
pilot	disgust	piloto
pilot	fear	piloto
pilot	joy	piloto
pilot	negative	piloto
pilot	positive	piloto
pilot	sadness	piloto
pilot	surprise	piloto
pilot	trust	piloto
scarcely	anger	difícilmente
scarcely	anticipation	difícilmente
scarcely	disgust	difícilmente
scarcely	fear	difícilmente
scarcely	joy	difícilmente
scarcely	negative	difícilmente
scarcely	positive	difícilmente
scarcely	sadness	difícilmente
scarcely	surprise	difícilmente
scarcely	trust	difícilmente
placebo	anger	placebo
placebo	anticipation	de placebo
placebo	disgust	de placebo
placebo	fear	de placebo
placebo	joy	placebo
placebo	negative	de placebo
placebo	positive	de placebo
placebo	sadness	de placebo
placebo	surprise	independencia
placebo	trust	de independencia
independence	anger	de placebo
independence	anticipation	de placebo
independence	disgust	independencia
independence	fear	de independencia
independence	joy	de independencia
independence	negative	de independencia
independence	positive	independencia
independence	sadness	de independencia
independence	surprise	de independencia
independence	trust	de independencia
expansion	anger	expansión
expansion	anticipation	de expansión
expansion	disgust	de expansión
expansion	fear	de expansión
expansion	joy	expansión
expansion	negative	de expansión
expansion	positive	de expansión
expansion	sadness	de expansión
expansion	surprise	hermanos
expansion	trust	de hermanos
brethren	anger	de expansión
brethren	anticipation	de expansión
brethren	disgust	hermanos
brethren	fear	de hermanos
brethren	joy	de hermanos
brethren	negative	de hermanos
brethren	positive	hermanos
brethren	sadness	de hermanos
brethren	surprise	de hermanos
brethren	trust	de hermanos
discern	anger	vislumbran
discern	anticipation	vislumbrar
discern	disgust	vislumbrar
discern	fear	vislumbrar
discern	joy	vislumbrar
discern	negative	vislumbrar
discern	positive	vislumbrar
discern	sadness	vislumbrar
discern	surprise	vislumbrar
discern	trust	vislumbrar
cumbersome	anger	pesado
cumbersome	anticipation	pesado
cumbersome	disgust	pesado
cumbersome	fear	pesado
cumbersome	joy	pesado
cumbersome	negative	pesado
cumbersome	positive	pesado
cumbersome	sadness	pesado
cumbersome	surprise	pesado
cumbersome	trust	pesado
germane	anger	germane
germane	anticipation	germane
germane	disgust	germane
germane	fear	germane
germane	joy	germane
germane	negative	germane
germane	positive	germane
germane	sadness	germane
germane	surprise	germane
germane	trust	germane
sullen	anger	sullen
sullen	anticipation	sullen
sullen	disgust	sullen
sullen	fear	sullen
sullen	joy	sullen
sullen	negative	sullen
sullen	positive	sullen
sullen	sadness	sullen
sullen	surprise	sullen
sullen	trust	sullen
grouse	anger	urogallo
grouse	anticipation	de urogallo
grouse	disgust	de urogallo
grouse	fear	de urogallo
grouse	joy	urogallo
grouse	negative	de urogallo
grouse	positive	de urogallo
grouse	sadness	de urogallo
grouse	surprise	urogallo
grouse	trust	de urogallo
fumble	anger	fumble
fumble	anticipation	fumble
fumble	disgust	fumble
fumble	fear	fumble
fumble	joy	fumble
fumble	negative	fumble
fumble	positive	fumble
fumble	sadness	fumble
fumble	surprise	fumble
fumble	trust	fumble
formalism	anger	formalismo
formalism	anticipation	de formalismo
formalism	disgust	de formalismo
formalism	fear	de formalismo
formalism	joy	formalismo
formalism	negative	de formalismo
formalism	positive	de formalismo
formalism	sadness	de formalismo
formalism	surprise	formalismo
formalism	trust	de formalismo
beautiful	anger	bonito
beautiful	anticipation	bonito
beautiful	disgust	bonito
beautiful	fear	bonito
beautiful	joy	bonito
beautiful	negative	bonito
beautiful	positive	bonito
beautiful	sadness	bonito
beautiful	surprise	bonito
beautiful	trust	bonito
litigious	anger	litigioso
litigious	anticipation	litigioso
litigious	disgust	litigioso
litigious	fear	litigioso
litigious	joy	litigioso
litigious	negative	litigioso
litigious	positive	litigioso
litigious	sadness	litigioso
litigious	surprise	litigioso
litigious	trust	litigioso
lunacy	anger	lunacy
lunacy	anticipation	lunacy
lunacy	disgust	lunacy
lunacy	fear	lunacy
lunacy	joy	lunacy
lunacy	negative	lunacy
lunacy	positive	lunacy
lunacy	sadness	lunacy
lunacy	surprise	lunacy
lunacy	trust	lunacy
fever	anger	fiebre
fever	anticipation	de fiebre
fever	disgust	de fiebre
fever	fear	de fiebre
fever	joy	fiebre
fever	negative	de fiebre
fever	positive	de fiebre
fever	sadness	de fiebre
fever	surprise	conciliación
fever	trust	de conciliación
conciliation	anger	de fiebre
conciliation	anticipation	de fiebre
conciliation	disgust	conciliación
conciliation	fear	de conciliación
conciliation	joy	de conciliación
conciliation	negative	de conciliación
conciliation	positive	conciliación
conciliation	sadness	de conciliación
conciliation	surprise	de conciliación
conciliation	trust	de conciliación
heretic	anger	heretic
heretic	anticipation	heretic
heretic	disgust	heretic
heretic	fear	heretic
heretic	joy	heretic
heretic	negative	heretic
heretic	positive	heretic
heretic	sadness	heretic
heretic	surprise	heretic
heretic	trust	heretic
disperse	anger	dispersa
disperse	anticipation	dispersar
disperse	disgust	dispersar
disperse	fear	dispersar
disperse	joy	dispersar
disperse	negative	dispersar
disperse	positive	dispersar
disperse	sadness	dispersar
disperse	surprise	dispersar
disperse	trust	dispersar
glaring	anger	glaring
glaring	anticipation	glaring
glaring	disgust	glaring
glaring	fear	glaring
glaring	joy	glaring
glaring	negative	glaring
glaring	positive	glaring
glaring	sadness	glaring
glaring	surprise	glaring
glaring	trust	glaring
vicinity	anger	proximidad
vicinity	anticipation	de proximidad
vicinity	disgust	de proximidad
vicinity	fear	de proximidad
vicinity	joy	proximidad
vicinity	negative	de proximidad
vicinity	positive	de proximidad
vicinity	sadness	de proximidad
vicinity	surprise	laúd
vicinity	trust	de laúd
lute	anger	de proximidad
lute	anticipation	de proximidad
lute	disgust	laúd
lute	fear	de laúd
lute	joy	de laúd
lute	negative	de laúd
lute	positive	laúd
lute	sadness	de laúd
lute	surprise	de laúd
lute	trust	de laúd
department	anger	departamento
department	anticipation	de departamento
department	disgust	de departamento
department	fear	de departamento
department	joy	departamento
department	negative	de departamento
department	positive	de departamento
department	sadness	de departamento
department	surprise	huelga
department	trust	de huelga
strike	anger	de departamento
strike	anticipation	de departamento
strike	disgust	huelga
strike	fear	de huelga
strike	joy	de huelga
strike	negative	de huelga
strike	positive	huelga
strike	sadness	de huelga
strike	surprise	de huelga
strike	trust	de huelga
mesa	anger	mesa
mesa	anticipation	mesa
mesa	disgust	mesa
mesa	fear	mesa
mesa	joy	mesa
mesa	negative	mesa
mesa	positive	mesa
mesa	sadness	mesa
mesa	surprise	mesa
mesa	trust	mesa
cafe	anger	cafetería
cafe	anticipation	de cafetería
cafe	disgust	de cafetería
cafe	fear	de cafetería
cafe	joy	cafetería
cafe	negative	de cafetería
cafe	positive	de cafetería
cafe	sadness	de cafetería
cafe	surprise	alegoría
cafe	trust	de alegoría
allegory	anger	de cafetería
allegory	anticipation	de cafetería
allegory	disgust	alegoría
allegory	fear	de alegoría
allegory	joy	de alegoría
allegory	negative	de alegoría
allegory	positive	alegoría
allegory	sadness	de alegoría
allegory	surprise	de alegoría
allegory	trust	de alegoría
infallible	anger	infallible
infallible	anticipation	infallible
infallible	disgust	infallible
infallible	fear	infallible
infallible	joy	infallible
infallible	negative	infallible
infallible	positive	infallible
infallible	sadness	infallible
infallible	surprise	infallible
infallible	trust	infallible
uniformly	anger	uniformemente
uniformly	anticipation	uniformemente
uniformly	disgust	uniformemente
uniformly	fear	uniformemente
uniformly	joy	uniformemente
uniformly	negative	uniformemente
uniformly	positive	uniformemente
uniformly	sadness	uniformemente
uniformly	surprise	uniformemente
uniformly	trust	uniformemente
abode	anger	morada
abode	anticipation	de morada
abode	disgust	de morada
abode	fear	de morada
abode	joy	morada
abode	negative	de morada
abode	positive	de morada
abode	sadness	de morada
abode	surprise	farmacéutico
abode	trust	de farmacéutico
chemist	anger	de morada
chemist	anticipation	de morada
chemist	disgust	farmacéutico
chemist	fear	de farmacéutico
chemist	joy	de farmacéutico
chemist	negative	de farmacéutico
chemist	positive	farmacéutico
chemist	sadness	de farmacéutico
chemist	surprise	de farmacéutico
chemist	trust	de farmacéutico
weep	anger	llora
weep	anticipation	llorar
weep	disgust	llorar
weep	fear	llorar
weep	joy	llorar
weep	negative	llorar
weep	positive	llorar
weep	sadness	llorar
weep	surprise	llorar
weep	trust	llorar
symbol	anger	símbolo
symbol	anticipation	de símbolo
symbol	disgust	de símbolo
symbol	fear	de símbolo
symbol	joy	símbolo
symbol	negative	de símbolo
symbol	positive	de símbolo
symbol	sadness	de símbolo
symbol	surprise	símbolo
symbol	trust	de símbolo
retrenchment	anger	retrenchment
retrenchment	anticipation	retrenchment
retrenchment	disgust	retrenchment
retrenchment	fear	retrenchment
retrenchment	joy	retrenchment
retrenchment	negative	retrenchment
retrenchment	positive	retrenchment
retrenchment	sadness	retrenchment
retrenchment	surprise	retrenchment
retrenchment	trust	retrenchment
stature	anger	estatura
stature	anticipation	de estatura
stature	disgust	de estatura
stature	fear	de estatura
stature	joy	estatura
stature	negative	de estatura
stature	positive	de estatura
stature	sadness	de estatura
stature	surprise	estatura
stature	trust	de estatura
radioactive	anger	radioactiva
radioactive	anticipation	radioactivo
radioactive	disgust	radioactivo
radioactive	fear	radioactivo
radioactive	joy	radioactivo
radioactive	negative	radioactivo
radioactive	positive	radioactivo
radioactive	sadness	radioactivo
radioactive	surprise	radioactivo
radioactive	trust	radioactivo
intelligible	anger	inteligible
intelligible	anticipation	inteligible
intelligible	disgust	inteligible
intelligible	fear	inteligible
intelligible	joy	inteligible
intelligible	negative	inteligible
intelligible	positive	inteligible
intelligible	sadness	reducción
intelligible	surprise	de reducción
intelligible	trust	inteligible
reduction	anger	inteligible
reduction	anticipation	inteligible
reduction	disgust	reducción
reduction	fear	de reducción
reduction	joy	de reducción
reduction	negative	de reducción
reduction	positive	reducción
reduction	sadness	de reducción
reduction	surprise	de reducción
reduction	trust	de reducción
gutter	anger	gutter
gutter	anticipation	gutter
gutter	disgust	gutter
gutter	fear	gutter
gutter	joy	gutter
gutter	negative	gutter
gutter	positive	gutter
gutter	sadness	gutter
gutter	surprise	gutter
gutter	trust	gutter
stiffness	anger	stiffness
stiffness	anticipation	stiffness
stiffness	disgust	stiffness
stiffness	fear	stiffness
stiffness	joy	stiffness
stiffness	negative	stiffness
stiffness	positive	stiffness
stiffness	sadness	stiffness
stiffness	surprise	stiffness
stiffness	trust	stiffness
visualize	anger	visualiza
visualize	anticipation	visualizar
visualize	disgust	visualizar
visualize	fear	visualizar
visualize	joy	visualizar
visualize	negative	visualizar
visualize	positive	visualizar
visualize	sadness	visualizar
visualize	surprise	visualizar
visualize	trust	visualizar
bloodless	anger	exangüe
bloodless	anticipation	exangüe
bloodless	disgust	exangüe
bloodless	fear	exangüe
bloodless	joy	exangüe
bloodless	negative	exangüe
bloodless	positive	exangüe
bloodless	sadness	exangüe
bloodless	surprise	exangüe
bloodless	trust	exangüe
desirous	anger	deseoso
desirous	anticipation	deseoso
desirous	disgust	deseoso
desirous	fear	deseoso
desirous	joy	deseoso
desirous	negative	deseoso
desirous	positive	deseoso
desirous	sadness	deseoso
desirous	surprise	deseoso
desirous	trust	deseoso
living	anger	viviente
living	anticipation	viviente
living	disgust	viviente
living	fear	viviente
living	joy	viviente
living	negative	viviente
living	positive	viviente
living	sadness	viviente
living	surprise	viviente
living	trust	viviente
fishy	anger	fishy
fishy	anticipation	fishy
fishy	disgust	fishy
fishy	fear	fishy
fishy	joy	fishy
fishy	negative	fishy
fishy	positive	fishy
fishy	sadness	fishy
fishy	surprise	fishy
fishy	trust	fishy
fable	anger	fable
fable	anticipation	fable
fable	disgust	fable
fable	fear	fable
fable	joy	fable
fable	negative	fable
fable	positive	fable
fable	sadness	fable
fable	surprise	fable
fable	trust	fable
cork	anger	corcho
cork	anticipation	de corcho
cork	disgust	de corcho
cork	fear	de corcho
cork	joy	corcho
cork	negative	de corcho
cork	positive	de corcho
cork	sadness	de corcho
cork	surprise	corcho
cork	trust	de corcho
odometer	anger	odometer
odometer	anticipation	odometer
odometer	disgust	odometer
odometer	fear	odometer
odometer	joy	odometer
odometer	negative	odometer
odometer	positive	odometer
odometer	sadness	odometer
odometer	surprise	odometer
odometer	trust	odometer
follow	anger	sigue
follow	anticipation	seguir
follow	disgust	seguir
follow	fear	seguir
follow	joy	seguir
follow	negative	seguir
follow	positive	seguir
follow	sadness	seguir
follow	surprise	seguir
follow	trust	seguir
appointment	anger	cita
appointment	anticipation	de cita
appointment	disgust	de cita
appointment	fear	de cita
appointment	joy	cita
appointment	negative	de cita
appointment	positive	de cita
appointment	sadness	de cita
appointment	surprise	cita
appointment	trust	de cita
ruinous	anger	ruinous
ruinous	anticipation	ruinous
ruinous	disgust	ruinous
ruinous	fear	ruinous
ruinous	joy	ruinous
ruinous	negative	ruinous
ruinous	positive	ruinous
ruinous	sadness	ruinous
ruinous	surprise	ruinous
ruinous	trust	ruinous
continued	anger	continuó
continued	anticipation	continuado
continued	disgust	continuó
continued	fear	continuado
continued	joy	continuó
continued	negative	continuado
continued	positive	continuó
continued	sadness	continuado
continued	surprise	continuó
continued	trust	continuado
unproductive	anger	unproductive
unproductive	anticipation	unproductive
unproductive	disgust	unproductive
unproductive	fear	unproductive
unproductive	joy	unproductive
unproductive	negative	unproductive
unproductive	positive	unproductive
unproductive	sadness	unproductive
unproductive	surprise	unproductive
unproductive	trust	unproductive
strength	anger	fuerza
strength	anticipation	de fuerza
strength	disgust	de fuerza
strength	fear	de fuerza
strength	joy	fuerza
strength	negative	de fuerza
strength	positive	de fuerza
strength	sadness	de fuerza
strength	surprise	campanero
strength	trust	de campanero
ringer	anger	de fuerza
ringer	anticipation	de fuerza
ringer	disgust	campanero
ringer	fear	de campanero
ringer	joy	de campanero
ringer	negative	de campanero
ringer	positive	campanero
ringer	sadness	de campanero
ringer	surprise	de campanero
ringer	trust	de campanero
rapid	anger	rápido
rapid	anticipation	rápido
rapid	disgust	rápido
rapid	fear	rápido
rapid	joy	rápido
rapid	negative	rápido
rapid	positive	rápido
rapid	sadness	rápido
rapid	surprise	rápido
rapid	trust	rápido
endless	anger	sin fin
endless	anticipation	sin fin
endless	disgust	sin fin
endless	fear	sin fin
endless	joy	sin fin
endless	negative	sin fin
endless	positive	sin fin
endless	sadness	sin fin
endless	surprise	sin fin
endless	trust	sin fin
growling	anger	gruñiendo
growling	anticipation	gruñiendo
growling	disgust	gruñiendo
growling	fear	gruñiendo
growling	joy	gruñiendo
growling	negative	gruñiendo
growling	positive	gruñiendo
growling	sadness	gruñiendo
growling	surprise	gruñiendo
growling	trust	gruñiendo
woman	anger	mujer
woman	anticipation	de mujer
woman	disgust	de mujer
woman	fear	de mujer
woman	joy	mujer
woman	negative	de mujer
woman	positive	de mujer
woman	sadness	de mujer
woman	surprise	mujer
woman	trust	de mujer
disorderly	anger	disorderly
disorderly	anticipation	disorderly
disorderly	disgust	disorderly
disorderly	fear	disorderly
disorderly	joy	disorderly
disorderly	negative	disorderly
disorderly	positive	disorderly
disorderly	sadness	disorderly
disorderly	surprise	disorderly
disorderly	trust	disorderly
sticky	anger	pegajoso
sticky	anticipation	pegajoso
sticky	disgust	pegajoso
sticky	fear	pegajoso
sticky	joy	pegajoso
sticky	negative	pegajoso
sticky	positive	pegajoso
sticky	sadness	mediocridad
sticky	surprise	de mediocridad
sticky	trust	pegajosa
mediocrity	anger	pegajosa
mediocrity	anticipation	pegajosa
mediocrity	disgust	mediocridad
mediocrity	fear	de mediocridad
mediocrity	joy	de mediocridad
mediocrity	negative	de mediocridad
mediocrity	positive	mediocridad
mediocrity	sadness	de mediocridad
mediocrity	surprise	de mediocridad
mediocrity	trust	de mediocridad
longitudinal	anger	longitudinal
longitudinal	anticipation	longitudinal
longitudinal	disgust	longitudinal
longitudinal	fear	longitudinal
longitudinal	joy	longitudinal
longitudinal	negative	longitudinal
longitudinal	positive	longitudinal
longitudinal	sadness	escuadrón
longitudinal	surprise	de escuadrón
longitudinal	trust	longitudinal
squadron	anger	longitudinal
squadron	anticipation	longitudinal
squadron	disgust	escuadrón
squadron	fear	de escuadrón
squadron	joy	de escuadrón
squadron	negative	de escuadrón
squadron	positive	escuadrón
squadron	sadness	de escuadrón
squadron	surprise	de escuadrón
squadron	trust	de escuadrón
usurped	anger	usurpó
usurped	anticipation	usurpado
usurped	disgust	usurpó
usurped	fear	usurpado
usurped	joy	usurpó
usurped	negative	usurpado
usurped	positive	usurpó
usurped	sadness	usurpado
usurped	surprise	usurpó
usurped	trust	usurpado
randomness	anger	randomness
randomness	anticipation	randomness
randomness	disgust	randomness
randomness	fear	randomness
randomness	joy	randomness
randomness	negative	randomness
randomness	positive	randomness
randomness	sadness	randomness
randomness	surprise	randomness
randomness	trust	randomness
disbelieve	anger	disbelieve
disbelieve	anticipation	disbelieve
disbelieve	disgust	disbelieve
disbelieve	fear	disbelieve
disbelieve	joy	disbelieve
disbelieve	negative	disbelieve
disbelieve	positive	disbelieve
disbelieve	sadness	disbelieve
disbelieve	surprise	disbelieve
disbelieve	trust	disbelieve
concentration	anger	concentración
concentration	anticipation	de concentración
concentration	disgust	de concentración
concentration	fear	de concentración
concentration	joy	concentración
concentration	negative	de concentración
concentration	positive	de concentración
concentration	sadness	de concentración
concentration	surprise	concentración
concentration	trust	de concentración
curator	anger	curator
curator	anticipation	curator
curator	disgust	curator
curator	fear	curator
curator	joy	curator
curator	negative	curator
curator	positive	curator
curator	sadness	curator
curator	surprise	curator
curator	trust	curator
persecute	anger	persecute
persecute	anticipation	persecute
persecute	disgust	persecute
persecute	fear	persecute
persecute	joy	persecute
persecute	negative	persecute
persecute	positive	persecute
persecute	sadness	persecute
persecute	surprise	persecute
persecute	trust	persecute
swamped	anger	inundó
swamped	anticipation	inundado
swamped	disgust	inundó
swamped	fear	inundado
swamped	joy	inundó
swamped	negative	inundado
swamped	positive	inundó
swamped	sadness	inundado
swamped	surprise	inundó
swamped	trust	imagen
image	anger	de imagen
image	anticipation	de imagen
image	disgust	inundada
image	fear	imagen
image	joy	de imagen
image	negative	de imagen
image	positive	de imagen
image	sadness	epíteto
image	surprise	de imagen
image	trust	de imagen
epithet	anger	de imagen
epithet	anticipation	epíteto
epithet	disgust	de epíteto
epithet	fear	de epíteto
epithet	joy	de epíteto
epithet	negative	epíteto
epithet	positive	de epíteto
epithet	sadness	de epíteto
epithet	surprise	de epíteto
epithet	trust	el epíteto
tense	anger	tensa
tense	anticipation	tenso
tense	disgust	tenso
tense	fear	tenso
tense	joy	tenso
tense	negative	tenso
tense	positive	tenso
tense	sadness	resistencia
tense	surprise	de resistencia
tense	trust	tensa
resistance	anger	tensa
resistance	anticipation	tensa
resistance	disgust	resistencia
resistance	fear	de resistencia
resistance	joy	de resistencia
resistance	negative	de resistencia
resistance	positive	resistencia
resistance	sadness	de resistencia
resistance	surprise	de resistencia
resistance	trust	de resistencia
unreal	anger	irreal
unreal	anticipation	irreal
unreal	disgust	irreal
unreal	fear	irreal
unreal	joy	irreal
unreal	negative	irreal
unreal	positive	irreal
unreal	sadness	irreal
unreal	surprise	irreal
unreal	trust	irreal
cleansing	anger	limpiador
cleansing	anticipation	limpiador
cleansing	disgust	limpiador
cleansing	fear	limpiador
cleansing	joy	limpiador
cleansing	negative	limpiador
cleansing	positive	limpiador
cleansing	sadness	perejil
cleansing	surprise	de perejil
cleansing	trust	limpiador
parsley	anger	limpiador
parsley	anticipation	limpiador
parsley	disgust	perejil
parsley	fear	de perejil
parsley	joy	de perejil
parsley	negative	de perejil
parsley	positive	perejil
parsley	sadness	de perejil
parsley	surprise	de perejil
parsley	trust	de perejil
consent	anger	consentimiento
consent	anticipation	de consentimiento
consent	disgust	de consentimiento
consent	fear	de consentimiento
consent	joy	consentimiento
consent	negative	de consentimiento
consent	positive	de consentimiento
consent	sadness	de consentimiento
consent	surprise	silla
consent	trust	de silla
chair	anger	de consentimiento
chair	anticipation	de consentimiento
chair	disgust	silla
chair	fear	de silla
chair	joy	de silla
chair	negative	de silla
chair	positive	silla
chair	sadness	de silla
chair	surprise	de silla
chair	trust	de silla
circulate	anger	circula
circulate	anticipation	circular
circulate	disgust	circular
circulate	fear	circular
circulate	joy	circular
circulate	negative	circular
circulate	positive	circular
circulate	sadness	circular
circulate	surprise	circular
circulate	trust	circular
dank	anger	dank
dank	anticipation	dank
dank	disgust	dank
dank	fear	dank
dank	joy	dank
dank	negative	dank
dank	positive	dank
dank	sadness	dank
dank	surprise	dank
dank	trust	dank
tank	anger	tanque
tank	anticipation	de tanque
tank	disgust	de tanque
tank	fear	de tanque
tank	joy	tanque
tank	negative	de tanque
tank	positive	de tanque
tank	sadness	de tanque
tank	surprise	práctica
tank	trust	de práctica
practice	anger	de tanque
practice	anticipation	de tanque
practice	disgust	práctica
practice	fear	de práctica
practice	joy	de práctica
practice	negative	de práctica
practice	positive	práctica
practice	sadness	de práctica
practice	surprise	de práctica
practice	trust	de práctica
order	anger	orden
order	anticipation	de orden
order	disgust	de orden
order	fear	de orden
order	joy	orden
order	negative	de orden
order	positive	de orden
order	sadness	de orden
order	surprise	orden
order	trust	de orden
bravado	anger	bravado
bravado	anticipation	bravado
bravado	disgust	bravado
bravado	fear	bravado
bravado	joy	bravado
bravado	negative	bravado
bravado	positive	bravado
bravado	sadness	bravado
bravado	surprise	bravado
bravado	trust	bravado
perceive	anger	percibe
perceive	anticipation	percibir
perceive	disgust	percibir
perceive	fear	percibir
perceive	joy	percibir
perceive	negative	percibir
perceive	positive	percibir
perceive	sadness	percibir
perceive	surprise	percibir
perceive	trust	percibir
spanking	anger	spanking
spanking	anticipation	spanking
spanking	disgust	spanking
spanking	fear	spanking
spanking	joy	spanking
spanking	negative	spanking
spanking	positive	spanking
spanking	sadness	spanking
spanking	surprise	spanking
spanking	trust	spanking
parasol	anger	parasol
parasol	anticipation	parasol
parasol	disgust	parasol
parasol	fear	parasol
parasol	joy	parasol
parasol	negative	parasol
parasol	positive	parasol
parasol	sadness	parasol
parasol	surprise	parasol
parasol	trust	parasol
parent	anger	padre
parent	anticipation	de padre
parent	disgust	de padre
parent	fear	de padre
parent	joy	padre
parent	negative	de padre
parent	positive	de padre
parent	sadness	de padre
parent	surprise	padre
parent	trust	de padre
indistinguishable	anger	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	anticipation	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	disgust	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	fear	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	joy	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	negative	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	positive	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	sadness	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	surprise	indistinguishable
indistinguishable	trust	indistinguishable
zest	anger	zest
zest	anticipation	zest
zest	disgust	zest
zest	fear	zest
zest	joy	zest
zest	negative	zest
zest	positive	zest
zest	sadness	zest
zest	surprise	zest
zest	trust	zest
orient	anger	orienta
orient	anticipation	orientar
orient	disgust	orientar
orient	fear	orientar
orient	joy	orientar
orient	negative	orientar
orient	positive	orientar
orient	sadness	orientar
orient	surprise	orientar
orient	trust	orientar
succession	anger	sucesión
succession	anticipation	de sucesión
succession	disgust	de sucesión
succession	fear	de sucesión
succession	joy	sucesión
succession	negative	de sucesión
succession	positive	de sucesión
succession	sadness	de sucesión
succession	surprise	sucesión
succession	trust	de sucesión
concealed	anger	encubrió
concealed	anticipation	encubierta
concealed	disgust	encubrió
concealed	fear	encubierto
concealed	joy	encubrió
concealed	negative	encubierto
concealed	positive	encubrió
concealed	sadness	encubierto
concealed	surprise	encubrió
concealed	trust	encubierto
precipitate	anger	precipitar
precipitate	anticipation	precipitar
precipitate	disgust	precipitar
precipitate	fear	precipitar
precipitate	joy	precipitar
precipitate	negative	precipitar
precipitate	positive	precipitar
precipitate	sadness	precipitar
precipitate	surprise	precipitar
precipitate	trust	precipitar
opposed	anger	opposed
opposed	anticipation	opposed
opposed	disgust	opposed
opposed	fear	opposed
opposed	joy	opposed
opposed	negative	opposed
opposed	positive	opposed
opposed	sadness	opposed
opposed	surprise	opposed
opposed	trust	opposed
fan	anger	seguidor
fan	anticipation	de seguidor
fan	disgust	de seguidor
fan	fear	de seguidor
fan	joy	seguidor
fan	negative	de seguidor
fan	positive	de seguidor
fan	sadness	de seguidor
fan	surprise	erizo
fan	trust	de erizo
hedgehog	anger	de seguidor
hedgehog	anticipation	de seguidor
hedgehog	disgust	erizo
hedgehog	fear	de erizo
hedgehog	joy	de erizo
hedgehog	negative	de erizo
hedgehog	positive	erizo
hedgehog	sadness	de erizo
hedgehog	surprise	de erizo
hedgehog	trust	de erizo
aerodrome	anger	aeródromo
aerodrome	anticipation	de aeródromo
aerodrome	disgust	de aeródromo
aerodrome	fear	de aeródromo
aerodrome	joy	aeródromo
aerodrome	negative	de aeródromo
aerodrome	positive	de aeródromo
aerodrome	sadness	de aeródromo
aerodrome	surprise	aeródromo
aerodrome	trust	de aeródromo
appease	anger	apacigua
appease	anticipation	apaciguar
appease	disgust	apaciguar
appease	fear	apaciguar
appease	joy	apaciguar
appease	negative	apaciguar
appease	positive	apaciguar
appease	sadness	apaciguar
appease	surprise	apaciguar
appease	trust	apaciguar
stocks	anger	stocks
stocks	anticipation	de stocks
stocks	disgust	de stocks
stocks	fear	de stocks
stocks	joy	stocks
stocks	negative	de stocks
stocks	positive	de stocks
stocks	sadness	de stocks
stocks	surprise	stocks
stocks	trust	de stocks
savor	anger	savor
savor	anticipation	savor
savor	disgust	savor
savor	fear	savor
savor	joy	savor
savor	negative	savor
savor	positive	savor
savor	sadness	savor
savor	surprise	savor
savor	trust	savor
clergy	anger	clero
clergy	anticipation	de clero
clergy	disgust	de clero
clergy	fear	de clero
clergy	joy	clero
clergy	negative	de clero
clergy	positive	de clero
clergy	sadness	de clero
clergy	surprise	clero
clergy	trust	de clero
purify	anger	purify
purify	anticipation	purify
purify	disgust	purify
purify	fear	purify
purify	joy	purify
purify	negative	purify
purify	positive	purify
purify	sadness	purify
purify	surprise	purify
purify	trust	purify
inclusive	anger	inclusive
inclusive	anticipation	inclusive
inclusive	disgust	inclusive
inclusive	fear	inclusive
inclusive	joy	inclusive
inclusive	negative	inclusive
inclusive	positive	inclusive
inclusive	sadness	inclusive
inclusive	surprise	inclusive
inclusive	trust	inclusive
democracy	anger	democracia
democracy	anticipation	de democracia
democracy	disgust	de democracia
democracy	fear	de democracia
democracy	joy	democracia
democracy	negative	de democracia
democracy	positive	de democracia
democracy	sadness	de democracia
democracy	surprise	democracia
democracy	trust	de democracia
supple	anger	supple
supple	anticipation	supple
supple	disgust	supple
supple	fear	supple
supple	joy	supple
supple	negative	supple
supple	positive	supple
supple	sadness	supple
supple	surprise	supple
supple	trust	supple
heartily	anger	sinceramente
heartily	anticipation	sinceramente
heartily	disgust	sinceramente
heartily	fear	sinceramente
heartily	joy	sinceramente
heartily	negative	sinceramente
heartily	positive	sinceramente
heartily	sadness	sinceramente
heartily	surprise	sinceramente
heartily	trust	sinceramente
vanity	anger	vanidad
vanity	anticipation	de vanidad
vanity	disgust	de vanidad
vanity	fear	de vanidad
vanity	joy	vanidad
vanity	negative	de vanidad
vanity	positive	de vanidad
vanity	sadness	de vanidad
vanity	surprise	nihilismo
vanity	trust	de nihilismo
nihilism	anger	de vanidad
nihilism	anticipation	de vanidad
nihilism	disgust	nihilismo
nihilism	fear	de nihilismo
nihilism	joy	de nihilismo
nihilism	negative	de nihilismo
nihilism	positive	nihilismo
nihilism	sadness	de nihilismo
nihilism	surprise	de nihilismo
nihilism	trust	de nihilismo
extrusion	anger	extrusión
extrusion	anticipation	de extrusión
extrusion	disgust	de extrusión
extrusion	fear	de extrusión
extrusion	joy	extrusión
extrusion	negative	de extrusión
extrusion	positive	de extrusión
extrusion	sadness	de extrusión
extrusion	surprise	extrusión
extrusion	trust	de extrusión
assorted	anger	surtida
assorted	anticipation	surtido
assorted	disgust	surtido
assorted	fear	surtido
assorted	joy	surtido
assorted	negative	surtido
assorted	positive	surtido
assorted	sadness	surtido
assorted	surprise	surtido
assorted	trust	surtido
digress	anger	digress
digress	anticipation	digress
digress	disgust	digress
digress	fear	digress
digress	joy	digress
digress	negative	digress
digress	positive	digress
digress	sadness	digress
digress	surprise	digress
digress	trust	digress
back	anger	respalda
back	anticipation	atrás
back	disgust	atrás
back	fear	atrás
back	joy	atrás
back	negative	atrás
back	positive	atrás
back	sadness	atrás
back	surprise	atrás
back	trust	atrás
celebrated	anger	celebrado
celebrated	anticipation	celebrado
celebrated	disgust	celebrado
celebrated	fear	celebrado
celebrated	joy	celebrado
celebrated	negative	celebrado
celebrated	positive	celebrado
celebrated	sadness	celebrado
celebrated	surprise	celebrado
celebrated	trust	celebrado
disengagement	anger	disengagement
disengagement	anticipation	disengagement
disengagement	disgust	disengagement
disengagement	fear	disengagement
disengagement	joy	disengagement
disengagement	negative	disengagement
disengagement	positive	disengagement
disengagement	sadness	disengagement
disengagement	surprise	disengagement
disengagement	trust	disengagement
arrogant	anger	arrogante
arrogant	anticipation	arrogante
arrogant	disgust	arrogante
arrogant	fear	arrogante
arrogant	joy	arrogante
arrogant	negative	arrogante
arrogant	positive	arrogante
arrogant	sadness	gradiente
arrogant	surprise	de gradiente
arrogant	trust	arrogante
gradient	anger	arrogante
gradient	anticipation	arrogante
gradient	disgust	gradiente
gradient	fear	de gradiente
gradient	joy	de gradiente
gradient	negative	de gradiente
gradient	positive	gradiente
gradient	sadness	de gradiente
gradient	surprise	de gradiente
gradient	trust	de gradiente
fashionable	anger	de moda
fashionable	anticipation	de moda
fashionable	disgust	de moda
fashionable	fear	de moda
fashionable	joy	de moda
fashionable	negative	de moda
fashionable	positive	de moda
fashionable	sadness	confesión
fashionable	surprise	de confesión
fashionable	trust	de moda
confession	anger	de moda
confession	anticipation	de moda
confession	disgust	confesión
confession	fear	de confesión
confession	joy	de confesión
confession	negative	de confesión
confession	positive	confesión
confession	sadness	de confesión
confession	surprise	de confesión
confession	trust	de confesión
cinnamon	anger	canela
cinnamon	anticipation	de canela
cinnamon	disgust	de canela
cinnamon	fear	de canela
cinnamon	joy	canela
cinnamon	negative	de canela
cinnamon	positive	de canela
cinnamon	sadness	de canela
cinnamon	surprise	canela
cinnamon	trust	de canela
riddled	anger	riddled
riddled	anticipation	riddled
riddled	disgust	riddled
riddled	fear	riddled
riddled	joy	riddled
riddled	negative	riddled
riddled	positive	riddled
riddled	sadness	riddled
riddled	surprise	riddled
riddled	trust	riddled
savings	anger	ahorros
savings	anticipation	de ahorros
savings	disgust	de ahorros
savings	fear	de ahorros
savings	joy	ahorros
savings	negative	de ahorros
savings	positive	de ahorros
savings	sadness	de ahorros
savings	surprise	ahorros
savings	trust	de ahorros
corona	anger	corona
corona	anticipation	corona
corona	disgust	corona
corona	fear	corona
corona	joy	corona
corona	negative	corona
corona	positive	corona
corona	sadness	corona
corona	surprise	corona
corona	trust	corona
gigantic	anger	gigantescos
gigantic	anticipation	gigantescos
gigantic	disgust	gigantescos
gigantic	fear	gigantescos
gigantic	joy	gigantescos
gigantic	negative	gigantescos
gigantic	positive	gigantescos
gigantic	sadness	gigantescos
gigantic	surprise	gigantescos
gigantic	trust	gigantescos
chatter	anger	chatter
chatter	anticipation	chatter
chatter	disgust	chatter
chatter	fear	chatter
chatter	joy	chatter
chatter	negative	chatter
chatter	positive	chatter
chatter	sadness	chatter
chatter	surprise	chatter
chatter	trust	chatter
resilient	anger	resilient
resilient	anticipation	resilient
resilient	disgust	resilient
resilient	fear	resilient
resilient	joy	resilient
resilient	negative	resilient
resilient	positive	resilient
resilient	sadness	resilient
resilient	surprise	resilient
resilient	trust	resilient
irrational	anger	irracionales
irrational	anticipation	irracionales
irrational	disgust	irracionales
irrational	fear	irracionales
irrational	joy	irracionales
irrational	negative	irracionales
irrational	positive	irracionales
irrational	sadness	obsolescencia
irrational	surprise	de obsolescencia
irrational	trust	irracional
obsolescence	anger	irracional
obsolescence	anticipation	irracional
obsolescence	disgust	obsolescencia
obsolescence	fear	de obsolescencia
obsolescence	joy	de obsolescencia
obsolescence	negative	de obsolescencia
obsolescence	positive	obsolescencia
obsolescence	sadness	de obsolescencia
obsolescence	surprise	de obsolescencia
obsolescence	trust	de obsolescencia
humility	anger	humildad
humility	anticipation	de humildad
humility	disgust	de humildad
humility	fear	de humildad
humility	joy	humildad
humility	negative	de humildad
humility	positive	de humildad
humility	sadness	de humildad
humility	surprise	bandeja
humility	trust	de bandeja
tray	anger	de humildad
tray	anticipation	de humildad
tray	disgust	bandeja
tray	fear	de bandeja
tray	joy	de bandeja
tray	negative	de bandeja
tray	positive	bandeja
tray	sadness	de bandeja
tray	surprise	de bandeja
tray	trust	de bandeja
nettle	anger	ortiga
nettle	anticipation	de ortiga
nettle	disgust	de ortiga
nettle	fear	de ortiga
nettle	joy	ortiga
nettle	negative	de ortiga
nettle	positive	de ortiga
nettle	sadness	de ortiga
nettle	surprise	caudal
nettle	trust	de caudal
discharge	anger	de ortiga
discharge	anticipation	de ortiga
discharge	disgust	caudal
discharge	fear	de caudal
discharge	joy	de caudal
discharge	negative	de caudal
discharge	positive	caudal
discharge	sadness	de caudal
discharge	surprise	de caudal
discharge	trust	de caudal
employment	anger	ocupación
employment	anticipation	de ocupación
employment	disgust	de ocupación
employment	fear	de ocupación
employment	joy	ocupación
employment	negative	de ocupación
employment	positive	de ocupación
employment	sadness	de ocupación
employment	surprise	ocupación
employment	trust	de ocupación
circling	anger	circling
circling	anticipation	circling
circling	disgust	circling
circling	fear	circling
circling	joy	circling
circling	negative	circling
circling	positive	circling
circling	sadness	circling
circling	surprise	circling
circling	trust	circling
uncut	anger	sin cortar
uncut	anticipation	sin cortar
uncut	disgust	sin cortar
uncut	fear	sin cortar
uncut	joy	sin cortar
uncut	negative	sin cortar
uncut	positive	sin cortar
uncut	sadness	sin cortar
uncut	surprise	sin cortar
uncut	trust	sin cortar
affirmative	anger	afirmativo
affirmative	anticipation	afirmativo
affirmative	disgust	afirmativo
affirmative	fear	afirmativo
affirmative	joy	afirmativo
affirmative	negative	afirmativo
affirmative	positive	afirmativo
affirmative	sadness	afirmativo
affirmative	surprise	afirmativo
affirmative	trust	afirmativo
deliberative	anger	deliberative
deliberative	anticipation	deliberative
deliberative	disgust	deliberative
deliberative	fear	deliberative
deliberative	joy	deliberative
deliberative	negative	deliberative
deliberative	positive	deliberative
deliberative	sadness	deliberative
deliberative	surprise	deliberative
deliberative	trust	deliberative
hectic	anger	hectic
hectic	anticipation	hectic
hectic	disgust	hectic
hectic	fear	hectic
hectic	joy	hectic
hectic	negative	hectic
hectic	positive	hectic
hectic	sadness	hectic
hectic	surprise	hectic
hectic	trust	hectic
emanate	anger	emana
emanate	anticipation	emanar
emanate	disgust	emanar
emanate	fear	emanar
emanate	joy	emanar
emanate	negative	emanar
emanate	positive	emanar
emanate	sadness	emanar
emanate	surprise	emanar
emanate	trust	emanar
interested	anger	interesado
interested	anticipation	interesó
interested	disgust	interesó
interested	fear	interesado
interested	joy	interesó
interested	negative	interesado
interested	positive	interesó
interested	sadness	interesado
interested	surprise	interesó
interested	trust	interesado
verdant	anger	verdant
verdant	anticipation	verdant
verdant	disgust	verdant
verdant	fear	verdant
verdant	joy	verdant
verdant	negative	verdant
verdant	positive	verdant
verdant	sadness	verdant
verdant	surprise	verdant
verdant	trust	verdant
stoned	anger	apedreó
stoned	anticipation	apedreado
stoned	disgust	apedreó
stoned	fear	apedreado
stoned	joy	apedreó
stoned	negative	apedreado
stoned	positive	apedreó
stoned	sadness	apedreado
stoned	surprise	apedreó
stoned	trust	apedreado
mush	anger	mush
mush	anticipation	mush
mush	disgust	mush
mush	fear	mush
mush	joy	mush
mush	negative	mush
mush	positive	mush
mush	sadness	mush
mush	surprise	mush
mush	trust	mush
inactivate	anger	inactivate
inactivate	anticipation	inactivate
inactivate	disgust	inactivate
inactivate	fear	inactivate
inactivate	joy	inactivate
inactivate	negative	inactivate
inactivate	positive	inactivate
inactivate	sadness	inactivate
inactivate	surprise	inactivate
inactivate	trust	inactivate
iterate	anger	itera
iterate	anticipation	iterar
iterate	disgust	iterar
iterate	fear	iterar
iterate	joy	iterar
iterate	negative	iterar
iterate	positive	iterar
iterate	sadness	iterar
iterate	surprise	iterar
iterate	trust	iterar
commuter	anger	commuter
commuter	anticipation	commuter
commuter	disgust	commuter
commuter	fear	commuter
commuter	joy	commuter
commuter	negative	commuter
commuter	positive	commuter
commuter	sadness	commuter
commuter	surprise	commuter
commuter	trust	commuter
jovial	anger	jovial
jovial	anticipation	jovial
jovial	disgust	jovial
jovial	fear	jovial
jovial	joy	jovial
jovial	negative	jovial
jovial	positive	jovial
jovial	sadness	jovial
jovial	surprise	jovial
jovial	trust	jovial
ornamented	anger	ornamented
ornamented	anticipation	ornamented
ornamented	disgust	ornamented
ornamented	fear	ornamented
ornamented	joy	ornamented
ornamented	negative	ornamented
ornamented	positive	ornamented
ornamented	sadness	ornamented
ornamented	surprise	ornamented
ornamented	trust	ornamented
diskette	anger	disquete
diskette	anticipation	de disquete
diskette	disgust	de disquete
diskette	fear	de disquete
diskette	joy	disquete
diskette	negative	de disquete
diskette	positive	de disquete
diskette	sadness	de disquete
diskette	surprise	salida
diskette	trust	de salida
departure	anger	de disquete
departure	anticipation	de disquete
departure	disgust	salida
departure	fear	de salida
departure	joy	de salida
departure	negative	de salida
departure	positive	salida
departure	sadness	de salida
departure	surprise	de salida
departure	trust	de salida
pathway	anger	pathway
pathway	anticipation	pathway
pathway	disgust	pathway
pathway	fear	pathway
pathway	joy	pathway
pathway	negative	pathway
pathway	positive	pathway
pathway	sadness	pathway
pathway	surprise	pathway
pathway	trust	pathway
panier	anger	panier
panier	anticipation	panier
panier	disgust	panier
panier	fear	panier
panier	joy	panier
panier	negative	panier
panier	positive	panier
panier	sadness	panier
panier	surprise	panier
panier	trust	panier
bodyguard	anger	guardaespaldas
bodyguard	anticipation	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	disgust	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	fear	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	joy	guardaespaldas
bodyguard	negative	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	positive	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	sadness	de guardaespaldas
bodyguard	surprise	trofeo
bodyguard	trust	de trofeo
trophy	anger	de guardaespaldas
trophy	anticipation	de guardaespaldas
trophy	disgust	trofeo
trophy	fear	de trofeo
trophy	joy	de trofeo
trophy	negative	de trofeo
trophy	positive	trofeo
trophy	sadness	de trofeo
trophy	surprise	de trofeo
trophy	trust	de trofeo
pus	anger	pus
pus	anticipation	pus
pus	disgust	pus
pus	fear	pus
pus	joy	pus
pus	negative	pus
pus	positive	pus
pus	sadness	pus
pus	surprise	pus
pus	trust	pus
integration	anger	integración
integration	anticipation	de integración
integration	disgust	de integración
integration	fear	de integración
integration	joy	integración
integration	negative	de integración
integration	positive	de integración
integration	sadness	de integración
integration	surprise	colación
integration	trust	de colación
collation	anger	de integración
collation	anticipation	de integración
collation	disgust	colación
collation	fear	de colación
collation	joy	de colación
collation	negative	de colación
collation	positive	colación
collation	sadness	de colación
collation	surprise	de colación
collation	trust	de colación
caloric	anger	caloric
caloric	anticipation	caloric
caloric	disgust	caloric
caloric	fear	caloric
caloric	joy	caloric
caloric	negative	caloric
caloric	positive	caloric
caloric	sadness	caloric
caloric	surprise	caloric
caloric	trust	caloric
span	anger	giró
span	anticipation	abarca
span	disgust	abarca
span	fear	abarca
span	joy	abarca
span	negative	abarca
span	positive	abarca
span	sadness	abarca
span	surprise	abarca
span	trust	abarca
repeat	anger	repetir
repeat	anticipation	repetir
repeat	disgust	repetir
repeat	fear	repetir
repeat	joy	repetir
repeat	negative	repetir
repeat	positive	repetir
repeat	sadness	repetir
repeat	surprise	repetir
repeat	trust	repetir
cramp	anger	cramp
cramp	anticipation	cramp
cramp	disgust	cramp
cramp	fear	cramp
cramp	joy	cramp
cramp	negative	cramp
cramp	positive	cramp
cramp	sadness	cramp
cramp	surprise	cramp
cramp	trust	cramp
warranty	anger	garantía
warranty	anticipation	de garantía
warranty	disgust	de garantía
warranty	fear	de garantía
warranty	joy	garantía
warranty	negative	de garantía
warranty	positive	de garantía
warranty	sadness	de garantía
warranty	surprise	recreación
warranty	trust	de recreación
recreation	anger	de garantía
recreation	anticipation	de garantía
recreation	disgust	recreación
recreation	fear	de recreación
recreation	joy	de recreación
recreation	negative	de recreación
recreation	positive	recreación
recreation	sadness	de recreación
recreation	surprise	de recreación
recreation	trust	de recreación
conversion	anger	conversión
conversion	anticipation	de conversión
conversion	disgust	de conversión
conversion	fear	de conversión
conversion	joy	conversión
conversion	negative	de conversión
conversion	positive	de conversión
conversion	sadness	de conversión
conversion	surprise	conversión
conversion	trust	de conversión
reluctant	anger	reticente
reluctant	anticipation	reticente
reluctant	disgust	reticente
reluctant	fear	reticente
reluctant	joy	reticente
reluctant	negative	reticente
reluctant	positive	reticente
reluctant	sadness	reticente
reluctant	surprise	reticente
reluctant	trust	reticente
perplexing	anger	perplexing
perplexing	anticipation	perplexing
perplexing	disgust	perplexing
perplexing	fear	perplexing
perplexing	joy	perplexing
perplexing	negative	perplexing
perplexing	positive	perplexing
perplexing	sadness	perplexing
perplexing	surprise	perplexing
perplexing	trust	perplexing
sphere	anger	esfera
sphere	anticipation	de esfera
sphere	disgust	de esfera
sphere	fear	de esfera
sphere	joy	esfera
sphere	negative	de esfera
sphere	positive	de esfera
sphere	sadness	de esfera
sphere	surprise	esfera
sphere	trust	de esfera
eternal	anger	eterna
eternal	anticipation	eterno
eternal	disgust	eterno
eternal	fear	eterno
eternal	joy	eterno
eternal	negative	eterno
eternal	positive	eterno
eternal	sadness	riachuelo
eternal	surprise	de riachuelo
eternal	trust	eterno
creek	anger	eterno
creek	anticipation	eterno
creek	disgust	riachuelo
creek	fear	de riachuelo
creek	joy	de riachuelo
creek	negative	de riachuelo
creek	positive	riachuelo
creek	sadness	de riachuelo
creek	surprise	de riachuelo
creek	trust	de riachuelo
piscina	anger	piscina
piscina	anticipation	piscina
piscina	disgust	piscina
piscina	fear	piscina
piscina	joy	piscina
piscina	negative	piscina
piscina	positive	piscina
piscina	sadness	piscina
piscina	surprise	piscina
piscina	trust	piscina
gram	anger	gramo
gram	anticipation	de gramo
gram	disgust	de gramo
gram	fear	de gramo
gram	joy	gramo
gram	negative	de gramo
gram	positive	de gramo
gram	sadness	de gramo
gram	surprise	gramo
gram	trust	de gramo
athleticism	anger	athleticism
athleticism	anticipation	athleticism
athleticism	disgust	athleticism
athleticism	fear	athleticism
athleticism	joy	athleticism
athleticism	negative	athleticism
athleticism	positive	athleticism
athleticism	sadness	athleticism
athleticism	surprise	athleticism
athleticism	trust	athleticism
oneness	anger	oneness
oneness	anticipation	oneness
oneness	disgust	oneness
oneness	fear	oneness
oneness	joy	oneness
oneness	negative	oneness
oneness	positive	oneness
oneness	sadness	oneness
oneness	surprise	oneness
oneness	trust	oneness
kind	anger	amable
kind	anticipation	amable
kind	disgust	amable
kind	fear	amable
kind	joy	amable
kind	negative	amable
kind	positive	clase
kind	sadness	amable
kind	surprise	amable
kind	trust	amable
underneath	anger	debajo
underneath	anticipation	debajo
underneath	disgust	debajo
underneath	fear	debajo
underneath	joy	debajo
underneath	negative	debajo
underneath	positive	debajo
underneath	sadness	debajo
underneath	surprise	debajo
underneath	trust	debajo
stopwatch	anger	stopwatch
stopwatch	anticipation	stopwatch
stopwatch	disgust	stopwatch
stopwatch	fear	stopwatch
stopwatch	joy	stopwatch
stopwatch	negative	stopwatch
stopwatch	positive	stopwatch
stopwatch	sadness	stopwatch
stopwatch	surprise	stopwatch
stopwatch	trust	stopwatch
progenitor	anger	progenitor
progenitor	anticipation	de progenitor
progenitor	disgust	de progenitor
progenitor	fear	de progenitor
progenitor	joy	progenitor
progenitor	negative	de progenitor
progenitor	positive	de progenitor
progenitor	sadness	de progenitor
progenitor	surprise	indigestión
progenitor	trust	de indigestión
indigestion	anger	de progenitor
indigestion	anticipation	de progenitor
indigestion	disgust	indigestión
indigestion	fear	de indigestión
indigestion	joy	de indigestión
indigestion	negative	de indigestión
indigestion	positive	indigestión
indigestion	sadness	de indigestión
indigestion	surprise	de indigestión
indigestion	trust	de indigestión
gasification	anger	gasificación
gasification	anticipation	de gasificación
gasification	disgust	de gasificación
gasification	fear	de gasificación
gasification	joy	gasificación
gasification	negative	de gasificación
gasification	positive	de gasificación
gasification	sadness	de gasificación
gasification	surprise	gasificación
gasification	trust	de gasificación
amateur	anger	amateur
amateur	anticipation	amateur
amateur	disgust	amateur
amateur	fear	amateur
amateur	joy	amateur
amateur	negative	amateur
amateur	positive	amateur
amateur	sadness	agencia
amateur	surprise	de agencia
amateur	trust	amateur
agency	anger	amateur
agency	anticipation	amateur
agency	disgust	agencia
agency	fear	de agencia
agency	joy	de agencia
agency	negative	de agencia
agency	positive	agencia
agency	sadness	de agencia
agency	surprise	de agencia
agency	trust	de agencia
birthday	anger	cumpleaños
birthday	anticipation	de cumpleaños
birthday	disgust	de cumpleaños
birthday	fear	de cumpleaños
birthday	joy	cumpleaños
birthday	negative	de cumpleaños
birthday	positive	de cumpleaños
birthday	sadness	de cumpleaños
birthday	surprise	cumpleaños
birthday	trust	de cumpleaños
harlot	anger	harlot
harlot	anticipation	harlot
harlot	disgust	harlot
harlot	fear	harlot
harlot	joy	harlot
harlot	negative	harlot
harlot	positive	harlot
harlot	sadness	harlot
harlot	surprise	harlot
harlot	trust	harlot
disappointed	anger	decepcionó
disappointed	anticipation	decepcionado
disappointed	disgust	decepcionó
disappointed	fear	decepcionado
disappointed	joy	decepcionó
disappointed	negative	decepcionado
disappointed	positive	decepcionó
disappointed	sadness	decepcionado
disappointed	surprise	decepcionó
disappointed	trust	decepcionado
indebted	anger	indebted
indebted	anticipation	indebted
indebted	disgust	indebted
indebted	fear	indebted
indebted	joy	indebted
indebted	negative	indebted
indebted	positive	indebted
indebted	sadness	indebted
indebted	surprise	indebted
indebted	trust	indebted
assessment	anger	valoración
assessment	anticipation	de valoración
assessment	disgust	de valoración
assessment	fear	de valoración
assessment	joy	valoración
assessment	negative	de valoración
assessment	positive	de valoración
assessment	sadness	de valoración
assessment	surprise	valoración
assessment	trust	de valoración
steeple	anger	steeple
steeple	anticipation	steeple
steeple	disgust	steeple
steeple	fear	steeple
steeple	joy	steeple
steeple	negative	steeple
steeple	positive	steeple
steeple	sadness	steeple
steeple	surprise	steeple
steeple	trust	steeple
child	anger	niño
child	anticipation	de niño
child	disgust	de niño
child	fear	de niño
child	joy	niño
child	negative	de niño
child	positive	de niño
child	sadness	de niño
child	surprise	niño
child	trust	de niño
vigil	anger	vigil
vigil	anticipation	vigil
vigil	disgust	vigil
vigil	fear	vigil
vigil	joy	vigil
vigil	negative	vigil
vigil	positive	vigil
vigil	sadness	vigil
vigil	surprise	vigil
vigil	trust	vigil
strongly	anger	fuertemente
strongly	anticipation	fuertemente
strongly	disgust	fuertemente
strongly	fear	fuertemente
strongly	joy	fuertemente
strongly	negative	fuertemente
strongly	positive	fuertemente
strongly	sadness	fuertemente
strongly	surprise	fuertemente
strongly	trust	fuertemente
comfort	anger	comodidad
comfort	anticipation	de comodidad
comfort	disgust	de comodidad
comfort	fear	de comodidad
comfort	joy	comodidad
comfort	negative	de comodidad
comfort	positive	de comodidad
comfort	sadness	de comodidad
comfort	surprise	comodidad
comfort	trust	de comodidad
calibrate	anger	calibra
calibrate	anticipation	calibrar
calibrate	disgust	calibrar
calibrate	fear	calibrar
calibrate	joy	calibrar
calibrate	negative	calibrar
calibrate	positive	calibrar
calibrate	sadness	calibrar
calibrate	surprise	calibrar
calibrate	trust	calibrar
unthinkable	anger	impensable
unthinkable	anticipation	impensable
unthinkable	disgust	impensable
unthinkable	fear	impensable
unthinkable	joy	impensable
unthinkable	negative	impensable
unthinkable	positive	impensable
unthinkable	sadness	impensable
unthinkable	surprise	impensable
unthinkable	trust	impensable
pretty	anger	bastante
pretty	anticipation	bastante
pretty	disgust	bastante
pretty	fear	bastante
pretty	joy	bastante
pretty	negative	bastante
pretty	positive	bastante
pretty	sadness	bastante
pretty	surprise	bastante
pretty	trust	bastante
harmful	anger	nocivo
harmful	anticipation	nocivo
harmful	disgust	nocivo
harmful	fear	nocivo
harmful	joy	nocivo
harmful	negative	nocivo
harmful	positive	nocivo
harmful	sadness	invocación
harmful	surprise	de invocación
harmful	trust	nociva
invocation	anger	nociva
invocation	anticipation	nociva
invocation	disgust	invocación
invocation	fear	de invocación
invocation	joy	de invocación
invocation	negative	de invocación
invocation	positive	invocación
invocation	sadness	de invocación
invocation	surprise	de invocación
invocation	trust	de invocación
hardship	anger	trance
hardship	anticipation	de trance
hardship	disgust	de trance
hardship	fear	de trance
hardship	joy	trance
hardship	negative	de trance
hardship	positive	de trance
hardship	sadness	de trance
hardship	surprise	payaso
hardship	trust	de payaso
clown	anger	de trance
clown	anticipation	de trance
clown	disgust	payaso
clown	fear	de payaso
clown	joy	de payaso
clown	negative	de payaso
clown	positive	payaso
clown	sadness	de payaso
clown	surprise	de payaso
clown	trust	de payaso
topographical	anger	topográfico
topographical	anticipation	topográfico
topographical	disgust	topográfico
topographical	fear	topográfico
topographical	joy	topográfico
topographical	negative	topográfico
topographical	positive	topográfico
topographical	sadness	topográfico
topographical	surprise	topográfico
topographical	trust	topográfico
composite	anger	composite
composite	anticipation	composite
composite	disgust	composite
composite	fear	composite
composite	joy	composite
composite	negative	composite
composite	positive	composite
composite	sadness	composite
composite	surprise	composite
composite	trust	composite
noteworthy	anger	digno de mención
noteworthy	anticipation	digno de mención
noteworthy	disgust	digno de mención
noteworthy	fear	digno de mención
noteworthy	joy	digno de mención
noteworthy	negative	digno de mención
noteworthy	positive	digno de mención
noteworthy	sadness	broma
noteworthy	surprise	de broma
noteworthy	trust	digna de mención
jest	anger	digna
jest	anticipation	digna de mención
jest	disgust	broma
jest	fear	de broma
jest	joy	de broma
jest	negative	de broma
jest	positive	broma
jest	sadness	de broma
jest	surprise	de broma
jest	trust	de broma
document	anger	documento
document	anticipation	de documento
document	disgust	de documento
document	fear	de documento
document	joy	documento
document	negative	de documento
document	positive	de documento
document	sadness	de documento
document	surprise	documento
document	trust	de documento
lurk	anger	lurk
lurk	anticipation	lurk
lurk	disgust	lurk
lurk	fear	lurk
lurk	joy	lurk
lurk	negative	lurk
lurk	positive	lurk
lurk	sadness	lurk
lurk	surprise	lurk
lurk	trust	lurk
shack	anger	shack
shack	anticipation	shack
shack	disgust	shack
shack	fear	shack
shack	joy	shack
shack	negative	shack
shack	positive	shack
shack	sadness	shack
shack	surprise	shack
shack	trust	shack
medal	anger	medalla
medal	anticipation	de medalla
medal	disgust	de medalla
medal	fear	de medalla
medal	joy	medalla
medal	negative	de medalla
medal	positive	de medalla
medal	sadness	de medalla
medal	surprise	fisura
medal	trust	de fisura
fissure	anger	de medalla
fissure	anticipation	de medalla
fissure	disgust	fisura
fissure	fear	de fisura
fissure	joy	de fisura
fissure	negative	de fisura
fissure	positive	fisura
fissure	sadness	de fisura
fissure	surprise	de fisura
fissure	trust	de fisura
senile	anger	senile
senile	anticipation	senile
senile	disgust	senile
senile	fear	senile
senile	joy	senile
senile	negative	senile
senile	positive	senile
senile	sadness	senile
senile	surprise	senile
senile	trust	senile
sturdy	anger	sturdy
sturdy	anticipation	sturdy
sturdy	disgust	sturdy
sturdy	fear	sturdy
sturdy	joy	sturdy
sturdy	negative	sturdy
sturdy	positive	sturdy
sturdy	sadness	sturdy
sturdy	surprise	sturdy
sturdy	trust	sturdy
heroine	anger	heroína
heroine	anticipation	de heroína
heroine	disgust	de heroína
heroine	fear	de heroína
heroine	joy	heroína
heroine	negative	de heroína
heroine	positive	de heroína
heroine	sadness	de heroína
heroine	surprise	aberración
heroine	trust	de aberración
aberration	anger	de heroína
aberration	anticipation	de heroína
aberration	disgust	aberración
aberration	fear	de aberración
aberration	joy	de aberración
aberration	negative	de aberración
aberration	positive	aberración
aberration	sadness	de aberración
aberration	surprise	de aberración
aberration	trust	de aberración
abject	anger	abyecta
abject	anticipation	abyecto
abject	disgust	abyecto
abject	fear	abyecto
abject	joy	abyecto
abject	negative	abyecto
abject	positive	abyecto
abject	sadness	rapidez
abject	surprise	de rapidez
abject	trust	abyecta
rapidity	anger	abyecta
rapidity	anticipation	abyecta
rapidity	disgust	rapidez
rapidity	fear	de rapidez
rapidity	joy	de rapidez
rapidity	negative	de rapidez
rapidity	positive	rapidez
rapidity	sadness	de rapidez
rapidity	surprise	de rapidez
rapidity	trust	de rapidez
intelligence	anger	inteligencia
intelligence	anticipation	de inteligencia
intelligence	disgust	de inteligencia
intelligence	fear	de inteligencia
intelligence	joy	inteligencia
intelligence	negative	de inteligencia
intelligence	positive	de inteligencia
intelligence	sadness	de inteligencia
intelligence	surprise	inteligencia
intelligence	trust	de inteligencia
invalidate	anger	invalida
invalidate	anticipation	invalidar
invalidate	disgust	invalidar
invalidate	fear	invalidar
invalidate	joy	invalidar
invalidate	negative	invalidar
invalidate	positive	invalidar
invalidate	sadness	invalidar
invalidate	surprise	invalidar
invalidate	trust	invalidar
default	anger	default
default	anticipation	default
default	disgust	default
default	fear	default
default	joy	default
default	negative	default
default	positive	default
default	sadness	default
default	surprise	default
default	trust	default
shaky	anger	shaky
shaky	anticipation	shaky
shaky	disgust	shaky
shaky	fear	shaky
shaky	joy	shaky
shaky	negative	shaky
shaky	positive	shaky
shaky	sadness	shaky
shaky	surprise	shaky
shaky	trust	shaky
episodic	anger	episodic
episodic	anticipation	episodic
episodic	disgust	episodic
episodic	fear	episodic
episodic	joy	episodic
episodic	negative	episodic
episodic	positive	episodic
episodic	sadness	episodic
episodic	surprise	episodic
episodic	trust	episodic
worsening	anger	empeorando
worsening	anticipation	empeorando
worsening	disgust	empeorando
worsening	fear	empeorando
worsening	joy	empeorando
worsening	negative	empeorando
worsening	positive	empeorando
worsening	sadness	empeorando
worsening	surprise	empeorando
worsening	trust	empeorando
jersey	anger	suéter
jersey	anticipation	de suéter
jersey	disgust	de suéter
jersey	fear	de suéter
jersey	joy	suéter
jersey	negative	de suéter
jersey	positive	de suéter
jersey	sadness	de suéter
jersey	surprise	maná
jersey	trust	de maná
manna	anger	de suéter
manna	anticipation	de suéter
manna	disgust	maná
manna	fear	de maná
manna	joy	de maná
manna	negative	de maná
manna	positive	maná
manna	sadness	de maná
manna	surprise	de maná
manna	trust	de maná
penny	anger	penique
penny	anticipation	de penique
penny	disgust	de penique
penny	fear	de penique
penny	joy	penique
penny	negative	de penique
penny	positive	de penique
penny	sadness	de penique
penny	surprise	interno
penny	trust	de interno
intern	anger	de penique
intern	anticipation	de penique
intern	disgust	interno
intern	fear	de interno
intern	joy	de interno
intern	negative	de interno
intern	positive	interno
intern	sadness	de interno
intern	surprise	de interno
intern	trust	de interno
send	anger	envía
send	anticipation	enviar
send	disgust	enviar
send	fear	enviar
send	joy	enviar
send	negative	enviar
send	positive	enviar
send	sadness	enviar
send	surprise	enviar
send	trust	enviar
cautiously	anger	prudentemente
cautiously	anticipation	prudentemente
cautiously	disgust	prudentemente
cautiously	fear	prudentemente
cautiously	joy	prudentemente
cautiously	negative	prudentemente
cautiously	positive	prudentemente
cautiously	sadness	prudentemente
cautiously	surprise	prudentemente
cautiously	trust	prudentemente
insolvent	anger	insolvente
insolvent	anticipation	insolvente
insolvent	disgust	insolvente
insolvent	fear	insolvente
insolvent	joy	insolvente
insolvent	negative	insolvente
insolvent	positive	insolvente
insolvent	sadness	insolvente
insolvent	surprise	insolvente
insolvent	trust	insolvente
apostate	anger	apostate
apostate	anticipation	apostate
apostate	disgust	apostate
apostate	fear	apostate
apostate	joy	apostate
apostate	negative	apostate
apostate	positive	apostate
apostate	sadness	apostate
apostate	surprise	apostate
apostate	trust	apostate
develop	anger	desarrollar
develop	anticipation	desarrollar
develop	disgust	desarrollar
develop	fear	desarrollar
develop	joy	desarrollar
develop	negative	desarrollar
develop	positive	desarrollar
develop	sadness	desarrollar
develop	surprise	desarrollar
develop	trust	desarrollar
flexion	anger	flexion
flexion	anticipation	flexion
flexion	disgust	flexion
flexion	fear	flexion
flexion	joy	flexion
flexion	negative	flexion
flexion	positive	flexion
flexion	sadness	flexion
flexion	surprise	flexion
flexion	trust	flexion
mandrel	anger	mandrel
mandrel	anticipation	mandrel
mandrel	disgust	mandrel
mandrel	fear	mandrel
mandrel	joy	mandrel
mandrel	negative	mandrel
mandrel	positive	mandrel
mandrel	sadness	mandrel
mandrel	surprise	mandrel
mandrel	trust	mandrel
collate	anger	cotejar
collate	anticipation	cotejar
collate	disgust	cotejar
collate	fear	cotejar
collate	joy	cotejar
collate	negative	cotejar
collate	positive	cotejar
collate	sadness	cotejar
collate	surprise	cotejar
collate	trust	cotejar
badge	anger	placa
badge	anticipation	de placa
badge	disgust	de placa
badge	fear	de placa
badge	joy	placa
badge	negative	de placa
badge	positive	de placa
badge	sadness	de placa
badge	surprise	placa
badge	trust	de placa
lama	anger	lama
lama	anticipation	lama
lama	disgust	lama
lama	fear	lama
lama	joy	lama
lama	negative	lama
lama	positive	lama
lama	sadness	lama
lama	surprise	lama
lama	trust	lama
pal	anger	colega
pal	anticipation	de colega
pal	disgust	de colega
pal	fear	de colega
pal	joy	colega
pal	negative	de colega
pal	positive	de colega
pal	sadness	de colega
pal	surprise	colega
pal	trust	de colega
loathe	anger	aborrece
loathe	anticipation	aborrecer
loathe	disgust	aborrecer
loathe	fear	aborrecer
loathe	joy	aborrecer
loathe	negative	aborrecer
loathe	positive	aborrecer
loathe	sadness	aborrecer
loathe	surprise	aborrecer
loathe	trust	aborrecer
sugar	anger	azúcar
sugar	anticipation	de azúcar
sugar	disgust	de azúcar
sugar	fear	de azúcar
sugar	joy	azúcar
sugar	negative	de azúcar
sugar	positive	de azúcar
sugar	sadness	de azúcar
sugar	surprise	azúcar
sugar	trust	de azúcar
intensify	anger	intensifica
intensify	anticipation	intensificar
intensify	disgust	intensificar
intensify	fear	intensificar
intensify	joy	intensificar
intensify	negative	intensificar
intensify	positive	intensificar
intensify	sadness	intensificar
intensify	surprise	intensificar
intensify	trust	intensificar
civilian	anger	civil
civilian	anticipation	de civil
civilian	disgust	de civil
civilian	fear	de civil
civilian	joy	civil
civilian	negative	de civil
civilian	positive	de civil
civilian	sadness	de civil
civilian	surprise	botas
civilian	trust	de civil
boots	anger	del civil
boots	anticipation	chuta
boots	disgust	las botas
boots	fear	chuta
boots	joy	las botas
boots	negative	chuta
boots	positive	las botas
boots	sadness	chuta
boots	surprise	las botas
boots	trust	chuta
yielding	anger	ceder
yielding	anticipation	lucrativas
yielding	disgust	lucrativos
yielding	fear	lucrativos
yielding	joy	lucrativos
yielding	negative	lucrativos
yielding	positive	lucrativos
yielding	sadness	lucrativos
yielding	surprise	lucrativos
yielding	trust	lucrativos
vulgar	anger	vulgares
vulgar	anticipation	vulgares
vulgar	disgust	vulgares
vulgar	fear	vulgares
vulgar	joy	vulgares
vulgar	negative	vulgares
vulgar	positive	vulgares
vulgar	sadness	vulgares
vulgar	surprise	vulgares
vulgar	trust	vulgares
manipulate	anger	manipular
manipulate	anticipation	manipular
manipulate	disgust	manipular
manipulate	fear	manipular
manipulate	joy	manipular
manipulate	negative	manipular
manipulate	positive	manipular
manipulate	sadness	manipular
manipulate	surprise	manipular
manipulate	trust	manipular
carriage	anger	transporte
carriage	anticipation	de transporte
carriage	disgust	de transporte
carriage	fear	de transporte
carriage	joy	transporte
carriage	negative	de transporte
carriage	positive	de transporte
carriage	sadness	de transporte
carriage	surprise	transporte
carriage	trust	de transporte
spicy	anger	picante
spicy	anticipation	picante
spicy	disgust	picante
spicy	fear	picante
spicy	joy	picante
spicy	negative	picante
spicy	positive	picante
spicy	sadness	puente aéreo
spicy	surprise	de puente aéreo
spicy	trust	picante
airlift	anger	picante
airlift	anticipation	picante
airlift	disgust	puente aéreo
airlift	fear	de puente aéreo
airlift	joy	de puente aéreo
airlift	negative	de puente aéreo
airlift	positive	puente aéreo
airlift	sadness	de puente aéreo
airlift	surprise	de puente aéreo
airlift	trust	de puente aéreo
renovate	anger	renueva
renovate	anticipation	renovar
renovate	disgust	renovar
renovate	fear	renovar
renovate	joy	renovar
renovate	negative	renovar
renovate	positive	renovar
renovate	sadness	renovar
renovate	surprise	renovar
renovate	trust	renovar
experienced	anger	experimentado
experienced	anticipation	experimentó
experienced	disgust	experimentó
experienced	fear	experimentado
experienced	joy	experimentó
experienced	negative	experimentado
experienced	positive	experimentó
experienced	sadness	experimentado
experienced	surprise	experimentó
experienced	trust	contagio
contagion	anger	de contagio
contagion	anticipation	de contagio
contagion	disgust	experimentado
contagion	fear	contagio
contagion	joy	de contagio
contagion	negative	de contagio
contagion	positive	de contagio
contagion	sadness	contagio
contagion	surprise	de contagio
contagion	trust	del contagio
conversational	anger	conversacional
conversational	anticipation	conversacional
conversational	disgust	conversacional
conversational	fear	conversacional
conversational	joy	conversacional
conversational	negative	conversacional
conversational	positive	conversacional
conversational	sadness	conversacional
conversational	surprise	conversacional
conversational	trust	conversacional
tethered	anger	tethered
tethered	anticipation	tethered
tethered	disgust	tethered
tethered	fear	tethered
tethered	joy	tethered
tethered	negative	tethered
tethered	positive	tethered
tethered	sadness	tethered
tethered	surprise	tethered
tethered	trust	tethered
negotiation	anger	negociación
negotiation	anticipation	de negociación
negotiation	disgust	de negociación
negotiation	fear	de negociación
negotiation	joy	negociación
negotiation	negative	de negociación
negotiation	positive	de negociación
negotiation	sadness	de negociación
negotiation	surprise	negociación
negotiation	trust	de negociación
twelfth	anger	duodécimo
twelfth	anticipation	duodécimo
twelfth	disgust	duodécimo
twelfth	fear	duodécimo
twelfth	joy	duodécimo
twelfth	negative	duodécimo
twelfth	positive	duodécimo
twelfth	sadness	duodécimo
twelfth	surprise	duodécimo
twelfth	trust	duodécimo
messy	anger	messy
messy	anticipation	messy
messy	disgust	messy
messy	fear	messy
messy	joy	messy
messy	negative	messy
messy	positive	messy
messy	sadness	messy
messy	surprise	messy
messy	trust	messy
infancy	anger	infancia
infancy	anticipation	de infancia
infancy	disgust	de infancia
infancy	fear	de infancia
infancy	joy	infancia
infancy	negative	de infancia
infancy	positive	de infancia
infancy	sadness	de infancia
infancy	surprise	infancia
infancy	trust	de infancia
steal	anger	roba
steal	anticipation	robar
steal	disgust	robar
steal	fear	robar
steal	joy	robar
steal	negative	robar
steal	positive	robar
steal	sadness	robar
steal	surprise	robar
steal	trust	robar
blackmail	anger	chantaje
blackmail	anticipation	de chantaje
blackmail	disgust	de chantaje
blackmail	fear	de chantaje
blackmail	joy	chantaje
blackmail	negative	de chantaje
blackmail	positive	de chantaje
blackmail	sadness	de chantaje
blackmail	surprise	chantaje
blackmail	trust	de chantaje
scoff	anger	scoff
scoff	anticipation	scoff
scoff	disgust	scoff
scoff	fear	scoff
scoff	joy	scoff
scoff	negative	scoff
scoff	positive	scoff
scoff	sadness	scoff
scoff	surprise	scoff
scoff	trust	scoff
expedient	anger	expedient
expedient	anticipation	expedient
expedient	disgust	expedient
expedient	fear	expedient
expedient	joy	expedient
expedient	negative	expedient
expedient	positive	expedient
expedient	sadness	expedient
expedient	surprise	expedient
expedient	trust	expedient
wide	anger	ancho
wide	anticipation	ancho
wide	disgust	ancho
wide	fear	ancho
wide	joy	ancho
wide	negative	ancho
wide	positive	ancho
wide	sadness	ancho
wide	surprise	ancho
wide	trust	ancho
sniff	anger	husmear
sniff	anticipation	husmear
sniff	disgust	husmear
sniff	fear	husmear
sniff	joy	husmear
sniff	negative	husmear
sniff	positive	husmear
sniff	sadness	husmear
sniff	surprise	husmear
sniff	trust	husmear
hardening	anger	hardening
hardening	anticipation	hardening
hardening	disgust	hardening
hardening	fear	hardening
hardening	joy	hardening
hardening	negative	hardening
hardening	positive	hardening
hardening	sadness	hardening
hardening	surprise	hardening
hardening	trust	hardening
richness	anger	richness
richness	anticipation	richness
richness	disgust	richness
richness	fear	richness
richness	joy	richness
richness	negative	richness
richness	positive	richness
richness	sadness	richness
richness	surprise	richness
richness	trust	richness
leisurely	anger	leisurely
leisurely	anticipation	leisurely
leisurely	disgust	leisurely
leisurely	fear	leisurely
leisurely	joy	leisurely
leisurely	negative	leisurely
leisurely	positive	leisurely
leisurely	sadness	leisurely
leisurely	surprise	leisurely
leisurely	trust	leisurely
forlorn	anger	forlorn
forlorn	anticipation	forlorn
forlorn	disgust	forlorn
forlorn	fear	forlorn
forlorn	joy	forlorn
forlorn	negative	forlorn
forlorn	positive	forlorn
forlorn	sadness	forlorn
forlorn	surprise	forlorn
forlorn	trust	forlorn
teaser	anger	bromista
teaser	anticipation	bromista
teaser	disgust	bromista
teaser	fear	bromista
teaser	joy	bromista
teaser	negative	bromista
teaser	positive	bromista
teaser	sadness	dedo
teaser	surprise	de dedo
teaser	trust	bromista
finger	anger	bromista
finger	anticipation	bromista
finger	disgust	dedo
finger	fear	de dedo
finger	joy	de dedo
finger	negative	de dedo
finger	positive	dedo
finger	sadness	de dedo
finger	surprise	de dedo
finger	trust	de dedo
illegal	anger	ilegal
illegal	anticipation	ilegal
illegal	disgust	ilegal
illegal	fear	ilegal
illegal	joy	ilegal
illegal	negative	ilegal
illegal	positive	ilegal
illegal	sadness	ilegal
illegal	surprise	ilegal
illegal	trust	ilegal
cwt	anger	cwt
cwt	anticipation	cwt
cwt	disgust	cwt
cwt	fear	cwt
cwt	joy	cwt
cwt	negative	cwt
cwt	positive	cwt
cwt	sadness	cwt
cwt	surprise	cwt
cwt	trust	cwt
delusional	anger	delusional
delusional	anticipation	delusional
delusional	disgust	delusional
delusional	fear	delusional
delusional	joy	delusional
delusional	negative	delusional
delusional	positive	delusional
delusional	sadness	delusional
delusional	surprise	delusional
delusional	trust	delusional
compatibility	anger	compatibilidad
compatibility	anticipation	de compatibilidad
compatibility	disgust	de compatibilidad
compatibility	fear	de compatibilidad
compatibility	joy	compatibilidad
compatibility	negative	de compatibilidad
compatibility	positive	de compatibilidad
compatibility	sadness	de compatibilidad
compatibility	surprise	compatibilidad
compatibility	trust	de compatibilidad
pastel	anger	pastel
pastel	anticipation	pastel
pastel	disgust	pastel
pastel	fear	pastel
pastel	joy	pastel
pastel	negative	pastel
pastel	positive	pastel
pastel	sadness	pastel
pastel	surprise	pastel
pastel	trust	pastel
foe	anger	enemigo
foe	anticipation	de enemigo
foe	disgust	de enemigo
foe	fear	de enemigo
foe	joy	enemigo
foe	negative	de enemigo
foe	positive	de enemigo
foe	sadness	de enemigo
foe	surprise	dibujo
foe	trust	de dibujo
drawing	anger	de enemigo
drawing	anticipation	de enemigo
drawing	disgust	dibujo
drawing	fear	de dibujo
drawing	joy	de dibujo
drawing	negative	de dibujo
drawing	positive	dibujo
drawing	sadness	de dibujo
drawing	surprise	del dibujo que
drawing	trust	dibuja
cereals	anger	cereales
cereals	anticipation	de cereales
cereals	disgust	de cereales
cereals	fear	de cereales
cereals	joy	cereales
cereals	negative	de cereales
cereals	positive	de cereales
cereals	sadness	de cereales
cereals	surprise	cereales
cereals	trust	de cereales
riddance	anger	riddance
riddance	anticipation	riddance
riddance	disgust	riddance
riddance	fear	riddance
riddance	joy	riddance
riddance	negative	riddance
riddance	positive	riddance
riddance	sadness	riddance
riddance	surprise	riddance
riddance	trust	riddance
porcupine	anger	porcupine
porcupine	anticipation	porcupine
porcupine	disgust	porcupine
porcupine	fear	porcupine
porcupine	joy	porcupine
porcupine	negative	porcupine
porcupine	positive	porcupine
porcupine	sadness	porcupine
porcupine	surprise	porcupine
porcupine	trust	porcupine
snuff	anger	snuff
snuff	anticipation	snuff
snuff	disgust	snuff
snuff	fear	snuff
snuff	joy	snuff
snuff	negative	snuff
snuff	positive	snuff
snuff	sadness	snuff
snuff	surprise	snuff
snuff	trust	snuff
inspector	anger	inspector
inspector	anticipation	de inspector
inspector	disgust	de inspector
inspector	fear	de inspector
inspector	joy	inspector
inspector	negative	de inspector
inspector	positive	de inspector
inspector	sadness	de inspector
inspector	surprise	inspector
inspector	trust	de inspector
exhaustive	anger	exhaustivo
exhaustive	anticipation	exhaustivo
exhaustive	disgust	exhaustivo
exhaustive	fear	exhaustivo
exhaustive	joy	exhaustivo
exhaustive	negative	exhaustivo
exhaustive	positive	exhaustivo
exhaustive	sadness	cangrejo
exhaustive	surprise	de cangrejo
exhaustive	trust	exhaustivo
crab	anger	exhaustivo
crab	anticipation	exhaustivo
crab	disgust	cangrejo
crab	fear	de cangrejo
crab	joy	de cangrejo
crab	negative	de cangrejo
crab	positive	cangrejo
crab	sadness	de cangrejo
crab	surprise	de cangrejo
crab	trust	de cangrejo
conjure	anger	conjure
conjure	anticipation	conjure
conjure	disgust	conjure
conjure	fear	conjure
conjure	joy	conjure
conjure	negative	conjure
conjure	positive	conjure
conjure	sadness	conjure
conjure	surprise	conjure
conjure	trust	conjure
ornamental	anger	ornamental
ornamental	anticipation	ornamental
ornamental	disgust	ornamental
ornamental	fear	ornamental
ornamental	joy	ornamental
ornamental	negative	ornamental
ornamental	positive	ornamental
ornamental	sadness	ornamental
ornamental	surprise	ornamental
ornamental	trust	ornamental
lying	anger	lying
lying	anticipation	lying
lying	disgust	lying
lying	fear	lying
lying	joy	lying
lying	negative	lying
lying	positive	lying
lying	sadness	lying
lying	surprise	lying
lying	trust	lying
lengthened	anger	alargó
lengthened	anticipation	alargado
lengthened	disgust	alargó
lengthened	fear	alargado
lengthened	joy	alargó
lengthened	negative	alargado
lengthened	positive	alargó
lengthened	sadness	alargado
lengthened	surprise	alargó
lengthened	trust	hueso
bone	anger	de hueso
bone	anticipation	de hueso
bone	disgust	alargado
bone	fear	hueso
bone	joy	de hueso
bone	negative	de hueso
bone	positive	de hueso
bone	sadness	bondad
bone	surprise	de hueso
bone	trust	de hueso
goodness	anger	de hueso
goodness	anticipation	bondad
goodness	disgust	de bondad
goodness	fear	de bondad
goodness	joy	de bondad
goodness	negative	bondad
goodness	positive	de bondad
goodness	sadness	de bondad
goodness	surprise	de bondad
goodness	trust	inundación
flood	anger	de inundación
flood	anticipation	de inundación
flood	disgust	de bondad
flood	fear	inundación
flood	joy	de inundación
flood	negative	de inundación
flood	positive	de inundación
flood	sadness	inundación
flood	surprise	de inundación
flood	trust	de la inundación
sacred	anger	sagrada
sacred	anticipation	sagrado
sacred	disgust	sagrado
sacred	fear	sagrado
sacred	joy	sagrado
sacred	negative	sagrado
sacred	positive	sagrado
sacred	sadness	sagrado
sacred	surprise	sagrado
sacred	trust	sagrado
absurd	anger	absurdo
absurd	anticipation	absurdo
absurd	disgust	absurdo
absurd	fear	absurdo
absurd	joy	absurdo
absurd	negative	absurdo
absurd	positive	absurdo
absurd	sadness	absurdo
absurd	surprise	absurdo
absurd	trust	absurdo
timepiece	anger	timepiece
timepiece	anticipation	timepiece
timepiece	disgust	timepiece
timepiece	fear	timepiece
timepiece	joy	timepiece
timepiece	negative	timepiece
timepiece	positive	timepiece
timepiece	sadness	timepiece
timepiece	surprise	timepiece
timepiece	trust	timepiece
stimulus	anger	estímulo
stimulus	anticipation	de estímulo
stimulus	disgust	de estímulo
stimulus	fear	de estímulo
stimulus	joy	estímulo
stimulus	negative	de estímulo
stimulus	positive	de estímulo
stimulus	sadness	de estímulo
stimulus	surprise	estímulo
stimulus	trust	de estímulo
fervent	anger	ferviente
fervent	anticipation	ferviente
fervent	disgust	ferviente
fervent	fear	ferviente
fervent	joy	ferviente
fervent	negative	ferviente
fervent	positive	ferviente
fervent	sadness	ferviente
fervent	surprise	ferviente
fervent	trust	ferviente
actual	anger	real
actual	anticipation	real
actual	disgust	real
actual	fear	real
actual	joy	real
actual	negative	real
actual	positive	real
actual	sadness	infantería
actual	surprise	de infantería
actual	trust	real
infantry	anger	real
infantry	anticipation	real
infantry	disgust	infantería
infantry	fear	de infantería
infantry	joy	de infantería
infantry	negative	de infantería
infantry	positive	infantería
infantry	sadness	de infantería
infantry	surprise	de infantería
infantry	trust	de infantería
bounty	anger	bounty
bounty	anticipation	bounty
bounty	disgust	bounty
bounty	fear	bounty
bounty	joy	bounty
bounty	negative	bounty
bounty	positive	bounty
bounty	sadness	bounty
bounty	surprise	bounty
bounty	trust	bounty
firewood	anger	leña
firewood	anticipation	de leña
firewood	disgust	de leña
firewood	fear	de leña
firewood	joy	leña
firewood	negative	de leña
firewood	positive	de leña
firewood	sadness	de leña
firewood	surprise	leña
firewood	trust	de leña
belligerent	anger	beligerante
belligerent	anticipation	beligerante
belligerent	disgust	beligerante
belligerent	fear	beligerante
belligerent	joy	beligerante
belligerent	negative	beligerante
belligerent	positive	beligerante
belligerent	sadness	beligerante
belligerent	surprise	beligerante
belligerent	trust	beligerante
horribly	anger	horribly
horribly	anticipation	horribly
horribly	disgust	horribly
horribly	fear	horribly
horribly	joy	horribly
horribly	negative	horribly
horribly	positive	horribly
horribly	sadness	horribly
horribly	surprise	horribly
horribly	trust	horribly
detest	anger	detestar
detest	anticipation	detestar
detest	disgust	detestar
detest	fear	detestar
detest	joy	detestar
detest	negative	detestar
detest	positive	detestar
detest	sadness	detestar
detest	surprise	detestar
detest	trust	detestar
obscure	anger	oscuro
obscure	anticipation	oscuro
obscure	disgust	oscuro
obscure	fear	oscuro
obscure	joy	oscuro
obscure	negative	oscuro
obscure	positive	oscuro
obscure	sadness	oscuro
obscure	surprise	oscuro
obscure	trust	oscuro
loudness	anger	loudness
loudness	anticipation	loudness
loudness	disgust	loudness
loudness	fear	loudness
loudness	joy	loudness
loudness	negative	loudness
loudness	positive	loudness
loudness	sadness	loudness
loudness	surprise	loudness
loudness	trust	loudness
donor	anger	donante
donor	anticipation	de donante
donor	disgust	de donante
donor	fear	de donante
donor	joy	donante
donor	negative	de donante
donor	positive	de donante
donor	sadness	de donante
donor	surprise	preservación
donor	trust	de preservación
preservation	anger	de donante
preservation	anticipation	de donante
preservation	disgust	preservación
preservation	fear	de preservación
preservation	joy	de preservación
preservation	negative	de preservación
preservation	positive	preservación
preservation	sadness	de preservación
preservation	surprise	de preservación
preservation	trust	de preservación
differ	anger	difiere
differ	anticipation	diferir
differ	disgust	diferir
differ	fear	diferir
differ	joy	diferir
differ	negative	diferir
differ	positive	diferir
differ	sadness	diferir
differ	surprise	diferir
differ	trust	diferir
geology	anger	geología
geology	anticipation	de geología
geology	disgust	de geología
geology	fear	de geología
geology	joy	geología
geology	negative	de geología
geology	positive	de geología
geology	sadness	de geología
geology	surprise	geología
geology	trust	de geología
collocation	anger	collocation
collocation	anticipation	collocation
collocation	disgust	collocation
collocation	fear	collocation
collocation	joy	collocation
collocation	negative	collocation
collocation	positive	collocation
collocation	sadness	collocation
collocation	surprise	collocation
collocation	trust	collocation
defray	anger	defray
defray	anticipation	defray
defray	disgust	defray
defray	fear	defray
defray	joy	defray
defray	negative	defray
defray	positive	defray
defray	sadness	defray
defray	surprise	defray
defray	trust	defray
vulnerable	anger	vulnerable
vulnerable	anticipation	vulnerable
vulnerable	disgust	vulnerable
vulnerable	fear	vulnerable
vulnerable	joy	vulnerable
vulnerable	negative	vulnerable
vulnerable	positive	vulnerable
vulnerable	sadness	vulnerable
vulnerable	surprise	vulnerable
vulnerable	trust	vulnerable
edible	anger	comestible
edible	anticipation	comestible
edible	disgust	comestible
edible	fear	comestible
edible	joy	comestible
edible	negative	comestible
edible	positive	comestible
edible	sadness	transbordador
edible	surprise	de transbordador
edible	trust	comestible
ferry	anger	comestible
ferry	anticipation	comestible
ferry	disgust	transbordador
ferry	fear	de transbordador
ferry	joy	de transbordador
ferry	negative	de transbordador
ferry	positive	transbordador
ferry	sadness	de transbordador
ferry	surprise	de transbordador
ferry	trust	de transbordador
shiver	anger	escalofrío
shiver	anticipation	de escalofrío
shiver	disgust	de escalofrío
shiver	fear	de escalofrío
shiver	joy	escalofrío
shiver	negative	de escalofrío
shiver	positive	de escalofrío
shiver	sadness	de escalofrío
shiver	surprise	escalofrío
shiver	trust	de escalofrío
pompous	anger	pompous
pompous	anticipation	pompous
pompous	disgust	pompous
pompous	fear	pompous
pompous	joy	pompous
pompous	negative	pompous
pompous	positive	pompous
pompous	sadness	pompous
pompous	surprise	pompous
pompous	trust	pompous
holder	anger	titular
holder	anticipation	de titular
holder	disgust	de titular
holder	fear	de titular
holder	joy	titular
holder	negative	de titular
holder	positive	de titular
holder	sadness	de titular
holder	surprise	titular
holder	trust	de titular
roundup	anger	roundup
roundup	anticipation	roundup
roundup	disgust	roundup
roundup	fear	roundup
roundup	joy	roundup
roundup	negative	roundup
roundup	positive	roundup
roundup	sadness	roundup
roundup	surprise	roundup
roundup	trust	roundup
redress	anger	reparación
redress	anticipation	de reparación
redress	disgust	de reparación
redress	fear	de reparación
redress	joy	reparación
redress	negative	de reparación
redress	positive	de reparación
redress	sadness	de reparación
redress	surprise	reparación
redress	trust	de reparación
proportional	anger	proporcional
proportional	anticipation	proporcional
proportional	disgust	proporcional
proportional	fear	proporcional
proportional	joy	proporcional
proportional	negative	proporcional
proportional	positive	proporcional
proportional	sadness	proporcional
proportional	surprise	proporcional
proportional	trust	proporcional
special	anger	especial
special	anticipation	especial
special	disgust	especial
special	fear	especial
special	joy	especial
special	negative	especial
special	positive	especial
special	sadness	especial
special	surprise	especial
special	trust	especial
firework	anger	firework
firework	anticipation	firework
firework	disgust	firework
firework	fear	firework
firework	joy	firework
firework	negative	firework
firework	positive	firework
firework	sadness	firework
firework	surprise	firework
firework	trust	firework
occasional	anger	ocasional
occasional	anticipation	ocasional
occasional	disgust	ocasional
occasional	fear	ocasional
occasional	joy	ocasional
occasional	negative	ocasional
occasional	positive	ocasional
occasional	sadness	bromista
occasional	surprise	de bromista
occasional	trust	ocasional
joker	anger	ocasional
joker	anticipation	ocasional
joker	disgust	bromista
joker	fear	de bromista
joker	joy	de bromista
joker	negative	de bromista
joker	positive	bromista
joker	sadness	de bromista
joker	surprise	de bromista
joker	trust	de bromista
ultimately	anger	finalmente
ultimately	anticipation	finalmente
ultimately	disgust	finalmente
ultimately	fear	finalmente
ultimately	joy	finalmente
ultimately	negative	finalmente
ultimately	positive	finalmente
ultimately	sadness	finalmente
ultimately	surprise	finalmente
ultimately	trust	finalmente
barney	anger	barney
barney	anticipation	barney
barney	disgust	barney
barney	fear	barney
barney	joy	barney
barney	negative	barney
barney	positive	barney
barney	sadness	barney
barney	surprise	barney
barney	trust	barney
arbiter	anger	arbiter
arbiter	anticipation	arbiter
arbiter	disgust	arbiter
arbiter	fear	arbiter
arbiter	joy	arbiter
arbiter	negative	arbiter
arbiter	positive	arbiter
arbiter	sadness	arbiter
arbiter	surprise	arbiter
arbiter	trust	arbiter
compliment	anger	compliment
compliment	anticipation	compliment
compliment	disgust	compliment
compliment	fear	compliment
compliment	joy	compliment
compliment	negative	compliment
compliment	positive	compliment
compliment	sadness	compliment
compliment	surprise	compliment
compliment	trust	compliment
loudly	anger	ruidosamente
loudly	anticipation	ruidosamente
loudly	disgust	ruidosamente
loudly	fear	ruidosamente
loudly	joy	ruidosamente
loudly	negative	ruidosamente
loudly	positive	ruidosamente
loudly	sadness	ruidosamente
loudly	surprise	ruidosamente
loudly	trust	ruidosamente
horrors	anger	horrores
horrors	anticipation	de horrores
horrors	disgust	de horrores
horrors	fear	de horrores
horrors	joy	horrores
horrors	negative	de horrores
horrors	positive	de horrores
horrors	sadness	de horrores
horrors	surprise	horrores
horrors	trust	de horrores
lacquer	anger	lacquer
lacquer	anticipation	lacquer
lacquer	disgust	lacquer
lacquer	fear	lacquer
lacquer	joy	lacquer
lacquer	negative	lacquer
lacquer	positive	lacquer
lacquer	sadness	lacquer
lacquer	surprise	lacquer
lacquer	trust	lacquer
stanza	anger	estrofa
stanza	anticipation	de estrofa
stanza	disgust	de estrofa
stanza	fear	de estrofa
stanza	joy	estrofa
stanza	negative	de estrofa
stanza	positive	de estrofa
stanza	sadness	de estrofa
stanza	surprise	estrofa
stanza	trust	de estrofa
elder	anger	grande
elder	anticipation	grande
elder	disgust	grande
elder	fear	grande
elder	joy	grande
elder	negative	grande
elder	positive	mayor
elder	sadness	grande
elder	surprise	grande
elder	trust	grande
substantiate	anger	substantiate
substantiate	anticipation	substantiate
substantiate	disgust	substantiate
substantiate	fear	substantiate
substantiate	joy	substantiate
substantiate	negative	substantiate
substantiate	positive	substantiate
substantiate	sadness	substantiate
substantiate	surprise	substantiate
substantiate	trust	substantiate
shed	anger	la cabaña
shed	anticipation	derramada
shed	disgust	derrama
shed	fear	la cabaña
shed	joy	derramada
shed	negative	derrama
shed	positive	la cabaña
shed	sadness	derramada
shed	surprise	derrama
shed	trust	derramada
accidentally	anger	accidentalmente
accidentally	anticipation	accidentalmente
accidentally	disgust	accidentalmente
accidentally	fear	accidentalmente
accidentally	joy	accidentalmente
accidentally	negative	accidentalmente
accidentally	positive	accidentalmente
accidentally	sadness	accidentalmente
accidentally	surprise	accidentalmente
accidentally	trust	accidentalmente
epic	anger	épica
epic	anticipation	de épica
epic	disgust	de épica
epic	fear	de épica
epic	joy	épica
epic	negative	de épica
epic	positive	de épica
epic	sadness	de épica
epic	surprise	audiencia
epic	trust	de audiencia
audience	anger	de épica
audience	anticipation	de épica
audience	disgust	audiencia
audience	fear	de audiencia
audience	joy	de audiencia
audience	negative	de audiencia
audience	positive	audiencia
audience	sadness	de audiencia
audience	surprise	de audiencia
audience	trust	de audiencia
money	anger	dinero
money	anticipation	de dinero
money	disgust	de dinero
money	fear	de dinero
money	joy	dinero
money	negative	de dinero
money	positive	de dinero
money	sadness	de dinero
money	surprise	dinero
money	trust	de dinero que
provoking	anger	provoca
provoking	anticipation	provocando
provoking	disgust	provocando
provoking	fear	provocando
provoking	joy	provocando
provoking	negative	provocando
provoking	positive	provocando
provoking	sadness	provocando
provoking	surprise	provocando
provoking	trust	provocando
alignment	anger	alignment
alignment	anticipation	alignment
alignment	disgust	alignment
alignment	fear	alignment
alignment	joy	alignment
alignment	negative	alignment
alignment	positive	alignment
alignment	sadness	alignment
alignment	surprise	alignment
alignment	trust	alignment
irrigation	anger	riego
irrigation	anticipation	de riego
irrigation	disgust	de riego
irrigation	fear	de riego
irrigation	joy	riego
irrigation	negative	de riego
irrigation	positive	de riego
irrigation	sadness	de riego
irrigation	surprise	riego
irrigation	trust	de riego
underscore	anger	underscore
underscore	anticipation	underscore
underscore	disgust	underscore
underscore	fear	underscore
underscore	joy	underscore
underscore	negative	underscore
underscore	positive	underscore
underscore	sadness	underscore
underscore	surprise	underscore
underscore	trust	underscore
falsity	anger	falsedad
falsity	anticipation	de falsedad
falsity	disgust	de falsedad
falsity	fear	de falsedad
falsity	joy	falsedad
falsity	negative	de falsedad
falsity	positive	de falsedad
falsity	sadness	de falsedad
falsity	surprise	falsedad
falsity	trust	de falsedad
misplace	anger	misplace
misplace	anticipation	misplace
misplace	disgust	misplace
misplace	fear	misplace
misplace	joy	misplace
misplace	negative	misplace
misplace	positive	misplace
misplace	sadness	misplace
misplace	surprise	misplace
misplace	trust	misplace
gin	anger	gin
gin	anticipation	gin
gin	disgust	gin
gin	fear	gin
gin	joy	gin
gin	negative	gin
gin	positive	gin
gin	sadness	gin
gin	surprise	gin
gin	trust	gin
pleasant	anger	agradable
pleasant	anticipation	agradable
pleasant	disgust	agradable
pleasant	fear	agradable
pleasant	joy	agradable
pleasant	negative	agradable
pleasant	positive	agradable
pleasant	sadness	agradable
pleasant	surprise	agradable
pleasant	trust	agradable
consistent	anger	compatible
consistent	anticipation	compatible
consistent	disgust	compatible
consistent	fear	compatible
consistent	joy	compatible
consistent	negative	compatible
consistent	positive	compatible
consistent	sadness	trotamundos
consistent	surprise	de trotamundos
consistent	trust	compatible
wanderer	anger	compatible
wanderer	anticipation	compatible
wanderer	disgust	trotamundos
wanderer	fear	de trotamundos
wanderer	joy	de trotamundos
wanderer	negative	de trotamundos
wanderer	positive	trotamundos
wanderer	sadness	de trotamundos
wanderer	surprise	de trotamundos
wanderer	trust	de trotamundos
plaster	anger	yeso
plaster	anticipation	de yeso
plaster	disgust	de yeso
plaster	fear	de yeso
plaster	joy	yeso
plaster	negative	de yeso
plaster	positive	de yeso
plaster	sadness	de yeso
plaster	surprise	yeso
plaster	trust	de yeso que
disagreeing	anger	discrepa
disagreeing	anticipation	discrepando
disagreeing	disgust	discrepando
disagreeing	fear	discrepando
disagreeing	joy	discrepando
disagreeing	negative	discrepando
disagreeing	positive	discrepando
disagreeing	sadness	discrepando
disagreeing	surprise	discrepando
disagreeing	trust	discrepando
ordination	anger	ordination
ordination	anticipation	ordination
ordination	disgust	ordination
ordination	fear	ordination
ordination	joy	ordination
ordination	negative	ordination
ordination	positive	ordination
ordination	sadness	ordination
ordination	surprise	ordination
ordination	trust	ordination
awful	anger	terrible
awful	anticipation	terrible
awful	disgust	terrible
awful	fear	terrible
awful	joy	terrible
awful	negative	terrible
awful	positive	terrible
awful	sadness	terrible
awful	surprise	terrible
awful	trust	terrible
traveling	anger	ambulante
traveling	anticipation	ambulante
traveling	disgust	ambulante
traveling	fear	ambulante
traveling	joy	ambulante
traveling	negative	ambulante
traveling	positive	viajar
traveling	sadness	ambulante
traveling	surprise	ambulante
traveling	trust	ambulante
inmate	anger	inmate
inmate	anticipation	inmate
inmate	disgust	inmate
inmate	fear	inmate
inmate	joy	inmate
inmate	negative	inmate
inmate	positive	inmate
inmate	sadness	inmate
inmate	surprise	inmate
inmate	trust	inmate
taut	anger	tenso
taut	anticipation	tenso
taut	disgust	tenso
taut	fear	tenso
taut	joy	tenso
taut	negative	tenso
taut	positive	tenso
taut	sadness	tenso
taut	surprise	tenso
taut	trust	tenso
kidnap	anger	secuestrar
kidnap	anticipation	secuestrar
kidnap	disgust	secuestrar
kidnap	fear	secuestrar
kidnap	joy	secuestrar
kidnap	negative	secuestrar
kidnap	positive	secuestrar
kidnap	sadness	secuestrar
kidnap	surprise	secuestrar
kidnap	trust	secuestrar
climatology	anger	climatología
climatology	anticipation	de climatología
climatology	disgust	de climatología
climatology	fear	de climatología
climatology	joy	climatología
climatology	negative	de climatología
climatology	positive	de climatología
climatology	sadness	de climatología
climatology	surprise	purificación
climatology	trust	de purificación
purification	anger	de climatología
purification	anticipation	de climatología
purification	disgust	purificación
purification	fear	de purificación
purification	joy	de purificación
purification	negative	de purificación
purification	positive	purificación
purification	sadness	de purificación
purification	surprise	de purificación
purification	trust	de purificación
infeasible	anger	infeasible
infeasible	anticipation	infeasible
infeasible	disgust	infeasible
infeasible	fear	infeasible
infeasible	joy	infeasible
infeasible	negative	infeasible
infeasible	positive	infeasible
infeasible	sadness	infeasible
infeasible	surprise	infeasible
infeasible	trust	infeasible
interpret	anger	interpretar
interpret	anticipation	interpretar
interpret	disgust	interpretar
interpret	fear	interpretar
interpret	joy	interpretar
interpret	negative	interpretar
interpret	positive	interpretar
interpret	sadness	interpretar
interpret	surprise	interpretar
interpret	trust	interpretar
forward	anger	adelante
forward	anticipation	adelante
forward	disgust	adelante
forward	fear	adelante
forward	joy	adelante
forward	negative	adelante
forward	positive	adelante
forward	sadness	adelante
forward	surprise	adelante
forward	trust	adelante
integrate	anger	integrar
integrate	anticipation	integrar
integrate	disgust	integrar
integrate	fear	integrar
integrate	joy	integrar
integrate	negative	integrar
integrate	positive	integrar
integrate	sadness	integrar
integrate	surprise	integrar
integrate	trust	integrar
commutative	anger	commutative
commutative	anticipation	commutative
commutative	disgust	commutative
commutative	fear	commutative
commutative	joy	commutative
commutative	negative	commutative
commutative	positive	commutative
commutative	sadness	commutative
commutative	surprise	commutative
commutative	trust	commutative
sectarian	anger	sectario
sectarian	anticipation	sectario
sectarian	disgust	sectario
sectarian	fear	sectario
sectarian	joy	sectario
sectarian	negative	sectario
sectarian	positive	sectario
sectarian	sadness	mamífero
sectarian	surprise	de mamífero
sectarian	trust	sectario
mammal	anger	sectario
mammal	anticipation	sectario
mammal	disgust	mamífero
mammal	fear	de mamífero
mammal	joy	de mamífero
mammal	negative	de mamífero
mammal	positive	mamífero
mammal	sadness	de mamífero
mammal	surprise	de mamífero
mammal	trust	de mamífero
ultimatum	anger	ultimátum
ultimatum	anticipation	de ultimátum
ultimatum	disgust	de ultimátum
ultimatum	fear	de ultimátum
ultimatum	joy	ultimátum
ultimatum	negative	de ultimátum
ultimatum	positive	de ultimátum
ultimatum	sadness	de ultimátum
ultimatum	surprise	conservante
ultimatum	trust	de conservante
preservative	anger	de ultimátum
preservative	anticipation	de ultimátum
preservative	disgust	conservante
preservative	fear	de conservante
preservative	joy	de conservante
preservative	negative	de conservante
preservative	positive	conservante
preservative	sadness	de conservante
preservative	surprise	de conservante
preservative	trust	de conservante
melee	anger	melee
melee	anticipation	melee
melee	disgust	melee
melee	fear	melee
melee	joy	melee
melee	negative	melee
melee	positive	melee
melee	sadness	melee
melee	surprise	melee
melee	trust	melee
obligation	anger	obligación
obligation	anticipation	de obligación
obligation	disgust	de obligación
obligation	fear	de obligación
obligation	joy	obligación
obligation	negative	de obligación
obligation	positive	de obligación
obligation	sadness	de obligación
obligation	surprise	obligación
obligation	trust	de obligación
characteristic	anger	característica
characteristic	anticipation	característico
characteristic	disgust	característico
characteristic	fear	característico
characteristic	joy	característico
characteristic	negative	característico
characteristic	positive	característico
characteristic	sadness	quemador
characteristic	surprise	de quemador
characteristic	trust	característico
burner	anger	característico
burner	anticipation	característico
burner	disgust	quemador
burner	fear	de quemador
burner	joy	de quemador
burner	negative	de quemador
burner	positive	quemador
burner	sadness	de quemador
burner	surprise	de quemador
burner	trust	de quemador
barrack	anger	barraca
barrack	anticipation	de barraca
barrack	disgust	de barraca
barrack	fear	de barraca
barrack	joy	barraca
barrack	negative	de barraca
barrack	positive	de barraca
barrack	sadness	de barraca
barrack	surprise	gorra
barrack	trust	de gorra
cap	anger	de barraca
cap	anticipation	de barraca
cap	disgust	gorra
cap	fear	de gorra
cap	joy	de gorra
cap	negative	de gorra
cap	positive	gorra
cap	sadness	de gorra
cap	surprise	de gorra
cap	trust	de gorra
tourniquet	anger	torniquete
tourniquet	anticipation	de torniquete
tourniquet	disgust	de torniquete
tourniquet	fear	de torniquete
tourniquet	joy	torniquete
tourniquet	negative	de torniquete
tourniquet	positive	de torniquete
tourniquet	sadness	de torniquete
tourniquet	surprise	manifestante
tourniquet	trust	de manifestante
demonstrator	anger	de torniquete
demonstrator	anticipation	de torniquete
demonstrator	disgust	manifestante
demonstrator	fear	de manifestante
demonstrator	joy	de manifestante
demonstrator	negative	de manifestante
demonstrator	positive	manifestante
demonstrator	sadness	de manifestante
demonstrator	surprise	de manifestante
demonstrator	trust	de manifestante
cohabitation	anger	cohabitación
cohabitation	anticipation	de cohabitación
cohabitation	disgust	de cohabitación
cohabitation	fear	de cohabitación
cohabitation	joy	cohabitación
cohabitation	negative	de cohabitación
cohabitation	positive	de cohabitación
cohabitation	sadness	de cohabitación
cohabitation	surprise	cohabitación
cohabitation	trust	de cohabitación
blown	anger	soplada
blown	anticipation	soplado
blown	disgust	soplado
blown	fear	soplado
blown	joy	soplado
blown	negative	soplado
blown	positive	soplado
blown	sadness	soplado
blown	surprise	soplado
blown	trust	soplado
unsettled	anger	unsettled
unsettled	anticipation	unsettled
unsettled	disgust	unsettled
unsettled	fear	unsettled
unsettled	joy	unsettled
unsettled	negative	unsettled
unsettled	positive	unsettled
unsettled	sadness	unsettled
unsettled	surprise	unsettled
unsettled	trust	unsettled
madness	anger	locura
madness	anticipation	de locura
madness	disgust	de locura
madness	fear	de locura
madness	joy	locura
madness	negative	de locura
madness	positive	de locura
madness	sadness	de locura
madness	surprise	epidemia
madness	trust	de epidemia
epidemic	anger	de locura
epidemic	anticipation	de locura
epidemic	disgust	epidemia
epidemic	fear	de epidemia
epidemic	joy	de epidemia
epidemic	negative	de epidemia
epidemic	positive	epidemia
epidemic	sadness	de epidemia
epidemic	surprise	de epidemia
epidemic	trust	de epidemia
lessee	anger	lessee
lessee	anticipation	lessee
lessee	disgust	lessee
lessee	fear	lessee
lessee	joy	lessee
lessee	negative	lessee
lessee	positive	lessee
lessee	sadness	lessee
lessee	surprise	lessee
lessee	trust	lessee
fortuitous	anger	fortuitous
fortuitous	anticipation	fortuitous
fortuitous	disgust	fortuitous
fortuitous	fear	fortuitous
fortuitous	joy	fortuitous
fortuitous	negative	fortuitous
fortuitous	positive	fortuitous
fortuitous	sadness	fortuitous
fortuitous	surprise	fortuitous
fortuitous	trust	fortuitous
irrepressible	anger	incontenible
irrepressible	anticipation	incontenible
irrepressible	disgust	incontenible
irrepressible	fear	incontenible
irrepressible	joy	incontenible
irrepressible	negative	incontenible
irrepressible	positive	incontenible
irrepressible	sadness	obelisco
irrepressible	surprise	de obelisco
irrepressible	trust	incontenible
obelisk	anger	incontenible
obelisk	anticipation	incontenible
obelisk	disgust	obelisco
obelisk	fear	de obelisco
obelisk	joy	de obelisco
obelisk	negative	de obelisco
obelisk	positive	obelisco
obelisk	sadness	de obelisco
obelisk	surprise	de obelisco
obelisk	trust	de obelisco
fireproof	anger	ignífugo
fireproof	anticipation	ignífugo
fireproof	disgust	ignífugo
fireproof	fear	ignífugo
fireproof	joy	ignífugo
fireproof	negative	ignífugo
fireproof	positive	ignífugo
fireproof	sadness	ignífugo
fireproof	surprise	ignífugo
fireproof	trust	ignífugo
detritus	anger	detritus
detritus	anticipation	detritus
detritus	disgust	detritus
detritus	fear	detritus
detritus	joy	detritus
detritus	negative	detritus
detritus	positive	detritus
detritus	sadness	detritus
detritus	surprise	detritus
detritus	trust	detritus
relationship	anger	relación
relationship	anticipation	de relación
relationship	disgust	de relación
relationship	fear	de relación
relationship	joy	relación
relationship	negative	de relación
relationship	positive	de relación
relationship	sadness	de relación
relationship	surprise	relación
relationship	trust	de relación
unearned	anger	unearned
unearned	anticipation	unearned
unearned	disgust	unearned
unearned	fear	unearned
unearned	joy	unearned
unearned	negative	unearned
unearned	positive	unearned
unearned	sadness	unearned
unearned	surprise	unearned
unearned	trust	unearned
hoof	anger	hoof
hoof	anticipation	hoof
hoof	disgust	hoof
hoof	fear	hoof
hoof	joy	hoof
hoof	negative	hoof
hoof	positive	hoof
hoof	sadness	hoof
hoof	surprise	hoof
hoof	trust	hoof
velvet	anger	terciopelo
velvet	anticipation	de terciopelo
velvet	disgust	de terciopelo
velvet	fear	de terciopelo
velvet	joy	terciopelo
velvet	negative	de terciopelo
velvet	positive	de terciopelo
velvet	sadness	de terciopelo
velvet	surprise	terciopelo
velvet	trust	de terciopelo
stools	anger	stools
stools	anticipation	stools
stools	disgust	stools
stools	fear	stools
stools	joy	stools
stools	negative	stools
stools	positive	stools
stools	sadness	stools
stools	surprise	stools
stools	trust	stools
secretive	anger	secretive
secretive	anticipation	secretive
secretive	disgust	secretive
secretive	fear	secretive
secretive	joy	secretive
secretive	negative	secretive
secretive	positive	secretive
secretive	sadness	secretive
secretive	surprise	secretive
secretive	trust	secretive
salon	anger	salon
salon	anticipation	salon
salon	disgust	salon
salon	fear	salon
salon	joy	salon
salon	negative	salon
salon	positive	salon
salon	sadness	salon
salon	surprise	salon
salon	trust	salon
method	anger	método
method	anticipation	de método
method	disgust	de método
method	fear	de método
method	joy	método
method	negative	de método
method	positive	de método
method	sadness	de método
method	surprise	firmeza
method	trust	de firmeza
firmness	anger	de método
firmness	anticipation	de método
firmness	disgust	firmeza
firmness	fear	de firmeza
firmness	joy	de firmeza
firmness	negative	de firmeza
firmness	positive	firmeza
firmness	sadness	de firmeza
firmness	surprise	de firmeza
firmness	trust	de firmeza
cull	anger	cull
cull	anticipation	cull
cull	disgust	cull
cull	fear	cull
cull	joy	cull
cull	negative	cull
cull	positive	cull
cull	sadness	cull
cull	surprise	cull
cull	trust	cull
sharpener	anger	sharpener
sharpener	anticipation	sharpener
sharpener	disgust	sharpener
sharpener	fear	sharpener
sharpener	joy	sharpener
sharpener	negative	sharpener
sharpener	positive	sharpener
sharpener	sadness	sharpener
sharpener	surprise	sharpener
sharpener	trust	sharpener
adolescent	anger	adolescente
adolescent	anticipation	adolescente
adolescent	disgust	adolescente
adolescent	fear	adolescente
adolescent	joy	adolescente
adolescent	negative	adolescente
adolescent	positive	adolescente
adolescent	sadness	adolescente
adolescent	surprise	adolescente
adolescent	trust	adolescente
wretched	anger	wretched
wretched	anticipation	wretched
wretched	disgust	wretched
wretched	fear	wretched
wretched	joy	wretched
wretched	negative	wretched
wretched	positive	wretched
wretched	sadness	wretched
wretched	surprise	wretched
wretched	trust	wretched
flatulence	anger	flatulencia
flatulence	anticipation	de flatulencia
flatulence	disgust	de flatulencia
flatulence	fear	de flatulencia
flatulence	joy	flatulencia
flatulence	negative	de flatulencia
flatulence	positive	de flatulencia
flatulence	sadness	de flatulencia
flatulence	surprise	flatulencia
flatulence	trust	de flatulencia
exquisitely	anger	exquisitely
exquisitely	anticipation	exquisitely
exquisitely	disgust	exquisitely
exquisitely	fear	exquisitely
exquisitely	joy	exquisitely
exquisitely	negative	exquisitely
exquisitely	positive	exquisitely
exquisitely	sadness	exquisitely
exquisitely	surprise	exquisitely
exquisitely	trust	exquisitely
unofficial	anger	oficioso
unofficial	anticipation	oficioso
unofficial	disgust	oficioso
unofficial	fear	oficioso
unofficial	joy	oficioso
unofficial	negative	oficioso
unofficial	positive	oficioso
unofficial	sadness	licor
unofficial	surprise	de licor
unofficial	trust	oficioso
liqueur	anger	oficioso
liqueur	anticipation	oficioso
liqueur	disgust	licor
liqueur	fear	de licor
liqueur	joy	de licor
liqueur	negative	de licor
liqueur	positive	licor
liqueur	sadness	de licor
liqueur	surprise	de licor
liqueur	trust	de licor
define	anger	define
define	anticipation	definir
define	disgust	definir
define	fear	definir
define	joy	definir
define	negative	definir
define	positive	definir
define	sadness	definir
define	surprise	definir
define	trust	definir
interrupt	anger	interrumpir
interrupt	anticipation	interrumpir
interrupt	disgust	interrumpir
interrupt	fear	interrumpir
interrupt	joy	interrumpir
interrupt	negative	interrumpir
interrupt	positive	interrumpir
interrupt	sadness	interrumpir
interrupt	surprise	interrumpir
interrupt	trust	interrumpir
choir	anger	coro
choir	anticipation	de coro
choir	disgust	de coro
choir	fear	de coro
choir	joy	coro
choir	negative	de coro
choir	positive	de coro
choir	sadness	de coro
choir	surprise	coro
choir	trust	de coro
overjoyed	anger	overjoyed
overjoyed	anticipation	overjoyed
overjoyed	disgust	overjoyed
overjoyed	fear	overjoyed
overjoyed	joy	overjoyed
overjoyed	negative	overjoyed
overjoyed	positive	overjoyed
overjoyed	sadness	overjoyed
overjoyed	surprise	overjoyed
overjoyed	trust	overjoyed
yelp	anger	yelp
yelp	anticipation	yelp
yelp	disgust	yelp
yelp	fear	yelp
yelp	joy	yelp
yelp	negative	yelp
yelp	positive	yelp
yelp	sadness	yelp
yelp	surprise	yelp
yelp	trust	yelp
seclusion	anger	reclusión
seclusion	anticipation	de reclusión
seclusion	disgust	de reclusión
seclusion	fear	de reclusión
seclusion	joy	reclusión
seclusion	negative	de reclusión
seclusion	positive	de reclusión
seclusion	sadness	de reclusión
seclusion	surprise	reclusión
seclusion	trust	de reclusión
defective	anger	defectuosa
defective	anticipation	defectuoso
defective	disgust	defectuoso
defective	fear	defectuoso
defective	joy	defectuoso
defective	negative	defectuoso
defective	positive	defectuoso
defective	sadness	defectuoso
defective	surprise	defectuoso
defective	trust	defectuoso
accusative	anger	accusative
accusative	anticipation	accusative
accusative	disgust	accusative
accusative	fear	accusative
accusative	joy	accusative
accusative	negative	accusative
accusative	positive	accusative
accusative	sadness	accusative
accusative	surprise	accusative
accusative	trust	accusative
prey	anger	presa
prey	anticipation	de presa
prey	disgust	de presa
prey	fear	de presa
prey	joy	presa
prey	negative	de presa
prey	positive	de presa
prey	sadness	de presa
prey	surprise	presa
prey	trust	de presa
lodger	anger	lodger
lodger	anticipation	lodger
lodger	disgust	lodger
lodger	fear	lodger
lodger	joy	lodger
lodger	negative	lodger
lodger	positive	lodger
lodger	sadness	lodger
lodger	surprise	lodger
lodger	trust	lodger
endeavor	anger	esfuerzo
endeavor	anticipation	de esfuerzo
endeavor	disgust	de esfuerzo
endeavor	fear	de esfuerzo
endeavor	joy	esfuerzo
endeavor	negative	de esfuerzo
endeavor	positive	de esfuerzo
endeavor	sadness	de esfuerzo
endeavor	surprise	esfuerzo
endeavor	trust	de esfuerzo
matchmaker	anger	matchmaker
matchmaker	anticipation	matchmaker
matchmaker	disgust	matchmaker
matchmaker	fear	matchmaker
matchmaker	joy	matchmaker
matchmaker	negative	matchmaker
matchmaker	positive	matchmaker
matchmaker	sadness	matchmaker
matchmaker	surprise	matchmaker
matchmaker	trust	matchmaker
island	anger	isla
island	anticipation	de isla
island	disgust	de isla
island	fear	de isla
island	joy	isla
island	negative	de isla
island	positive	de isla
island	sadness	de isla
island	surprise	cruz
island	trust	de cruz
cross	anger	de isla
cross	anticipation	de isla
cross	disgust	cruz
cross	fear	de cruz
cross	joy	de cruz
cross	negative	de cruz
cross	positive	cruz
cross	sadness	de cruz
cross	surprise	de cruz
cross	trust	de cruz
charade	anger	charade
charade	anticipation	charade
charade	disgust	charade
charade	fear	charade
charade	joy	charade
charade	negative	charade
charade	positive	charade
charade	sadness	charade
charade	surprise	charade
charade	trust	charade
piped	anger	canalizó
piped	anticipation	canalizado
piped	disgust	canalizó
piped	fear	canalizado
piped	joy	canalizó
piped	negative	canalizado
piped	positive	canalizó
piped	sadness	canalizado
piped	surprise	canalizó
piped	trust	canalizado
heed	anger	heed
heed	anticipation	heed
heed	disgust	heed
heed	fear	heed
heed	joy	heed
heed	negative	heed
heed	positive	heed
heed	sadness	heed
heed	surprise	heed
heed	trust	heed
adhesive	anger	adhesivo
adhesive	anticipation	adhesivo
adhesive	disgust	adhesivo
adhesive	fear	adhesivo
adhesive	joy	adhesivo
adhesive	negative	adhesivo
adhesive	positive	adhesivo
adhesive	sadness	señuelo
adhesive	surprise	de señuelo
adhesive	trust	adhesivo
lure	anger	adhesivo
lure	anticipation	adhesivo
lure	disgust	señuelo
lure	fear	de señuelo
lure	joy	de señuelo
lure	negative	de señuelo
lure	positive	señuelo
lure	sadness	de señuelo
lure	surprise	de señuelo
lure	trust	de señuelo
prophylactic	anger	prophylactic
prophylactic	anticipation	prophylactic
prophylactic	disgust	prophylactic
prophylactic	fear	prophylactic
prophylactic	joy	prophylactic
prophylactic	negative	prophylactic
prophylactic	positive	prophylactic
prophylactic	sadness	prophylactic
prophylactic	surprise	prophylactic
prophylactic	trust	prophylactic
boo	anger	abuchea
boo	anticipation	abuchea
boo	disgust	abuchea
boo	fear	abuchea
boo	joy	abuchea
boo	negative	abuchea
boo	positive	abuchea
boo	sadness	abuchea
boo	surprise	abuchea
boo	trust	abuchea
bilingual	anger	bilingüe
bilingual	anticipation	bilingüe
bilingual	disgust	bilingüe
bilingual	fear	bilingüe
bilingual	joy	bilingüe
bilingual	negative	bilingüe
bilingual	positive	bilingüe
bilingual	sadness	entero
bilingual	surprise	de entero
bilingual	trust	bilingüe
integer	anger	bilingüe
integer	anticipation	bilingüe
integer	disgust	entero
integer	fear	de entero
integer	joy	de entero
integer	negative	de entero
integer	positive	entero
integer	sadness	de entero
integer	surprise	de entero
integer	trust	de entero
falsification	anger	falsification
falsification	anticipation	falsification
falsification	disgust	falsification
falsification	fear	falsification
falsification	joy	falsification
falsification	negative	falsification
falsification	positive	falsification
falsification	sadness	falsification
falsification	surprise	falsification
falsification	trust	falsification
carbon	anger	carbono
carbon	anticipation	de carbono
carbon	disgust	de carbono
carbon	fear	de carbono
carbon	joy	carbono
carbon	negative	de carbono
carbon	positive	de carbono
carbon	sadness	de carbono
carbon	surprise	carbono
carbon	trust	de carbono
yachting	anger	yachting
yachting	anticipation	yachting
yachting	disgust	yachting
yachting	fear	yachting
yachting	joy	yachting
yachting	negative	yachting
yachting	positive	yachting
yachting	sadness	yachting
yachting	surprise	yachting
yachting	trust	yachting
persistence	anger	persistencia
persistence	anticipation	de persistencia
persistence	disgust	de persistencia
persistence	fear	de persistencia
persistence	joy	persistencia
persistence	negative	de persistencia
persistence	positive	de persistencia
persistence	sadness	de persistencia
persistence	surprise	persistencia
persistence	trust	de persistencia
nursery	anger	nursery
nursery	anticipation	nursery
nursery	disgust	nursery
nursery	fear	nursery
nursery	joy	nursery
nursery	negative	nursery
nursery	positive	nursery
nursery	sadness	nursery
nursery	surprise	nursery
nursery	trust	nursery
hoping	anger	esperando
hoping	anticipation	esperando
hoping	disgust	esperando
hoping	fear	esperando
hoping	joy	esperando
hoping	negative	esperando
hoping	positive	esperando
hoping	sadness	esperando
hoping	surprise	esperando
hoping	trust	esperando
report	anger	informe
report	anticipation	de informe
report	disgust	de informe
report	fear	de informe
report	joy	informe
report	negative	de informe
report	positive	de informe
report	sadness	de informe
report	surprise	informe
report	trust	de informe
amortization	anger	amortization
amortization	anticipation	amortization
amortization	disgust	amortization
amortization	fear	amortization
amortization	joy	amortization
amortization	negative	amortization
amortization	positive	amortization
amortization	sadness	amortization
amortization	surprise	amortization
amortization	trust	amortization
wretch	anger	wretch
wretch	anticipation	wretch
wretch	disgust	wretch
wretch	fear	wretch
wretch	joy	wretch
wretch	negative	wretch
wretch	positive	wretch
wretch	sadness	wretch
wretch	surprise	wretch
wretch	trust	wretch
voluntarily	anger	voluntariamente
voluntarily	anticipation	voluntariamente
voluntarily	disgust	voluntariamente
voluntarily	fear	voluntariamente
voluntarily	joy	voluntariamente
voluntarily	negative	voluntariamente
voluntarily	positive	voluntariamente
voluntarily	sadness	voluntariamente
voluntarily	surprise	voluntariamente
voluntarily	trust	voluntariamente
fuzzy	anger	borroso
fuzzy	anticipation	borroso
fuzzy	disgust	borroso
fuzzy	fear	borroso
fuzzy	joy	borroso
fuzzy	negative	borroso
fuzzy	positive	borroso
fuzzy	sadness	clase
fuzzy	surprise	de clase
fuzzy	trust	borrosa
class	anger	borrosa
class	anticipation	borrosa
class	disgust	clase
class	fear	de clase
class	joy	de clase
class	negative	de clase
class	positive	clase
class	sadness	de clase
class	surprise	de clase
class	trust	de clase
varicella	anger	varicella
varicella	anticipation	varicella
varicella	disgust	varicella
varicella	fear	varicella
varicella	joy	varicella
varicella	negative	varicella
varicella	positive	varicella
varicella	sadness	varicella
varicella	surprise	varicella
varicella	trust	varicella
hemisphere	anger	hemisferio
hemisphere	anticipation	de hemisferio
hemisphere	disgust	de hemisferio
hemisphere	fear	de hemisferio
hemisphere	joy	hemisferio
hemisphere	negative	de hemisferio
hemisphere	positive	de hemisferio
hemisphere	sadness	de hemisferio
hemisphere	surprise	hemisferio
hemisphere	trust	de hemisferio
hilt	anger	hilt
hilt	anticipation	hilt
hilt	disgust	hilt
hilt	fear	hilt
hilt	joy	hilt
hilt	negative	hilt
hilt	positive	hilt
hilt	sadness	hilt
hilt	surprise	hilt
hilt	trust	hilt
brackets	anger	paréntesis
brackets	anticipation	de paréntesis
brackets	disgust	de paréntesis
brackets	fear	de paréntesis
brackets	joy	paréntesis
brackets	negative	de paréntesis
brackets	positive	de paréntesis
brackets	sadness	de paréntesis
brackets	surprise	vado
brackets	trust	de vado
driveway	anger	de paréntesis
driveway	anticipation	de paréntesis
driveway	disgust	vado
driveway	fear	de vado
driveway	joy	de vado
driveway	negative	de vado
driveway	positive	vado
driveway	sadness	de vado
driveway	surprise	de vado
driveway	trust	de vado
taming	anger	doma
taming	anticipation	de doma
taming	disgust	de doma
taming	fear	de doma
taming	joy	doma
taming	negative	de doma
taming	positive	de doma
taming	sadness	de doma
taming	surprise	doma
taming	trust	de doma
demonstrate	anger	demuestra
demonstrate	anticipation	demostrar
demonstrate	disgust	demostrar
demonstrate	fear	demostrar
demonstrate	joy	demostrar
demonstrate	negative	demostrar
demonstrate	positive	demostrar
demonstrate	sadness	demostrar
demonstrate	surprise	demostrar
demonstrate	trust	demostrar
cleanly	anger	cleanly
cleanly	anticipation	cleanly
cleanly	disgust	cleanly
cleanly	fear	cleanly
cleanly	joy	cleanly
cleanly	negative	cleanly
cleanly	positive	cleanly
cleanly	sadness	cleanly
cleanly	surprise	cleanly
cleanly	trust	cleanly
volley	anger	volley
volley	anticipation	volley
volley	disgust	volley
volley	fear	volley
volley	joy	volley
volley	negative	volley
volley	positive	volley
volley	sadness	volley
volley	surprise	volley
volley	trust	volley
spoonful	anger	spoonful
spoonful	anticipation	spoonful
spoonful	disgust	spoonful
spoonful	fear	spoonful
spoonful	joy	spoonful
spoonful	negative	spoonful
spoonful	positive	spoonful
spoonful	sadness	spoonful
spoonful	surprise	spoonful
spoonful	trust	spoonful
ritualistic	anger	ritualista
ritualistic	anticipation	ritualista
ritualistic	disgust	ritualista
ritualistic	fear	ritualista
ritualistic	joy	ritualista
ritualistic	negative	ritualista
ritualistic	positive	ritualista
ritualistic	sadness	uso
ritualistic	surprise	de uso
ritualistic	trust	ritualista
usage	anger	ritualista
usage	anticipation	ritualista
usage	disgust	uso
usage	fear	de uso
usage	joy	de uso
usage	negative	de uso
usage	positive	uso
usage	sadness	de uso
usage	surprise	de uso
usage	trust	de uso
promontory	anger	promontorio
promontory	anticipation	de promontorio
promontory	disgust	de promontorio
promontory	fear	de promontorio
promontory	joy	promontorio
promontory	negative	de promontorio
promontory	positive	de promontorio
promontory	sadness	de promontorio
promontory	surprise	piojo
promontory	trust	de piojo
louse	anger	de promontorio
louse	anticipation	de promontorio
louse	disgust	piojo
louse	fear	de piojo
louse	joy	de piojo
louse	negative	de piojo
louse	positive	piojo
louse	sadness	de piojo
louse	surprise	de piojo
louse	trust	de piojo
postponement	anger	postergación
postponement	anticipation	de postergación
postponement	disgust	de postergación
postponement	fear	de postergación
postponement	joy	postergación
postponement	negative	de postergación
postponement	positive	de postergación
postponement	sadness	de postergación
postponement	surprise	criquet
postponement	trust	de criquet
cricket	anger	de postergación
cricket	anticipation	de postergación
cricket	disgust	criquet
cricket	fear	de criquet
cricket	joy	de criquet
cricket	negative	de criquet
cricket	positive	criquet
cricket	sadness	de criquet
cricket	surprise	de criquet
cricket	trust	de criquet
venture	anger	aventura
venture	anticipation	de aventura
venture	disgust	de aventura
venture	fear	de aventura
venture	joy	aventura
venture	negative	de aventura
venture	positive	de aventura
venture	sadness	de aventura
venture	surprise	meteoro
venture	trust	de meteoro
meteor	anger	de aventura
meteor	anticipation	de aventura
meteor	disgust	meteoro
meteor	fear	de meteoro
meteor	joy	de meteoro
meteor	negative	de meteoro
meteor	positive	meteoro
meteor	sadness	de meteoro
meteor	surprise	de meteoro
meteor	trust	de meteoro que
flattering	anger	halaga
flattering	anticipation	halagando
flattering	disgust	halagando
flattering	fear	halagando
flattering	joy	halagando
flattering	negative	halagando
flattering	positive	halagando
flattering	sadness	halagando
flattering	surprise	halagando
flattering	trust	halagando
diminished	anger	disminuyó
diminished	anticipation	disminuido
diminished	disgust	disminuyó
diminished	fear	disminuido
diminished	joy	disminuyó
diminished	negative	disminuido
diminished	positive	disminuyó
diminished	sadness	disminuido
diminished	surprise	disminuyó
diminished	trust	furia
fury	anger	de furia
fury	anticipation	de furia
fury	disgust	disminuida
fury	fear	furia
fury	joy	de furia
fury	negative	de furia
fury	positive	de furia
fury	sadness	furia
fury	surprise	de furia
fury	trust	de la furia
nimble	anger	ágil
nimble	anticipation	ágil
nimble	disgust	ágil
nimble	fear	ágil
nimble	joy	ágil
nimble	negative	ágil
nimble	positive	ágil
nimble	sadness	jeringuilla
nimble	surprise	de jeringuilla
nimble	trust	ágil
syringe	anger	ágil
syringe	anticipation	ágil
syringe	disgust	jeringuilla
syringe	fear	de jeringuilla
syringe	joy	de jeringuilla
syringe	negative	de jeringuilla
syringe	positive	jeringuilla
syringe	sadness	de jeringuilla
syringe	surprise	de jeringuilla
syringe	trust	de jeringuilla
kangaroo	anger	kangaroo
kangaroo	anticipation	kangaroo
kangaroo	disgust	kangaroo
kangaroo	fear	kangaroo
kangaroo	joy	kangaroo
kangaroo	negative	kangaroo
kangaroo	positive	kangaroo
kangaroo	sadness	kangaroo
kangaroo	surprise	kangaroo
kangaroo	trust	kangaroo
etching	anger	aguafuerte
etching	anticipation	de aguafuerte
etching	disgust	de aguafuerte
etching	fear	de aguafuerte
etching	joy	aguafuerte
etching	negative	de aguafuerte
etching	positive	de aguafuerte
etching	sadness	de aguafuerte
etching	surprise	aguafuerte
etching	trust	de aguafuerte
unmarried	anger	unmarried
unmarried	anticipation	unmarried
unmarried	disgust	unmarried
unmarried	fear	unmarried
unmarried	joy	unmarried
unmarried	negative	unmarried
unmarried	positive	unmarried
unmarried	sadness	unmarried
unmarried	surprise	unmarried
unmarried	trust	unmarried
scintilla	anger	scintilla
scintilla	anticipation	scintilla
scintilla	disgust	scintilla
scintilla	fear	scintilla
scintilla	joy	scintilla
scintilla	negative	scintilla
scintilla	positive	scintilla
scintilla	sadness	scintilla
scintilla	surprise	scintilla
scintilla	trust	scintilla
knowingly	anger	deliberadamente
knowingly	anticipation	deliberadamente
knowingly	disgust	deliberadamente
knowingly	fear	deliberadamente
knowingly	joy	deliberadamente
knowingly	negative	deliberadamente
knowingly	positive	deliberadamente
knowingly	sadness	deliberadamente
knowingly	surprise	deliberadamente
knowingly	trust	deliberadamente
bridesmaid	anger	dama de honor
bridesmaid	anticipation	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	disgust	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	fear	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	joy	dama de honor
bridesmaid	negative	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	positive	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	sadness	de dama de honor
bridesmaid	surprise	dama de honor
bridesmaid	trust	de dama de honor
borer	anger	borer
borer	anticipation	borer
borer	disgust	borer
borer	fear	borer
borer	joy	borer
borer	negative	borer
borer	positive	borer
borer	sadness	borer
borer	surprise	borer
borer	trust	borer
hare	anger	liebre
hare	anticipation	de liebre
hare	disgust	de liebre
hare	fear	de liebre
hare	joy	liebre
hare	negative	de liebre
hare	positive	de liebre
hare	sadness	de liebre
hare	surprise	grasa
hare	trust	de grasa
grease	anger	de liebre
grease	anticipation	de liebre
grease	disgust	grasa
grease	fear	de grasa
grease	joy	de grasa
grease	negative	de grasa
grease	positive	grasa
grease	sadness	de grasa
grease	surprise	de grasa
grease	trust	de grasa
dismissal	anger	despido
dismissal	anticipation	de despido
dismissal	disgust	de despido
dismissal	fear	de despido
dismissal	joy	despido
dismissal	negative	de despido
dismissal	positive	de despido
dismissal	sadness	de despido
dismissal	surprise	partícula
dismissal	trust	de partícula
particle	anger	de despido
particle	anticipation	de despido
particle	disgust	partícula
particle	fear	de partícula
particle	joy	de partícula
particle	negative	de partícula
particle	positive	partícula
particle	sadness	de partícula
particle	surprise	de partícula
particle	trust	de partícula
muff	anger	muff
muff	anticipation	muff
muff	disgust	muff
muff	fear	muff
muff	joy	muff
muff	negative	muff
muff	positive	muff
muff	sadness	muff
muff	surprise	muff
muff	trust	muff
snarl	anger	snarl
snarl	anticipation	snarl
snarl	disgust	snarl
snarl	fear	snarl
snarl	joy	snarl
snarl	negative	snarl
snarl	positive	snarl
snarl	sadness	snarl
snarl	surprise	snarl
snarl	trust	snarl
bargain	anger	negocio
bargain	anticipation	de negocio
bargain	disgust	de negocio
bargain	fear	de negocio
bargain	joy	negocio
bargain	negative	de negocio
bargain	positive	de negocio
bargain	sadness	de negocio
bargain	surprise	negocio
bargain	trust	de negocio
qualified	anger	cualificado
qualified	anticipation	cualificado
qualified	disgust	cualificado
qualified	fear	cualificado
qualified	joy	cualificado
qualified	negative	cualificado
qualified	positive	cualificado
qualified	sadness	impresión
qualified	surprise	de impresión
qualified	trust	cualificada
printing	anger	cualificada
printing	anticipation	cualificada
printing	disgust	impresión
printing	fear	de impresión
printing	joy	de impresión
printing	negative	de impresión
printing	positive	impresión
printing	sadness	de impresión
printing	surprise	de impresión
printing	trust	de impresión
measurement	anger	medida
measurement	anticipation	de medida
measurement	disgust	de medida
measurement	fear	de medida
measurement	joy	medida
measurement	negative	de medida
measurement	positive	de medida
measurement	sadness	de medida
measurement	surprise	conformación
measurement	trust	de conformación
forming	anger	de medida
forming	anticipation	de medida
forming	disgust	conformación
forming	fear	de conformación
forming	joy	de conformación
forming	negative	de conformación
forming	positive	conformación
forming	sadness	de conformación
forming	surprise	de la conformación que
forming	trust	forma
dichotomous	anger	dicotómico
dichotomous	anticipation	dicotómico
dichotomous	disgust	dicotómico
dichotomous	fear	dicotómico
dichotomous	joy	dicotómico
dichotomous	negative	dicotómico
dichotomous	positive	dicotómico
dichotomous	sadness	dicotómico
dichotomous	surprise	dicotómico
dichotomous	trust	dicotómico
enactment	anger	enactment
enactment	anticipation	enactment
enactment	disgust	enactment
enactment	fear	enactment
enactment	joy	enactment
enactment	negative	enactment
enactment	positive	enactment
enactment	sadness	enactment
enactment	surprise	enactment
enactment	trust	enactment
village	anger	pueblo
village	anticipation	de pueblo
village	disgust	de pueblo
village	fear	de pueblo
village	joy	pueblo
village	negative	de pueblo
village	positive	de pueblo
village	sadness	de pueblo
village	surprise	validez
village	trust	de validez
validity	anger	de pueblo
validity	anticipation	de pueblo
validity	disgust	validez
validity	fear	de validez
validity	joy	de validez
validity	negative	de validez
validity	positive	validez
validity	sadness	de validez
validity	surprise	de validez
validity	trust	de validez
shanty	anger	shanty
shanty	anticipation	shanty
shanty	disgust	shanty
shanty	fear	shanty
shanty	joy	shanty
shanty	negative	shanty
shanty	positive	shanty
shanty	sadness	shanty
shanty	surprise	shanty
shanty	trust	shanty
samba	anger	samba
samba	anticipation	samba
samba	disgust	samba
samba	fear	samba
samba	joy	samba
samba	negative	samba
samba	positive	samba
samba	sadness	samba
samba	surprise	samba
samba	trust	samba
metrical	anger	metrical
metrical	anticipation	metrical
metrical	disgust	metrical
metrical	fear	metrical
metrical	joy	metrical
metrical	negative	metrical
metrical	positive	metrical
metrical	sadness	metrical
metrical	surprise	metrical
metrical	trust	metrical
vat	anger	vat
vat	anticipation	vat
vat	disgust	vat
vat	fear	vat
vat	joy	vat
vat	negative	vat
vat	positive	vat
vat	sadness	vat
vat	surprise	vat
vat	trust	vat
weights	anger	pesos
weights	anticipation	de pesos
weights	disgust	de pesos
weights	fear	de pesos
weights	joy	pesos
weights	negative	de pesos
weights	positive	de pesos
weights	sadness	de pesos
weights	surprise	pesos
weights	trust	de pesos
relevant	anger	pertinentes
relevant	anticipation	pertinentes
relevant	disgust	pertinentes
relevant	fear	pertinentes
relevant	joy	pertinentes
relevant	negative	pertinentes
relevant	positive	pertinentes
relevant	sadness	pertinentes
relevant	surprise	pertinentes
relevant	trust	pertinentes
areola	anger	areola
areola	anticipation	areola
areola	disgust	areola
areola	fear	areola
areola	joy	areola
areola	negative	areola
areola	positive	areola
areola	sadness	areola
areola	surprise	areola
areola	trust	areola
treaty	anger	tratado
treaty	anticipation	de tratado
treaty	disgust	de tratado
treaty	fear	de tratado
treaty	joy	tratado
treaty	negative	de tratado
treaty	positive	de tratado
treaty	sadness	de tratado
treaty	surprise	tratado
treaty	trust	de tratado
intimation	anger	intimation
intimation	anticipation	intimation
intimation	disgust	intimation
intimation	fear	intimation
intimation	joy	intimation
intimation	negative	intimation
intimation	positive	intimation
intimation	sadness	intimation
intimation	surprise	intimation
intimation	trust	intimation
smoothly	anger	smoothly
smoothly	anticipation	smoothly
smoothly	disgust	smoothly
smoothly	fear	smoothly
smoothly	joy	smoothly
smoothly	negative	smoothly
smoothly	positive	smoothly
smoothly	sadness	smoothly
smoothly	surprise	smoothly
smoothly	trust	smoothly
phase	anger	fase
phase	anticipation	de fase
phase	disgust	de fase
phase	fear	de fase
phase	joy	fase
phase	negative	de fase
phase	positive	de fase
phase	sadness	de fase
phase	surprise	fase
phase	trust	de fase
ugly	anger	fea
ugly	anticipation	feo
ugly	disgust	feo
ugly	fear	feo
ugly	joy	feo
ugly	negative	feo
ugly	positive	feo
ugly	sadness	feo
ugly	surprise	feo
ugly	trust	feo
imperfectly	anger	imperfectly
imperfectly	anticipation	imperfectly
imperfectly	disgust	imperfectly
imperfectly	fear	imperfectly
imperfectly	joy	imperfectly
imperfectly	negative	imperfectly
imperfectly	positive	imperfectly
imperfectly	sadness	imperfectly
imperfectly	surprise	imperfectly
imperfectly	trust	imperfectly
silently	anger	silenciosamente
silently	anticipation	silenciosamente
silently	disgust	silenciosamente
silently	fear	silenciosamente
silently	joy	silenciosamente
silently	negative	silenciosamente
silently	positive	silenciosamente
silently	sadness	silenciosamente
silently	surprise	silenciosamente
silently	trust	silenciosamente
platform	anger	plataforma
platform	anticipation	de plataforma
platform	disgust	de plataforma
platform	fear	de plataforma
platform	joy	plataforma
platform	negative	de plataforma
platform	positive	de plataforma
platform	sadness	de plataforma
platform	surprise	procedimiento
platform	trust	de procedimiento
procedure	anger	de plataforma
procedure	anticipation	de plataforma
procedure	disgust	procedimiento
procedure	fear	de procedimiento
procedure	joy	de procedimiento
procedure	negative	de procedimiento
procedure	positive	procedimiento
procedure	sadness	de procedimiento
procedure	surprise	de procedimiento
procedure	trust	de procedimiento
servant	anger	criado
servant	anticipation	de criado
servant	disgust	de criado
servant	fear	de criado
servant	joy	criado
servant	negative	de criado
servant	positive	de criado
servant	sadness	de criado
servant	surprise	criado
servant	trust	de criado
disclaim	anger	disclaim
disclaim	anticipation	disclaim
disclaim	disgust	disclaim
disclaim	fear	disclaim
disclaim	joy	disclaim
disclaim	negative	disclaim
disclaim	positive	disclaim
disclaim	sadness	disclaim
disclaim	surprise	disclaim
disclaim	trust	disclaim
anticipation	anger	anticipación
anticipation	anticipation	de anticipación
anticipation	disgust	de anticipación
anticipation	fear	de anticipación
anticipation	joy	anticipación
anticipation	negative	de anticipación
anticipation	positive	de anticipación
anticipation	sadness	de anticipación
anticipation	surprise	parte
anticipation	trust	de parte
part	anger	de anticipación
part	anticipation	de anticipación
part	disgust	parte
part	fear	de parte
part	joy	de parte
part	negative	de parte
part	positive	parte
part	sadness	de parte
part	surprise	de parte
part	trust	de parte
examiner	anger	examinador
examiner	anticipation	de examinador
examiner	disgust	de examinador
examiner	fear	de examinador
examiner	joy	examinador
examiner	negative	de examinador
examiner	positive	de examinador
examiner	sadness	de examinador
examiner	surprise	rescate
examiner	trust	de rescate
rescue	anger	de examinador
rescue	anticipation	de examinador
rescue	disgust	rescate
rescue	fear	de rescate
rescue	joy	de rescate
rescue	negative	de rescate
rescue	positive	rescate
rescue	sadness	de rescate
rescue	surprise	de rescate
rescue	trust	de rescate
confident	anger	seguro
confident	anticipation	seguro
confident	disgust	seguro
confident	fear	seguro
confident	joy	seguro
confident	negative	seguro
confident	positive	seguro
confident	sadness	seguro
confident	surprise	seguro
confident	trust	seguro
settle	anger	resolver
settle	anticipation	resolver
settle	disgust	resolver
settle	fear	resolver
settle	joy	resolver
settle	negative	resolver
settle	positive	resolver
settle	sadness	resolver
settle	surprise	resolver
settle	trust	resolver
swag	anger	swag
swag	anticipation	swag
swag	disgust	swag
swag	fear	swag
swag	joy	swag
swag	negative	swag
swag	positive	swag
swag	sadness	swag
swag	surprise	swag
swag	trust	swag
introductory	anger	introductorio
introductory	anticipation	introductorio
introductory	disgust	introductorio
introductory	fear	introductorio
introductory	joy	introductorio
introductory	negative	introductorio
introductory	positive	introductorio
introductory	sadness	introductorio
introductory	surprise	introductorio
introductory	trust	introductorio
lifeless	anger	inerte
lifeless	anticipation	inerte
lifeless	disgust	inerte
lifeless	fear	inerte
lifeless	joy	inerte
lifeless	negative	inerte
lifeless	positive	inerte
lifeless	sadness	izquierda
lifeless	surprise	inerte
lifeless	trust	inerte
left	anger	inerte
left	anticipation	dejó
left	disgust	dejado
left	fear	a la izquierda
left	joy	dejó
left	negative	dejado
left	positive	a la izquierda
left	sadness	dejó
left	surprise	experimento
left	trust	de experimento
experiment	anger	izquierdo
experiment	anticipation	dejado
experiment	disgust	experimento
experiment	fear	de experimento
experiment	joy	de experimento
experiment	negative	de experimento
experiment	positive	experimento
experiment	sadness	de experimento
experiment	surprise	de experimento
experiment	trust	de experimento
obscene	anger	obsceno
obscene	anticipation	obsceno
obscene	disgust	obsceno
obscene	fear	obsceno
obscene	joy	obsceno
obscene	negative	obsceno
obscene	positive	obsceno
obscene	sadness	hecho
obscene	surprise	de hecho
obscene	trust	obsceno
fact	anger	obsceno
fact	anticipation	obsceno
fact	disgust	hecho
fact	fear	de hecho
fact	joy	de hecho
fact	negative	de hecho
fact	positive	hecho
fact	sadness	de hecho
fact	surprise	de hecho
fact	trust	de hecho
bran	anger	bran
bran	anticipation	bran
bran	disgust	bran
bran	fear	bran
bran	joy	bran
bran	negative	bran
bran	positive	bran
bran	sadness	bran
bran	surprise	bran
bran	trust	bran
shotgun	anger	escopeta
shotgun	anticipation	de escopeta
shotgun	disgust	de escopeta
shotgun	fear	de escopeta
shotgun	joy	escopeta
shotgun	negative	de escopeta
shotgun	positive	de escopeta
shotgun	sadness	de escopeta
shotgun	surprise	hidrógeno
shotgun	trust	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	anger	de escopeta
hydrogen	anticipation	de escopeta
hydrogen	disgust	hidrógeno
hydrogen	fear	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	joy	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	negative	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	positive	hidrógeno
hydrogen	sadness	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	surprise	de hidrógeno
hydrogen	trust	de hidrógeno
unmarked	anger	unmarked
unmarked	anticipation	unmarked
unmarked	disgust	unmarked
unmarked	fear	unmarked
unmarked	joy	unmarked
unmarked	negative	unmarked
unmarked	positive	unmarked
unmarked	sadness	unmarked
unmarked	surprise	unmarked
unmarked	trust	unmarked
prestige	anger	prestigio
prestige	anticipation	de prestigio
prestige	disgust	de prestigio
prestige	fear	de prestigio
prestige	joy	prestigio
prestige	negative	de prestigio
prestige	positive	de prestigio
prestige	sadness	de prestigio
prestige	surprise	prestigio
prestige	trust	de prestigio
constitute	anger	constituye
constitute	anticipation	constituir
constitute	disgust	constituir
constitute	fear	constituir
constitute	joy	constituir
constitute	negative	constituir
constitute	positive	constituir
constitute	sadness	constituir
constitute	surprise	constituir
constitute	trust	constituir
inconclusive	anger	inconclusive
inconclusive	anticipation	inconclusive
inconclusive	disgust	inconclusive
inconclusive	fear	inconclusive
inconclusive	joy	inconclusive
inconclusive	negative	inconclusive
inconclusive	positive	inconclusive
inconclusive	sadness	inconclusive
inconclusive	surprise	inconclusive
inconclusive	trust	inconclusive
misbehavior	anger	misbehavior
misbehavior	anticipation	misbehavior
misbehavior	disgust	misbehavior
misbehavior	fear	misbehavior
misbehavior	joy	misbehavior
misbehavior	negative	misbehavior
misbehavior	positive	misbehavior
misbehavior	sadness	misbehavior
misbehavior	surprise	misbehavior
misbehavior	trust	misbehavior
delegate	anger	delegado
delegate	anticipation	de delegado
delegate	disgust	de delegado
delegate	fear	de delegado
delegate	joy	delegado
delegate	negative	de delegado
delegate	positive	de delegado
delegate	sadness	de delegado
delegate	surprise	delegado
delegate	trust	de delegado
courthouse	anger	courthouse
courthouse	anticipation	courthouse
courthouse	disgust	courthouse
courthouse	fear	courthouse
courthouse	joy	courthouse
courthouse	negative	courthouse
courthouse	positive	courthouse
courthouse	sadness	courthouse
courthouse	surprise	courthouse
courthouse	trust	courthouse
subscription	anger	suscripción
subscription	anticipation	de suscripción
subscription	disgust	de suscripción
subscription	fear	de suscripción
subscription	joy	suscripción
subscription	negative	de suscripción
subscription	positive	de suscripción
subscription	sadness	de suscripción
subscription	surprise	fármaco
subscription	trust	de fármaco
drug	anger	de suscripción
drug	anticipation	de suscripción
drug	disgust	fármaco
drug	fear	de fármaco
drug	joy	de fármaco
drug	negative	de fármaco
drug	positive	fármaco
drug	sadness	de fármaco
drug	surprise	de fármaco
drug	trust	de fármaco
visual	anger	visual
visual	anticipation	visual
visual	disgust	visual
visual	fear	visual
visual	joy	visual
visual	negative	visual
visual	positive	visual
visual	sadness	oasis
visual	surprise	de oasis
visual	trust	visual
oasis	anger	visual
oasis	anticipation	visual
oasis	disgust	oasis
oasis	fear	de oasis
oasis	joy	de oasis
oasis	negative	de oasis
oasis	positive	oasis
oasis	sadness	de oasis
oasis	surprise	de oasis
oasis	trust	de oasis que
grasping	anger	coge
grasping	anticipation	cogiendo
grasping	disgust	cogiendo
grasping	fear	cogiendo
grasping	joy	cogiendo
grasping	negative	cogiendo
grasping	positive	cogiendo
grasping	sadness	cogiendo
grasping	surprise	cogiendo
grasping	trust	cogiendo
stayed	anger	se quedó
stayed	anticipation	quedado
stayed	disgust	se quedó
stayed	fear	quedado
stayed	joy	se quedó
stayed	negative	quedado
stayed	positive	se quedó
stayed	sadness	quedado
stayed	surprise	se quedó
stayed	trust	quedado
soluble	anger	soluble
soluble	anticipation	soluble
soluble	disgust	soluble
soluble	fear	soluble
soluble	joy	soluble
soluble	negative	soluble
soluble	positive	soluble
soluble	sadness	mamá
soluble	surprise	de mamá
soluble	trust	soluble
mamma	anger	soluble
mamma	anticipation	soluble
mamma	disgust	mamá
mamma	fear	de mamá
mamma	joy	de mamá
mamma	negative	de mamá
mamma	positive	mamá
mamma	sadness	de mamá
mamma	surprise	de mamá
mamma	trust	de mamá
antelope	anger	antílope
antelope	anticipation	de antílope
antelope	disgust	de antílope
antelope	fear	de antílope
antelope	joy	antílope
antelope	negative	de antílope
antelope	positive	de antílope
antelope	sadness	de antílope
antelope	surprise	antílope
antelope	trust	de antílope
kilt	anger	kilt
kilt	anticipation	kilt
kilt	disgust	kilt
kilt	fear	kilt
kilt	joy	kilt
kilt	negative	kilt
kilt	positive	kilt
kilt	sadness	kilt
kilt	surprise	kilt
kilt	trust	kilt
gentleness	anger	gentleness
gentleness	anticipation	gentleness
gentleness	disgust	gentleness
gentleness	fear	gentleness
gentleness	joy	gentleness
gentleness	negative	gentleness
gentleness	positive	gentleness
gentleness	sadness	gentleness
gentleness	surprise	gentleness
gentleness	trust	gentleness
corrosion	anger	corrosión
corrosion	anticipation	de corrosión
corrosion	disgust	de corrosión
corrosion	fear	de corrosión
corrosion	joy	corrosión
corrosion	negative	de corrosión
corrosion	positive	de corrosión
corrosion	sadness	de corrosión
corrosion	surprise	tirante
corrosion	trust	de tirante
brace	anger	de corrosión
brace	anticipation	de corrosión
brace	disgust	tirante
brace	fear	de tirante
brace	joy	de tirante
brace	negative	de tirante
brace	positive	tirante
brace	sadness	de tirante
brace	surprise	de tirante
brace	trust	de tirante
slavery	anger	esclavitud
slavery	anticipation	de esclavitud
slavery	disgust	de esclavitud
slavery	fear	de esclavitud
slavery	joy	esclavitud
slavery	negative	de esclavitud
slavery	positive	de esclavitud
slavery	sadness	de esclavitud
slavery	surprise	empresario
slavery	trust	de empresario
employer	anger	de esclavitud
employer	anticipation	de esclavitud
employer	disgust	empresario
employer	fear	de empresario
employer	joy	de empresario
employer	negative	de empresario
employer	positive	empresario
employer	sadness	de empresario
employer	surprise	de empresario
employer	trust	de empresario
disaster	anger	desastre
disaster	anticipation	de desastre
disaster	disgust	de desastre
disaster	fear	de desastre
disaster	joy	desastre
disaster	negative	de desastre
disaster	positive	de desastre
disaster	sadness	de desastre
disaster	surprise	desastre
disaster	trust	de desastre
ill	anger	enfermo
ill	anticipation	enfermo
ill	disgust	enfermo
ill	fear	enfermo
ill	joy	enfermo
ill	negative	enfermo
ill	positive	enfermo
ill	sadness	brocal
ill	surprise	de brocal
ill	trust	enfermo
rim	anger	enfermo
rim	anticipation	enfermo
rim	disgust	brocal
rim	fear	de brocal
rim	joy	de brocal
rim	negative	de brocal
rim	positive	brocal
rim	sadness	de brocal
rim	surprise	de brocal
rim	trust	de brocal
lea	anger	lea
lea	anticipation	lea
lea	disgust	lea
lea	fear	lea
lea	joy	lea
lea	negative	lea
lea	positive	lea
lea	sadness	lea
lea	surprise	lea
lea	trust	lea
soggy	anger	soggy
soggy	anticipation	soggy
soggy	disgust	soggy
soggy	fear	soggy
soggy	joy	soggy
soggy	negative	soggy
soggy	positive	soggy
soggy	sadness	soggy
soggy	surprise	soggy
soggy	trust	soggy
noisy	anger	ruidoso
noisy	anticipation	ruidoso
noisy	disgust	ruidoso
noisy	fear	ruidoso
noisy	joy	ruidoso
noisy	negative	ruidoso
noisy	positive	ruidoso
noisy	sadness	ruidoso
noisy	surprise	ruidoso
noisy	trust	ruidoso
involuntary	anger	involuntario
involuntary	anticipation	involuntario
involuntary	disgust	involuntario
involuntary	fear	involuntario
involuntary	joy	involuntario
involuntary	negative	involuntario
involuntary	positive	involuntario
involuntary	sadness	cesta
involuntary	surprise	de cesta
involuntary	trust	involuntaria
basket	anger	involuntaria
basket	anticipation	involuntaria
basket	disgust	cesta
basket	fear	de cesta
basket	joy	de cesta
basket	negative	de cesta
basket	positive	cesta
basket	sadness	de cesta
basket	surprise	de cesta
basket	trust	de cesta
transcendent	anger	transcendent
transcendent	anticipation	transcendent
transcendent	disgust	transcendent
transcendent	fear	transcendent
transcendent	joy	transcendent
transcendent	negative	transcendent
transcendent	positive	transcendent
transcendent	sadness	transcendent
transcendent	surprise	transcendent
transcendent	trust	transcendent
sweep	anger	porra
sweep	anticipation	de porra
sweep	disgust	de porra
sweep	fear	de porra
sweep	joy	porra
sweep	negative	de porra
sweep	positive	de porra
sweep	sadness	de porra
sweep	surprise	porra
sweep	trust	de porra
sheaf	anger	sheaf
sheaf	anticipation	sheaf
sheaf	disgust	sheaf
sheaf	fear	sheaf
sheaf	joy	sheaf
sheaf	negative	sheaf
sheaf	positive	sheaf
sheaf	sadness	sheaf
sheaf	surprise	sheaf
sheaf	trust	sheaf
accretion	anger	acreción
accretion	anticipation	de acreción
accretion	disgust	de acreción
accretion	fear	de acreción
accretion	joy	acreción
accretion	negative	de acreción
accretion	positive	de acreción
accretion	sadness	de acreción
accretion	surprise	acreción
accretion	trust	de acreción
swollen	anger	swollen
swollen	anticipation	swollen
swollen	disgust	swollen
swollen	fear	swollen
swollen	joy	swollen
swollen	negative	swollen
swollen	positive	swollen
swollen	sadness	swollen
swollen	surprise	swollen
swollen	trust	swollen
partiality	anger	partiality
partiality	anticipation	partiality
partiality	disgust	partiality
partiality	fear	partiality
partiality	joy	partiality
partiality	negative	partiality
partiality	positive	partiality
partiality	sadness	partiality
partiality	surprise	partiality
partiality	trust	partiality
unrepentant	anger	unrepentant
unrepentant	anticipation	unrepentant
unrepentant	disgust	unrepentant
unrepentant	fear	unrepentant
unrepentant	joy	unrepentant
unrepentant	negative	unrepentant
unrepentant	positive	unrepentant
unrepentant	sadness	unrepentant
unrepentant	surprise	unrepentant
unrepentant	trust	unrepentant
dribble	anger	baba
dribble	anticipation	de baba
dribble	disgust	de baba
dribble	fear	de baba
dribble	joy	baba
dribble	negative	de baba
dribble	positive	de baba
dribble	sadness	de baba
dribble	surprise	conjunto
dribble	trust	de conjunto
aggregate	anger	de baba
aggregate	anticipation	de baba
aggregate	disgust	conjunto
aggregate	fear	de conjunto
aggregate	joy	de conjunto
aggregate	negative	de conjunto
aggregate	positive	conjunto
aggregate	sadness	de conjunto
aggregate	surprise	de conjunto
aggregate	trust	de conjunto
structural	anger	estructural
structural	anticipation	estructural
structural	disgust	estructural
structural	fear	estructural
structural	joy	estructural
structural	negative	estructural
structural	positive	estructural
structural	sadness	estructural
structural	surprise	estructural
structural	trust	estructural
infinitesimal	anger	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	anticipation	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	disgust	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	fear	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	joy	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	negative	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	positive	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	sadness	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	surprise	infinitesimal
infinitesimal	trust	infinitesimal
prerequisite	anger	prerequisite
prerequisite	anticipation	prerequisite
prerequisite	disgust	prerequisite
prerequisite	fear	prerequisite
prerequisite	joy	prerequisite
prerequisite	negative	prerequisite
prerequisite	positive	prerequisite
prerequisite	sadness	prerequisite
prerequisite	surprise	prerequisite
prerequisite	trust	prerequisite
annoyance	anger	molestia
annoyance	anticipation	de molestia
annoyance	disgust	de molestia
annoyance	fear	de molestia
annoyance	joy	molestia
annoyance	negative	de molestia
annoyance	positive	de molestia
annoyance	sadness	de molestia
annoyance	surprise	molestia
annoyance	trust	de molestia que
disappointing	anger	decepciona
disappointing	anticipation	decepcionante
disappointing	disgust	decepcionante
disappointing	fear	decepcionante
disappointing	joy	decepcionante
disappointing	negative	decepcionante
disappointing	positive	decepcionante
disappointing	sadness	decepcionante
disappointing	surprise	decepcionante
disappointing	trust	decepcionante
weighing	anger	pesando
weighing	anticipation	pesando
weighing	disgust	pesando
weighing	fear	pesando
weighing	joy	pesando
weighing	negative	pesando
weighing	positive	pesando
weighing	sadness	pesando
weighing	surprise	pesando
weighing	trust	pesando
sway	anger	balancea
sway	anticipation	balancear
sway	disgust	balancear
sway	fear	balancear
sway	joy	balancear
sway	negative	balancear
sway	positive	balancear
sway	sadness	balancear
sway	surprise	balancear
sway	trust	balancear
prefix	anger	prefijo
prefix	anticipation	de prefijo
prefix	disgust	de prefijo
prefix	fear	de prefijo
prefix	joy	prefijo
prefix	negative	de prefijo
prefix	positive	de prefijo
prefix	sadness	de prefijo
prefix	surprise	prefijo
prefix	trust	de prefijo
turbidity	anger	turbidity
turbidity	anticipation	turbidity
turbidity	disgust	turbidity
turbidity	fear	turbidity
turbidity	joy	turbidity
turbidity	negative	turbidity
turbidity	positive	turbidity
turbidity	sadness	turbidity
turbidity	surprise	turbidity
turbidity	trust	turbidity
remainder	anger	resto
remainder	anticipation	de resto
remainder	disgust	de resto
remainder	fear	de resto
remainder	joy	resto
remainder	negative	de resto
remainder	positive	de resto
remainder	sadness	de resto
remainder	surprise	resto
remainder	trust	de resto
unnoticed	anger	inadvertido
unnoticed	anticipation	inadvertido
unnoticed	disgust	inadvertido
unnoticed	fear	inadvertido
unnoticed	joy	inadvertido
unnoticed	negative	inadvertido
unnoticed	positive	inadvertido
unnoticed	sadness	parque
unnoticed	surprise	de parque
unnoticed	trust	inadvertido
park	anger	inadvertido
park	anticipation	inadvertido
park	disgust	parque
park	fear	de parque
park	joy	de parque
park	negative	de parque
park	positive	parque
park	sadness	de parque
park	surprise	de parque
park	trust	de parque
carat	anger	quilate
carat	anticipation	de quilate
carat	disgust	de quilate
carat	fear	de quilate
carat	joy	quilate
carat	negative	de quilate
carat	positive	de quilate
carat	sadness	de quilate
carat	surprise	quilate
carat	trust	de quilate
captive	anger	cautivo
captive	anticipation	cautivo
captive	disgust	cautivo
captive	fear	cautivo
captive	joy	cautivo
captive	negative	cautivo
captive	positive	cautivo
captive	sadness	inmunidad
captive	surprise	de inmunidad
captive	trust	cautiva
immunity	anger	cautiva
immunity	anticipation	cautiva
immunity	disgust	inmunidad
immunity	fear	de inmunidad
immunity	joy	de inmunidad
immunity	negative	de inmunidad
immunity	positive	inmunidad
immunity	sadness	de inmunidad
immunity	surprise	de inmunidad
immunity	trust	de inmunidad que
firing	anger	despide
firing	anticipation	despidiendo
firing	disgust	despidiendo
firing	fear	despidiendo
firing	joy	despidiendo
firing	negative	despidiendo
firing	positive	despidiendo
firing	sadness	despidiendo
firing	surprise	despidiendo
firing	trust	despidiendo
observance	anger	observancia
observance	anticipation	de observancia
observance	disgust	de observancia
observance	fear	de observancia
observance	joy	observancia
observance	negative	de observancia
observance	positive	de observancia
observance	sadness	de observancia
observance	surprise	observancia
observance	trust	de observancia
drag	anger	arrastra
drag	anticipation	arrastrar
drag	disgust	arrastrar
drag	fear	arrastrar
drag	joy	arrastrar
drag	negative	arrastrar
drag	positive	arrastrar
drag	sadness	arrastrar
drag	surprise	arrastrar
drag	trust	arrastrar
dialectic	anger	dialéctico
dialectic	anticipation	dialéctico
dialectic	disgust	dialéctico
dialectic	fear	dialéctico
dialectic	joy	dialéctico
dialectic	negative	dialéctico
dialectic	positive	dialéctico
dialectic	sadness	dialéctico
dialectic	surprise	dialéctico
dialectic	trust	dialéctico
undisputed	anger	undisputed
undisputed	anticipation	undisputed
undisputed	disgust	undisputed
undisputed	fear	undisputed
undisputed	joy	undisputed
undisputed	negative	undisputed
undisputed	positive	undisputed
undisputed	sadness	undisputed
undisputed	surprise	undisputed
undisputed	trust	undisputed
lookout	anger	vigía
lookout	anticipation	de vigía
lookout	disgust	de vigía
lookout	fear	de vigía
lookout	joy	vigía
lookout	negative	de vigía
lookout	positive	de vigía
lookout	sadness	de vigía
lookout	surprise	vigía
lookout	trust	de vigía
pate	anger	pate
pate	anticipation	pate
pate	disgust	pate
pate	fear	pate
pate	joy	pate
pate	negative	pate
pate	positive	pate
pate	sadness	pate
pate	surprise	pate
pate	trust	pate
disagree	anger	discrepar
disagree	anticipation	discrepar
disagree	disgust	discrepar
disagree	fear	discrepar
disagree	joy	discrepar
disagree	negative	discrepar
disagree	positive	discrepar
disagree	sadness	discrepar
disagree	surprise	discrepar
disagree	trust	discrepar
armed	anger	armado
armed	anticipation	armado
armed	disgust	armado
armed	fear	armado
armed	joy	armado
armed	negative	armado
armed	positive	armado
armed	sadness	explosión
armed	surprise	de explosión
armed	trust	armada
explosion	anger	armada
explosion	anticipation	armada
explosion	disgust	explosión
explosion	fear	de explosión
explosion	joy	de explosión
explosion	negative	de explosión
explosion	positive	explosión
explosion	sadness	de explosión
explosion	surprise	de explosión
explosion	trust	de explosión
rearrange	anger	rearrange
rearrange	anticipation	rearrange
rearrange	disgust	rearrange
rearrange	fear	rearrange
rearrange	joy	rearrange
rearrange	negative	rearrange
rearrange	positive	rearrange
rearrange	sadness	rearrange
rearrange	surprise	rearrange
rearrange	trust	rearrange
crackle	anger	crackle
crackle	anticipation	crackle
crackle	disgust	crackle
crackle	fear	crackle
crackle	joy	crackle
crackle	negative	crackle
crackle	positive	crackle
crackle	sadness	crackle
crackle	surprise	crackle
crackle	trust	crackle
lessen	anger	menoscabar
lessen	anticipation	menoscabar
lessen	disgust	menoscabar
lessen	fear	menoscabar
lessen	joy	menoscabar
lessen	negative	menoscabar
lessen	positive	menoscabar
lessen	sadness	menoscabar
lessen	surprise	menoscabar
lessen	trust	menoscabar
tableau	anger	tableau
tableau	anticipation	tableau
tableau	disgust	tableau
tableau	fear	tableau
tableau	joy	tableau
tableau	negative	tableau
tableau	positive	tableau
tableau	sadness	tableau
tableau	surprise	tableau
tableau	trust	tableau
eighty	anger	ochenta
eighty	anticipation	ochenta
eighty	disgust	ochenta
eighty	fear	ochenta
eighty	joy	ochenta
eighty	negative	ochenta
eighty	positive	ochenta
eighty	sadness	ochenta
eighty	surprise	ochenta
eighty	trust	ochenta
defection	anger	deserción
defection	anticipation	deserción
defection	disgust	de deserción
defection	fear	de deserción
defection	joy	de deserción
defection	negative	deserción
defection	positive	de deserción
defection	sadness	de deserción
defection	surprise	de deserción
defection	trust	calendario
calendar	anger	de calendario
calendar	anticipation	de calendario
calendar	disgust	de deserción
calendar	fear	calendario
calendar	joy	de calendario
calendar	negative	de calendario
calendar	positive	de calendario
calendar	sadness	calendario
calendar	surprise	de calendario
calendar	trust	del calendario
liquefied	anger	licuó
liquefied	anticipation	licuado
liquefied	disgust	licuó
liquefied	fear	licuado
liquefied	joy	licuó
liquefied	negative	licuado
liquefied	positive	licuó
liquefied	sadness	licuado
liquefied	surprise	licuó
liquefied	trust	licuado
penchant	anger	penchant
penchant	anticipation	penchant
penchant	disgust	penchant
penchant	fear	penchant
penchant	joy	penchant
penchant	negative	penchant
penchant	positive	penchant
penchant	sadness	penchant
penchant	surprise	penchant
penchant	trust	penchant
slimy	anger	slimy
slimy	anticipation	slimy
slimy	disgust	slimy
slimy	fear	slimy
slimy	joy	slimy
slimy	negative	slimy
slimy	positive	slimy
slimy	sadness	slimy
slimy	surprise	slimy
slimy	trust	slimy
solvency	anger	solvency
solvency	anticipation	solvency
solvency	disgust	solvency
solvency	fear	solvency
solvency	joy	solvency
solvency	negative	solvency
solvency	positive	solvency
solvency	sadness	solvency
solvency	surprise	solvency
solvency	trust	solvency
grist	anger	grist
grist	anticipation	grist
grist	disgust	grist
grist	fear	grist
grist	joy	grist
grist	negative	grist
grist	positive	grist
grist	sadness	grist
grist	surprise	grist
grist	trust	grist
fruitless	anger	infructuoso
fruitless	anticipation	infructuoso
fruitless	disgust	infructuoso
fruitless	fear	infructuoso
fruitless	joy	infructuoso
fruitless	negative	infructuoso
fruitless	positive	infructuoso
fruitless	sadness	infructuoso
fruitless	surprise	infructuoso
fruitless	trust	infructuoso
famously	anger	famously
famously	anticipation	famously
famously	disgust	famously
famously	fear	famously
famously	joy	famously
famously	negative	famously
famously	positive	famously
famously	sadness	famously
famously	surprise	famously
famously	trust	famously
meet	anger	conocer
meet	anticipation	conocer
meet	disgust	conocer
meet	fear	conocer
meet	joy	conocer
meet	negative	conocer
meet	positive	conocer
meet	sadness	conocer
meet	surprise	conocer
meet	trust	conocer
pasture	anger	pasto
pasture	anticipation	de pasto
pasture	disgust	de pasto
pasture	fear	de pasto
pasture	joy	pasto
pasture	negative	de pasto
pasture	positive	de pasto
pasture	sadness	de pasto
pasture	surprise	pasto
pasture	trust	de pasto
good	anger	bueno
good	anticipation	bueno
good	disgust	bueno
good	fear	bueno
good	joy	bueno
good	negative	bueno
good	positive	bien
good	sadness	bueno
good	surprise	bueno
good	trust	bueno
numbness	anger	numbness
numbness	anticipation	numbness
numbness	disgust	numbness
numbness	fear	numbness
numbness	joy	numbness
numbness	negative	numbness
numbness	positive	numbness
numbness	sadness	numbness
numbness	surprise	numbness
numbness	trust	numbness
uninhabited	anger	deshabitado
uninhabited	anticipation	deshabitado
uninhabited	disgust	deshabitado
uninhabited	fear	deshabitado
uninhabited	joy	deshabitado
uninhabited	negative	deshabitado
uninhabited	positive	deshabitado
uninhabited	sadness	deshabitado
uninhabited	surprise	deshabitado
uninhabited	trust	deshabitado
dominion	anger	dominion
dominion	anticipation	dominion
dominion	disgust	dominion
dominion	fear	dominion
dominion	joy	dominion
dominion	negative	dominion
dominion	positive	dominion
dominion	sadness	dominion
dominion	surprise	dominion
dominion	trust	dominion
dependent	anger	dependiente
dependent	anticipation	dependiente
dependent	disgust	dependiente
dependent	fear	dependiente
dependent	joy	dependiente
dependent	negative	dependiente
dependent	positive	dependiente
dependent	sadness	dependiente
dependent	surprise	dependiente
dependent	trust	dependiente
suppress	anger	suprimir
suppress	anticipation	suprimir
suppress	disgust	suprimir
suppress	fear	suprimir
suppress	joy	suprimir
suppress	negative	suprimir
suppress	positive	suprimir
suppress	sadness	suprimir
suppress	surprise	suprimir
suppress	trust	suprimir
provision	anger	provisión
provision	anticipation	de provisión
provision	disgust	de provisión
provision	fear	de provisión
provision	joy	provisión
provision	negative	de provisión
provision	positive	de provisión
provision	sadness	de provisión
provision	surprise	provisión
provision	trust	de provisión
scalpel	anger	scalpel
scalpel	anticipation	scalpel
scalpel	disgust	scalpel
scalpel	fear	scalpel
scalpel	joy	scalpel
scalpel	negative	scalpel
scalpel	positive	scalpel
scalpel	sadness	scalpel
scalpel	surprise	scalpel
scalpel	trust	scalpel
alloy	anger	aleación
alloy	anticipation	de aleación
alloy	disgust	de aleación
alloy	fear	de aleación
alloy	joy	aleación
alloy	negative	de aleación
alloy	positive	de aleación
alloy	sadness	de aleación
alloy	surprise	preocupación
alloy	trust	de preocupación
concern	anger	de aleación
concern	anticipation	de aleación
concern	disgust	preocupación
concern	fear	de preocupación
concern	joy	de preocupación
concern	negative	de preocupación
concern	positive	preocupación
concern	sadness	de preocupación
concern	surprise	de preocupación
concern	trust	de preocupación
faulty	anger	faulty
faulty	anticipation	faulty
faulty	disgust	faulty
faulty	fear	faulty
faulty	joy	faulty
faulty	negative	faulty
faulty	positive	faulty
faulty	sadness	faulty
faulty	surprise	faulty
faulty	trust	faulty
thickness	anger	grosor
thickness	anticipation	de grosor
thickness	disgust	de grosor
thickness	fear	de grosor
thickness	joy	grosor
thickness	negative	de grosor
thickness	positive	de grosor
thickness	sadness	de grosor
thickness	surprise	labrador
thickness	trust	de labrador
farmer	anger	de grosor
farmer	anticipation	de grosor
farmer	disgust	labrador
farmer	fear	de labrador
farmer	joy	de labrador
farmer	negative	de labrador
farmer	positive	labrador
farmer	sadness	de labrador
farmer	surprise	de labrador
farmer	trust	de labrador
suspend	anger	suspende
suspend	anticipation	suspender
suspend	disgust	suspender
suspend	fear	suspender
suspend	joy	suspender
suspend	negative	suspender
suspend	positive	suspender
suspend	sadness	suspender
suspend	surprise	suspender
suspend	trust	suspender
systematic	anger	sistemático
systematic	anticipation	sistemático
systematic	disgust	sistemático
systematic	fear	sistemático
systematic	joy	sistemático
systematic	negative	sistemático
systematic	positive	sistemático
systematic	sadness	pantalla
systematic	surprise	de pantalla
systematic	trust	sistemática
screen	anger	sistemática
screen	anticipation	sistemática
screen	disgust	pantalla
screen	fear	de pantalla
screen	joy	de pantalla
screen	negative	de pantalla
screen	positive	pantalla
screen	sadness	de pantalla
screen	surprise	de pantalla
screen	trust	de pantalla
museum	anger	museo
museum	anticipation	de museo
museum	disgust	de museo
museum	fear	de museo
museum	joy	museo
museum	negative	de museo
museum	positive	de museo
museum	sadness	de museo
museum	surprise	museo
museum	trust	de museo
molestation	anger	molestation
molestation	anticipation	molestation
molestation	disgust	molestation
molestation	fear	molestation
molestation	joy	molestation
molestation	negative	molestation
molestation	positive	molestation
molestation	sadness	molestation
molestation	surprise	molestation
molestation	trust	molestation
entanglement	anger	entanglement
entanglement	anticipation	entanglement
entanglement	disgust	entanglement
entanglement	fear	entanglement
entanglement	joy	entanglement
entanglement	negative	entanglement
entanglement	positive	entanglement
entanglement	sadness	entanglement
entanglement	surprise	entanglement
entanglement	trust	entanglement
deplorable	anger	deplorable
deplorable	anticipation	deplorable
deplorable	disgust	deplorable
deplorable	fear	deplorable
deplorable	joy	deplorable
deplorable	negative	deplorable
deplorable	positive	deplorable
deplorable	sadness	tubo
deplorable	surprise	de tubo
deplorable	trust	deplorable
pipe	anger	deplorable
pipe	anticipation	deplorable
pipe	disgust	tubo
pipe	fear	de tubo
pipe	joy	de tubo
pipe	negative	de tubo
pipe	positive	tubo
pipe	sadness	de tubo
pipe	surprise	de tubo
pipe	trust	de tubo
convinced	anger	convenció
convinced	anticipation	convencido
convinced	disgust	convenció
convinced	fear	convencido
convinced	joy	convenció
convinced	negative	convencido
convinced	positive	convenció
convinced	sadness	convencido
convinced	surprise	convenció
convinced	trust	convencido
stays	anger	se queda
stays	anticipation	las estancias
stays	disgust	se queda
stays	fear	las estancias
stays	joy	se queda
stays	negative	las estancias
stays	positive	se queda
stays	sadness	las estancias
stays	surprise	se queda
stays	trust	estancias
gynecology	anger	gynecology
gynecology	anticipation	gynecology
gynecology	disgust	gynecology
gynecology	fear	gynecology
gynecology	joy	gynecology
gynecology	negative	gynecology
gynecology	positive	gynecology
gynecology	sadness	gynecology
gynecology	surprise	gynecology
gynecology	trust	gynecology
roll	anger	corro
roll	anticipation	de corro
roll	disgust	de corro
roll	fear	de corro
roll	joy	corro
roll	negative	de corro
roll	positive	de corro
roll	sadness	de corro
roll	surprise	animosidad
roll	trust	de animosidad
animosity	anger	de corro
animosity	anticipation	de corro
animosity	disgust	animosidad
animosity	fear	de animosidad
animosity	joy	de animosidad
animosity	negative	de animosidad
animosity	positive	animosidad
animosity	sadness	de animosidad
animosity	surprise	de animosidad
animosity	trust	de animosidad
carnal	anger	carnal
carnal	anticipation	carnal
carnal	disgust	carnal
carnal	fear	carnal
carnal	joy	carnal
carnal	negative	carnal
carnal	positive	carnal
carnal	sadness	carnal
carnal	surprise	carnal
carnal	trust	carnal
state	anger	estatal
state	anticipation	estatal
state	disgust	estatal
state	fear	estatal
state	joy	estatal
state	negative	estatal
state	positive	estatal
state	sadness	arena
state	surprise	de arena
state	trust	estatal
sand	anger	estatal
sand	anticipation	estatal
sand	disgust	arena
sand	fear	de arena
sand	joy	de arena
sand	negative	de arena
sand	positive	arena
sand	sadness	de arena
sand	surprise	de arena
sand	trust	de arena
restored	anger	restauró
restored	anticipation	restaurada
restored	disgust	restauró
restored	fear	restaurado
restored	joy	restauró
restored	negative	restaurado
restored	positive	restauró
restored	sadness	restaurado
restored	surprise	restauró
restored	trust	restaurado
swim	anger	nadar
swim	anticipation	nadar
swim	disgust	nadar
swim	fear	nadar
swim	joy	nadar
swim	negative	nadar
swim	positive	nadar
swim	sadness	nadar
swim	surprise	nadar
swim	trust	nadar
rub	anger	frotar
rub	anticipation	frotar
rub	disgust	frotar
rub	fear	frotar
rub	joy	frotar
rub	negative	frotar
rub	positive	frotar
rub	sadness	frotar
rub	surprise	frotar
rub	trust	frotar
indifference	anger	indiferencia
indifference	anticipation	de indiferencia
indifference	disgust	de indiferencia
indifference	fear	de indiferencia
indifference	joy	indiferencia
indifference	negative	de indiferencia
indifference	positive	de indiferencia
indifference	sadness	de indiferencia
indifference	surprise	indiferencia
indifference	trust	de indiferencia
banshee	anger	banshee
banshee	anticipation	banshee
banshee	disgust	banshee
banshee	fear	banshee
banshee	joy	banshee
banshee	negative	banshee
banshee	positive	banshee
banshee	sadness	banshee
banshee	surprise	banshee
banshee	trust	banshee
originator	anger	originator
originator	anticipation	originator
originator	disgust	originator
originator	fear	originator
originator	joy	originator
originator	negative	originator
originator	positive	originator
originator	sadness	originator
originator	surprise	originator
originator	trust	originator
defense	anger	defensa
defense	anticipation	de defensa
defense	disgust	de defensa
defense	fear	de defensa
defense	joy	defensa
defense	negative	de defensa
defense	positive	de defensa
defense	sadness	de defensa
defense	surprise	defensa
defense	trust	de defensa
nobleman	anger	nobleman
nobleman	anticipation	nobleman
nobleman	disgust	nobleman
nobleman	fear	nobleman
nobleman	joy	nobleman
nobleman	negative	nobleman
nobleman	positive	nobleman
nobleman	sadness	nobleman
nobleman	surprise	nobleman
nobleman	trust	nobleman
disservice	anger	disservice
disservice	anticipation	disservice
disservice	disgust	disservice
disservice	fear	disservice
disservice	joy	disservice
disservice	negative	disservice
disservice	positive	disservice
disservice	sadness	disservice
disservice	surprise	disservice
disservice	trust	disservice
delayed	anger	retrasó
delayed	anticipation	retrasado
delayed	disgust	retrasó
delayed	fear	retrasado
delayed	joy	retrasó
delayed	negative	retrasado
delayed	positive	retrasó
delayed	sadness	retrasado
delayed	surprise	retrasó
delayed	trust	tabaco
tobacco	anger	de tabaco
tobacco	anticipation	de tabaco
tobacco	disgust	retrasado
tobacco	fear	tabaco
tobacco	joy	de tabaco
tobacco	negative	de tabaco
tobacco	positive	de tabaco
tobacco	sadness	tabaco
tobacco	surprise	de tabaco
tobacco	trust	del tabaco
shrewd	anger	perspicaz
shrewd	anticipation	perspicaz
shrewd	disgust	perspicaz
shrewd	fear	perspicaz
shrewd	joy	perspicaz
shrewd	negative	perspicaz
shrewd	positive	perspicaz
shrewd	sadness	perspicaz
shrewd	surprise	perspicaz
shrewd	trust	perspicaz
converse	anger	conversar
converse	anticipation	conversar
converse	disgust	conversar
converse	fear	conversar
converse	joy	conversar
converse	negative	conversar
converse	positive	conversar
converse	sadness	conversar
converse	surprise	conversar
converse	trust	conversar
stereotyped	anger	stereotyped
stereotyped	anticipation	stereotyped
stereotyped	disgust	stereotyped
stereotyped	fear	stereotyped
stereotyped	joy	stereotyped
stereotyped	negative	stereotyped
stereotyped	positive	stereotyped
stereotyped	sadness	stereotyped
stereotyped	surprise	stereotyped
stereotyped	trust	stereotyped
numerous	anger	numeroso
numerous	anticipation	numeroso
numerous	disgust	numeroso
numerous	fear	numeroso
numerous	joy	numeroso
numerous	negative	numeroso
numerous	positive	numeroso
numerous	sadness	lodo
numerous	surprise	de lodo
numerous	trust	numeroso
slime	anger	numeroso
slime	anticipation	numeroso
slime	disgust	lodo
slime	fear	de lodo
slime	joy	de lodo
slime	negative	de lodo
slime	positive	lodo
slime	sadness	de lodo
slime	surprise	de lodo
slime	trust	de lodo
plenty	anger	abundancia
plenty	anticipation	de abundancia
plenty	disgust	de abundancia
plenty	fear	de abundancia
plenty	joy	abundancia
plenty	negative	de abundancia
plenty	positive	de abundancia
plenty	sadness	de abundancia
plenty	surprise	abundancia
plenty	trust	de abundancia
deliberate	anger	deliberada
deliberate	anticipation	deliberado
deliberate	disgust	deliberado
deliberate	fear	deliberado
deliberate	joy	deliberado
deliberate	negative	deliberado
deliberate	positive	deliberado
deliberate	sadness	listado
deliberate	surprise	de listado
deliberate	trust	deliberado
listing	anger	deliberado
listing	anticipation	deliberado
listing	disgust	listado
listing	fear	de listado
listing	joy	de listado
listing	negative	de listado
listing	positive	listado
listing	sadness	de listado
listing	surprise	de listado
listing	trust	de listado
elbow	anger	codo
elbow	anticipation	de codo
elbow	disgust	de codo
elbow	fear	de codo
elbow	joy	codo
elbow	negative	de codo
elbow	positive	de codo
elbow	sadness	de codo
elbow	surprise	ungüento
elbow	trust	de ungüento
ointment	anger	de codo
ointment	anticipation	de codo
ointment	disgust	ungüento
ointment	fear	de ungüento
ointment	joy	de ungüento
ointment	negative	de ungüento
ointment	positive	ungüento
ointment	sadness	de ungüento
ointment	surprise	de ungüento
ointment	trust	de ungüento
scar	anger	cicatriz
scar	anticipation	de cicatriz
scar	disgust	de cicatriz
scar	fear	de cicatriz
scar	joy	cicatriz
scar	negative	de cicatriz
scar	positive	de cicatriz
scar	sadness	de cicatriz
scar	surprise	cicatriz
scar	trust	de cicatriz que
boiling	anger	hierve
boiling	anticipation	hirviendo
boiling	disgust	hirviendo
boiling	fear	hirviendo
boiling	joy	hirviendo
boiling	negative	hirviendo
boiling	positive	hirviendo
boiling	sadness	hirviendo
boiling	surprise	hirviendo
boiling	trust	hirviendo
toad	anger	sapo
toad	anticipation	de sapo
toad	disgust	de sapo
toad	fear	de sapo
toad	joy	sapo
toad	negative	de sapo
toad	positive	de sapo
toad	sadness	de sapo
toad	surprise	sapo
toad	trust	de sapo
catholic	anger	catholic
catholic	anticipation	catholic
catholic	disgust	catholic
catholic	fear	catholic
catholic	joy	catholic
catholic	negative	catholic
catholic	positive	catholic
catholic	sadness	catholic
catholic	surprise	catholic
catholic	trust	catholic
joke	anger	chiste
joke	anticipation	de chiste
joke	disgust	de chiste
joke	fear	de chiste
joke	joy	chiste
joke	negative	de chiste
joke	positive	de chiste
joke	sadness	de chiste
joke	surprise	chiste
joke	trust	de chiste
priestly	anger	sacerdotal
priestly	anticipation	sacerdotal
priestly	disgust	sacerdotal
priestly	fear	sacerdotal
priestly	joy	sacerdotal
priestly	negative	sacerdotal
priestly	positive	sacerdotal
priestly	sadness	obesidad
priestly	surprise	de obesidad
priestly	trust	sacerdotal
obesity	anger	sacerdotal
obesity	anticipation	sacerdotal
obesity	disgust	obesidad
obesity	fear	de obesidad
obesity	joy	de obesidad
obesity	negative	de obesidad
obesity	positive	obesidad
obesity	sadness	de obesidad
obesity	surprise	de obesidad
obesity	trust	de obesidad
blues	anger	blues
blues	anticipation	blues
blues	disgust	blues
blues	fear	blues
blues	joy	blues
blues	negative	blues
blues	positive	blues
blues	sadness	blues
blues	surprise	blues
blues	trust	blues
modify	anger	modificar
modify	anticipation	modificar
modify	disgust	modificar
modify	fear	modificar
modify	joy	modificar
modify	negative	modificar
modify	positive	modificar
modify	sadness	modificar
modify	surprise	modificar
modify	trust	modificar
cabal	anger	cabal
cabal	anticipation	cabal
cabal	disgust	cabal
cabal	fear	cabal
cabal	joy	cabal
cabal	negative	cabal
cabal	positive	cabal
cabal	sadness	cabal
cabal	surprise	cabal
cabal	trust	cabal
tanned	anger	tanned
tanned	anticipation	tanned
tanned	disgust	tanned
tanned	fear	tanned
tanned	joy	tanned
tanned	negative	tanned
tanned	positive	tanned
tanned	sadness	tanned
tanned	surprise	tanned
tanned	trust	tanned
recession	anger	recesión
recession	anticipation	de recesión
recession	disgust	de recesión
recession	fear	de recesión
recession	joy	recesión
recession	negative	de recesión
recession	positive	de recesión
recession	sadness	de recesión
recession	surprise	anexo
recession	trust	de anexo
annexe	anger	de recesión
annexe	anticipation	de recesión
annexe	disgust	anexo
annexe	fear	de anexo
annexe	joy	de anexo
annexe	negative	de anexo
annexe	positive	anexo
annexe	sadness	de anexo
annexe	surprise	de anexo
annexe	trust	de anexo
deposition	anger	deposición
deposition	anticipation	de deposición
deposition	disgust	de deposición
deposition	fear	de deposición
deposition	joy	deposición
deposition	negative	de deposición
deposition	positive	de deposición
deposition	sadness	de deposición
deposition	surprise	deposición
deposition	trust	de deposición
eulogy	anger	eulogy
eulogy	anticipation	eulogy
eulogy	disgust	eulogy
eulogy	fear	eulogy
eulogy	joy	eulogy
eulogy	negative	eulogy
eulogy	positive	eulogy
eulogy	sadness	eulogy
eulogy	surprise	eulogy
eulogy	trust	eulogy
attitude	anger	actitud
attitude	anticipation	de actitud
attitude	disgust	de actitud
attitude	fear	de actitud
attitude	joy	actitud
attitude	negative	de actitud
attitude	positive	de actitud
attitude	sadness	de actitud
attitude	surprise	comportamiento
attitude	trust	de comportamiento
behavior	anger	de actitud
behavior	anticipation	de actitud
behavior	disgust	comportamiento
behavior	fear	de comportamiento
behavior	joy	de comportamiento
behavior	negative	de comportamiento
behavior	positive	comportamiento
behavior	sadness	de comportamiento
behavior	surprise	de comportamiento
behavior	trust	de comportamiento
craps	anger	caga
craps	anticipation	caga
craps	disgust	caga
craps	fear	caga
craps	joy	caga
craps	negative	caga
craps	positive	caga
craps	sadness	caga
craps	surprise	caga
craps	trust	caga
pet	anger	mascota
pet	anticipation	de mascota
pet	disgust	de mascota
pet	fear	de mascota
pet	joy	mascota
pet	negative	de mascota
pet	positive	de mascota
pet	sadness	de mascota
pet	surprise	mascota
pet	trust	de mascota
akin	anger	semejante
akin	anticipation	semejante
akin	disgust	semejante
akin	fear	semejante
akin	joy	semejante
akin	negative	semejante
akin	positive	semejante
akin	sadness	veto
akin	surprise	de veto
akin	trust	semejante
veto	anger	semejante
veto	anticipation	semejante
veto	disgust	veto
veto	fear	de veto
veto	joy	de veto
veto	negative	de veto
veto	positive	veto
veto	sadness	de veto
veto	surprise	de veto
veto	trust	de veto
genealogy	anger	genealogía
genealogy	anticipation	de genealogía
genealogy	disgust	de genealogía
genealogy	fear	de genealogía
genealogy	joy	genealogía
genealogy	negative	de genealogía
genealogy	positive	de genealogía
genealogy	sadness	de genealogía
genealogy	surprise	genealogía
genealogy	trust	de genealogía
pontiff	anger	pontiff
pontiff	anticipation	pontiff
pontiff	disgust	pontiff
pontiff	fear	pontiff
pontiff	joy	pontiff
pontiff	negative	pontiff
pontiff	positive	pontiff
pontiff	sadness	pontiff
pontiff	surprise	pontiff
pontiff	trust	pontiff
strikingly	anger	strikingly
strikingly	anticipation	strikingly
strikingly	disgust	strikingly
strikingly	fear	strikingly
strikingly	joy	strikingly
strikingly	negative	strikingly
strikingly	positive	strikingly
strikingly	sadness	strikingly
strikingly	surprise	strikingly
strikingly	trust	strikingly
finery	anger	galas
finery	anticipation	de galas
finery	disgust	de galas
finery	fear	de galas
finery	joy	galas
finery	negative	de galas
finery	positive	de galas
finery	sadness	de galas
finery	surprise	duque
finery	trust	de duque
duke	anger	de galas
duke	anticipation	de galas
duke	disgust	duque
duke	fear	de duque
duke	joy	de duque
duke	negative	de duque
duke	positive	duque
duke	sadness	de duque
duke	surprise	de duque
duke	trust	de duque
pennant	anger	pennant
pennant	anticipation	pennant
pennant	disgust	pennant
pennant	fear	pennant
pennant	joy	pennant
pennant	negative	pennant
pennant	positive	pennant
pennant	sadness	pennant
pennant	surprise	pennant
pennant	trust	pennant
flank	anger	flanco
flank	anticipation	de flanco
flank	disgust	de flanco
flank	fear	de flanco
flank	joy	flanco
flank	negative	de flanco
flank	positive	de flanco
flank	sadness	de flanco
flank	surprise	flanco
flank	trust	de flanco
divestment	anger	divestment
divestment	anticipation	divestment
divestment	disgust	divestment
divestment	fear	divestment
divestment	joy	divestment
divestment	negative	divestment
divestment	positive	divestment
divestment	sadness	divestment
divestment	surprise	divestment
divestment	trust	divestment
carnation	anger	clavel
carnation	anticipation	de clavel
carnation	disgust	de clavel
carnation	fear	de clavel
carnation	joy	clavel
carnation	negative	de clavel
carnation	positive	de clavel
carnation	sadness	de clavel
carnation	surprise	jinete
carnation	trust	de jinete
rider	anger	de clavel
rider	anticipation	de clavel
rider	disgust	jinete
rider	fear	de jinete
rider	joy	de jinete
rider	negative	de jinete
rider	positive	jinete
rider	sadness	de jinete
rider	surprise	de jinete
rider	trust	de jinete
file	anger	archivo
file	anticipation	de archivo
file	disgust	de archivo
file	fear	de archivo
file	joy	archivo
file	negative	de archivo
file	positive	de archivo
file	sadness	de archivo
file	surprise	dignidad
file	trust	de dignidad
dignity	anger	de archivo
dignity	anticipation	de archivo
dignity	disgust	dignidad
dignity	fear	de dignidad
dignity	joy	de dignidad
dignity	negative	de dignidad
dignity	positive	dignidad
dignity	sadness	de dignidad
dignity	surprise	de dignidad
dignity	trust	de dignidad
preparation	anger	preparación
preparation	anticipation	de preparación
preparation	disgust	de preparación
preparation	fear	de preparación
preparation	joy	preparación
preparation	negative	de preparación
preparation	positive	de preparación
preparation	sadness	de preparación
preparation	surprise	preparación
preparation	trust	de preparación
gum	anger	engoma
gum	anticipation	engomar
gum	disgust	engomar
gum	fear	engomar
gum	joy	engomar
gum	negative	engomar
gum	positive	engomar
gum	sadness	engomar
gum	surprise	engomar
gum	trust	engomar
mallet	anger	mallet
mallet	anticipation	mallet
mallet	disgust	mallet
mallet	fear	mallet
mallet	joy	mallet
mallet	negative	mallet
mallet	positive	mallet
mallet	sadness	mallet
mallet	surprise	mallet
mallet	trust	mallet
insertion	anger	inserción
insertion	anticipation	de inserción
insertion	disgust	de inserción
insertion	fear	de inserción
insertion	joy	inserción
insertion	negative	de inserción
insertion	positive	de inserción
insertion	sadness	de inserción
insertion	surprise	facsímil
insertion	trust	de facsímil
facsimile	anger	de inserción
facsimile	anticipation	de inserción
facsimile	disgust	facsímil
facsimile	fear	de facsímil
facsimile	joy	de facsímil
facsimile	negative	de facsímil
facsimile	positive	facsímil
facsimile	sadness	de facsímil
facsimile	surprise	de facsímil
facsimile	trust	de facsímil
urchin	anger	urchin
urchin	anticipation	urchin
urchin	disgust	urchin
urchin	fear	urchin
urchin	joy	urchin
urchin	negative	urchin
urchin	positive	urchin
urchin	sadness	urchin
urchin	surprise	urchin
urchin	trust	urchin
talker	anger	talker
talker	anticipation	talker
talker	disgust	talker
talker	fear	talker
talker	joy	talker
talker	negative	talker
talker	positive	talker
talker	sadness	talker
talker	surprise	talker
talker	trust	talker
rife	anger	rife
rife	anticipation	rife
rife	disgust	rife
rife	fear	rife
rife	joy	rife
rife	negative	rife
rife	positive	rife
rife	sadness	rife
rife	surprise	rife
rife	trust	rife
acquiring	anger	adquiriendo
acquiring	anticipation	adquiriendo
acquiring	disgust	adquiriendo
acquiring	fear	adquiriendo
acquiring	joy	adquiriendo
acquiring	negative	adquiriendo
acquiring	positive	adquiriendo
acquiring	sadness	adquiriendo
acquiring	surprise	adquiriendo
acquiring	trust	adquiriendo
feeble	anger	débil
feeble	anticipation	débil
feeble	disgust	débil
feeble	fear	débil
feeble	joy	débil
feeble	negative	débil
feeble	positive	débil
feeble	sadness	débil
feeble	surprise	débil
feeble	trust	débil
pamper	anger	pamper
pamper	anticipation	pamper
pamper	disgust	pamper
pamper	fear	pamper
pamper	joy	pamper
pamper	negative	pamper
pamper	positive	pamper
pamper	sadness	pamper
pamper	surprise	pamper
pamper	trust	pamper
hank	anger	hank
hank	anticipation	hank
hank	disgust	hank
hank	fear	hank
hank	joy	hank
hank	negative	hank
hank	positive	hank
hank	sadness	hank
hank	surprise	hank
hank	trust	hank
household	anger	casa
household	anticipation	de casa
household	disgust	de casa
household	fear	de casa
household	joy	casa
household	negative	de casa
household	positive	de casa
household	sadness	de casa
household	surprise	casa
household	trust	de casa
extravaganza	anger	extravaganza
extravaganza	anticipation	extravaganza
extravaganza	disgust	extravaganza
extravaganza	fear	extravaganza
extravaganza	joy	extravaganza
extravaganza	negative	extravaganza
extravaganza	positive	extravaganza
extravaganza	sadness	extravaganza
extravaganza	surprise	extravaganza
extravaganza	trust	extravaganza
dance	anger	baile
dance	anticipation	de baile
dance	disgust	de baile
dance	fear	de baile
dance	joy	baile
dance	negative	de baile
dance	positive	de baile
dance	sadness	de baile
dance	surprise	licitación
dance	trust	de licitación
bidding	anger	de baile
bidding	anticipation	de baile
bidding	disgust	licitación
bidding	fear	de licitación
bidding	joy	de licitación
bidding	negative	de licitación
bidding	positive	licitación
bidding	sadness	de licitación
bidding	surprise	de licitación
bidding	trust	de licitación
indigenous	anger	indigenous
indigenous	anticipation	indigenous
indigenous	disgust	indigenous
indigenous	fear	indigenous
indigenous	joy	indigenous
indigenous	negative	indigenous
indigenous	positive	indigenous
indigenous	sadness	indigenous
indigenous	surprise	indigenous
indigenous	trust	indigenous
behold	anger	behold
behold	anticipation	behold
behold	disgust	behold
behold	fear	behold
behold	joy	behold
behold	negative	behold
behold	positive	behold
behold	sadness	behold
behold	surprise	behold
behold	trust	behold
virtually	anger	virtualmente
virtually	anticipation	virtualmente
virtually	disgust	virtualmente
virtually	fear	virtualmente
virtually	joy	virtualmente
virtually	negative	virtualmente
virtually	positive	virtualmente
virtually	sadness	virtualmente
virtually	surprise	virtualmente
virtually	trust	virtualmente
refraction	anger	refracción
refraction	anticipation	de refracción
refraction	disgust	de refracción
refraction	fear	de refracción
refraction	joy	refracción
refraction	negative	de refracción
refraction	positive	de refracción
refraction	sadness	de refracción
refraction	surprise	refracción
refraction	trust	de refracción
tall	anger	alta
tall	anticipation	alto
tall	disgust	alto
tall	fear	alto
tall	joy	alto
tall	negative	alto
tall	positive	alto
tall	sadness	alto
tall	surprise	alto
tall	trust	alto
nominate	anger	nominar
nominate	anticipation	nominar
nominate	disgust	nominar
nominate	fear	nominar
nominate	joy	nominar
nominate	negative	nominar
nominate	positive	nominar
nominate	sadness	nominar
nominate	surprise	nominar
nominate	trust	nominar
idleness	anger	idleness
idleness	anticipation	idleness
idleness	disgust	idleness
idleness	fear	idleness
idleness	joy	idleness
idleness	negative	idleness
idleness	positive	idleness
idleness	sadness	idleness
idleness	surprise	idleness
idleness	trust	idleness
textbook	anger	textbook
textbook	anticipation	textbook
textbook	disgust	textbook
textbook	fear	textbook
textbook	joy	textbook
textbook	negative	textbook
textbook	positive	textbook
textbook	sadness	textbook
textbook	surprise	textbook
textbook	trust	textbook
declaration	anger	declaration
declaration	anticipation	declaration
declaration	disgust	declaration
declaration	fear	declaration
declaration	joy	declaration
declaration	negative	declaration
declaration	positive	declaration
declaration	sadness	declaration
declaration	surprise	declaration
declaration	trust	declaration
skull	anger	cráneo
skull	anticipation	de cráneo
skull	disgust	de cráneo
skull	fear	de cráneo
skull	joy	cráneo
skull	negative	de cráneo
skull	positive	de cráneo
skull	sadness	de cráneo
skull	surprise	negociador
skull	trust	de negociador
negotiator	anger	de cráneo
negotiator	anticipation	de cráneo
negotiator	disgust	negociador
negotiator	fear	de negociador
negotiator	joy	de negociador
negotiator	negative	de negociador
negotiator	positive	negociador
negotiator	sadness	de negociador
negotiator	surprise	de negociador
negotiator	trust	de negociador
jute	anger	yute
jute	anticipation	de yute
jute	disgust	de yute
jute	fear	de yute
jute	joy	yute
jute	negative	de yute
jute	positive	de yute
jute	sadness	de yute
jute	surprise	elección
jute	trust	de elección
election	anger	de yute
election	anticipation	de yute
election	disgust	elección
election	fear	de elección
election	joy	de elección
election	negative	de elección
election	positive	elección
election	sadness	de elección
election	surprise	de elección
election	trust	de elección
drool	anger	drool
drool	anticipation	drool
drool	disgust	drool
drool	fear	drool
drool	joy	drool
drool	negative	drool
drool	positive	drool
drool	sadness	drool
drool	surprise	drool
drool	trust	drool
bellow	anger	bramido
bellow	anticipation	de bramido
bellow	disgust	de bramido
bellow	fear	de bramido
bellow	joy	bramido
bellow	negative	de bramido
bellow	positive	de bramido
bellow	sadness	de bramido
bellow	surprise	arqueólogo
bellow	trust	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	anger	de bramido
archaeologist	anticipation	de bramido
archaeologist	disgust	arqueólogo
archaeologist	fear	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	joy	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	negative	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	positive	arqueólogo
archaeologist	sadness	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	surprise	de arqueólogo
archaeologist	trust	de arqueólogo
conclave	anger	conclave
conclave	anticipation	conclave
conclave	disgust	conclave
conclave	fear	conclave
conclave	joy	conclave
conclave	negative	conclave
conclave	positive	conclave
conclave	sadness	conclave
conclave	surprise	conclave
conclave	trust	conclave
cytoplasm	anger	citoplasma
cytoplasm	anticipation	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	disgust	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	fear	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	joy	citoplasma
cytoplasm	negative	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	positive	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	sadness	de citoplasma
cytoplasm	surprise	citoplasma
cytoplasm	trust	de citoplasma
fascinating	anger	fascinating
fascinating	anticipation	fascinating
fascinating	disgust	fascinating
fascinating	fear	fascinating
fascinating	joy	fascinating
fascinating	negative	fascinating
fascinating	positive	fascinating
fascinating	sadness	fascinating
fascinating	surprise	fascinating
fascinating	trust	fascinating
fanciful	anger	fanciful
fanciful	anticipation	fanciful
fanciful	disgust	fanciful
fanciful	fear	fanciful
fanciful	joy	fanciful
fanciful	negative	fanciful
fanciful	positive	fanciful
fanciful	sadness	fanciful
fanciful	surprise	fanciful
fanciful	trust	fanciful
midland	anger	midland
midland	anticipation	midland
midland	disgust	midland
midland	fear	midland
midland	joy	midland
midland	negative	midland
midland	positive	midland
midland	sadness	midland
midland	surprise	midland
midland	trust	midland
implied	anger	implicó
implied	anticipation	implicado
implied	disgust	implicó
implied	fear	implicado
implied	joy	implicó
implied	negative	implicado
implied	positive	implicó
implied	sadness	implicado
implied	surprise	implicó
implied	trust	diablo
devil	anger	de diablo
devil	anticipation	de diablo
devil	disgust	implicado
devil	fear	diablo
devil	joy	de diablo
devil	negative	de diablo
devil	positive	de diablo
devil	sadness	diablo
devil	surprise	de diablo
devil	trust	del diablo
reimburse	anger	reimburse
reimburse	anticipation	reimburse
reimburse	disgust	reimburse
reimburse	fear	reimburse
reimburse	joy	reimburse
reimburse	negative	reimburse
reimburse	positive	reimburse
reimburse	sadness	reimburse
reimburse	surprise	reimburse
reimburse	trust	reimburse
bookshop	anger	librería
bookshop	anticipation	de librería
bookshop	disgust	de librería
bookshop	fear	de librería
bookshop	joy	librería
bookshop	negative	de librería
bookshop	positive	de librería
bookshop	sadness	de librería
bookshop	surprise	librería
bookshop	trust	de librería
biennial	anger	bienal
biennial	anticipation	bienal
biennial	disgust	bienal
biennial	fear	bienal
biennial	joy	bienal
biennial	negative	bienal
biennial	positive	bienal
biennial	sadness	capilla
biennial	surprise	de capilla
biennial	trust	bienal
chapel	anger	bienal
chapel	anticipation	bienal
chapel	disgust	capilla
chapel	fear	de capilla
chapel	joy	de capilla
chapel	negative	de capilla
chapel	positive	capilla
chapel	sadness	de capilla
chapel	surprise	de capilla
chapel	trust	de capilla
synopsis	anger	synopsis
synopsis	anticipation	synopsis
synopsis	disgust	synopsis
synopsis	fear	synopsis
synopsis	joy	synopsis
synopsis	negative	synopsis
synopsis	positive	synopsis
synopsis	sadness	synopsis
synopsis	surprise	synopsis
synopsis	trust	synopsis
lithography	anger	litografía
lithography	anticipation	de litografía
lithography	disgust	de litografía
lithography	fear	de litografía
lithography	joy	litografía
lithography	negative	de litografía
lithography	positive	de litografía
lithography	sadness	de litografía
lithography	surprise	laberinto
lithography	trust	de laberinto
labyrinth	anger	de litografía
labyrinth	anticipation	de litografía
labyrinth	disgust	laberinto
labyrinth	fear	de laberinto
labyrinth	joy	de laberinto
labyrinth	negative	de laberinto
labyrinth	positive	laberinto
labyrinth	sadness	de laberinto
labyrinth	surprise	de laberinto
labyrinth	trust	de laberinto
transaction	anger	transacción
transaction	anticipation	de transacción
transaction	disgust	de transacción
transaction	fear	de transacción
transaction	joy	transacción
transaction	negative	de transacción
transaction	positive	de transacción
transaction	sadness	de transacción
transaction	surprise	transacción
transaction	trust	de transacción
sunrise	anger	sunrise
sunrise	anticipation	sunrise
sunrise	disgust	sunrise
sunrise	fear	sunrise
sunrise	joy	sunrise
sunrise	negative	sunrise
sunrise	positive	sunrise
sunrise	sadness	sunrise
sunrise	surprise	sunrise
sunrise	trust	sunrise
withstand	anger	withstand
withstand	anticipation	withstand
withstand	disgust	withstand
withstand	fear	withstand
withstand	joy	withstand
withstand	negative	withstand
withstand	positive	withstand
withstand	sadness	withstand
withstand	surprise	withstand
withstand	trust	withstand
embroiled	anger	embroiled
embroiled	anticipation	embroiled
embroiled	disgust	embroiled
embroiled	fear	embroiled
embroiled	joy	embroiled
embroiled	negative	embroiled
embroiled	positive	embroiled
embroiled	sadness	embroiled
embroiled	surprise	embroiled
embroiled	trust	embroiled
deserted	anger	desertó
deserted	anticipation	desertado
deserted	disgust	desertó
deserted	fear	desertado
deserted	joy	desertó
deserted	negative	desertado
deserted	positive	desertó
deserted	sadness	desertado
deserted	surprise	desertó
deserted	trust	leucemia
leukemia	anger	de leucemia
leukemia	anticipation	de leucemia
leukemia	disgust	desertada
leukemia	fear	leucemia
leukemia	joy	de leucemia
leukemia	negative	de leucemia
leukemia	positive	de leucemia
leukemia	sadness	huracán
leukemia	surprise	de leucemia
leukemia	trust	de leucemia
hurricane	anger	de leucemia
hurricane	anticipation	huracán
hurricane	disgust	de huracán
hurricane	fear	de huracán
hurricane	joy	de huracán
hurricane	negative	huracán
hurricane	positive	de huracán
hurricane	sadness	de huracán
hurricane	surprise	de huracán
hurricane	trust	círculo
circle	anger	de círculo
circle	anticipation	de círculo
circle	disgust	de huracán
circle	fear	círculo
circle	joy	de círculo
circle	negative	de círculo
circle	positive	de círculo
circle	sadness	homicidio
circle	surprise	de círculo
circle	trust	de círculo
homicide	anger	de círculo
homicide	anticipation	homicidio
homicide	disgust	de homicidio
homicide	fear	de homicidio
homicide	joy	de homicidio
homicide	negative	homicidio
homicide	positive	de homicidio
homicide	sadness	de homicidio
homicide	surprise	de homicidio
homicide	trust	hallazgo
finding	anger	de hallazgo
finding	anticipation	de hallazgo
finding	disgust	de homicidio
finding	fear	hallazgo
finding	joy	de hallazgo
finding	negative	de hallazgo
finding	positive	de hallazgo
finding	sadness	hallazgo
finding	surprise	de hallazgo
finding	trust	del hallazgo
expel	anger	expulsa
expel	anticipation	expulsar
expel	disgust	expulsar
expel	fear	expulsar
expel	joy	expulsar
expel	negative	expulsar
expel	positive	expulsar
expel	sadness	expulsar
expel	surprise	expulsar
expel	trust	expulsar
eminent	anger	eminente
eminent	anticipation	eminente
eminent	disgust	eminente
eminent	fear	eminente
eminent	joy	eminente
eminent	negative	eminente
eminent	positive	eminente
eminent	sadness	eminente
eminent	surprise	eminente
eminent	trust	eminente
overgrowth	anger	overgrowth
overgrowth	anticipation	overgrowth
overgrowth	disgust	overgrowth
overgrowth	fear	overgrowth
overgrowth	joy	overgrowth
overgrowth	negative	overgrowth
overgrowth	positive	overgrowth
overgrowth	sadness	overgrowth
overgrowth	surprise	overgrowth
overgrowth	trust	overgrowth
restlessness	anger	inquietud
restlessness	anticipation	de inquietud
restlessness	disgust	de inquietud
restlessness	fear	de inquietud
restlessness	joy	inquietud
restlessness	negative	de inquietud
restlessness	positive	de inquietud
restlessness	sadness	de inquietud
restlessness	surprise	inquietud
restlessness	trust	de inquietud
colloquial	anger	coloquial
colloquial	anticipation	coloquial
colloquial	disgust	coloquial
colloquial	fear	coloquial
colloquial	joy	coloquial
colloquial	negative	coloquial
colloquial	positive	coloquial
colloquial	sadness	coloquial
colloquial	surprise	coloquial
colloquial	trust	coloquial
twelve	anger	doce
twelve	anticipation	doce
twelve	disgust	doce
twelve	fear	doce
twelve	joy	doce
twelve	negative	doce
twelve	positive	doce
twelve	sadness	doce
twelve	surprise	doce
twelve	trust	doce
differing	anger	difiriendo
differing	anticipation	difiriendo
differing	disgust	difiriendo
differing	fear	difiriendo
differing	joy	difiriendo
differing	negative	difiriendo
differing	positive	difiriendo
differing	sadness	difiriendo
differing	surprise	difiriendo
differing	trust	difiriendo
comical	anger	comical
comical	anticipation	comical
comical	disgust	comical
comical	fear	comical
comical	joy	comical
comical	negative	comical
comical	positive	comical
comical	sadness	comical
comical	surprise	comical
comical	trust	comical
arbor	anger	cenador
arbor	anticipation	de cenador
arbor	disgust	de cenador
arbor	fear	de cenador
arbor	joy	cenador
arbor	negative	de cenador
arbor	positive	de cenador
arbor	sadness	de cenador
arbor	surprise	neutralidad
arbor	trust	de neutralidad
neutrality	anger	de cenador
neutrality	anticipation	de cenador
neutrality	disgust	neutralidad
neutrality	fear	de neutralidad
neutrality	joy	de neutralidad
neutrality	negative	de neutralidad
neutrality	positive	neutralidad
neutrality	sadness	de neutralidad
neutrality	surprise	de neutralidad
neutrality	trust	de neutralidad
berlin	anger	berlina
berlin	anticipation	de berlina
berlin	disgust	de berlina
berlin	fear	de berlina
berlin	joy	berlina
berlin	negative	de berlina
berlin	positive	de berlina
berlin	sadness	de berlina
berlin	surprise	berlina
berlin	trust	de berlina
unordered	anger	unordered
unordered	anticipation	unordered
unordered	disgust	unordered
unordered	fear	unordered
unordered	joy	unordered
unordered	negative	unordered
unordered	positive	unordered
unordered	sadness	unordered
unordered	surprise	unordered
unordered	trust	unordered
bus	anger	autobús
bus	anticipation	de autobús
bus	disgust	de autobús
bus	fear	de autobús
bus	joy	autobús
bus	negative	de autobús
bus	positive	de autobús
bus	sadness	de autobús
bus	surprise	autobús
bus	trust	de autobús
cast	anger	lanza
cast	anticipation	el reparto
cast	disgust	lanzado
cast	fear	lanza
cast	joy	reparto
cast	negative	de reparto
cast	positive	lanzado
cast	sadness	lanza
cast	surprise	reparto
cast	trust	lanzado
sultry	anger	sultry
sultry	anticipation	sultry
sultry	disgust	sultry
sultry	fear	sultry
sultry	joy	sultry
sultry	negative	sultry
sultry	positive	sultry
sultry	sadness	sultry
sultry	surprise	sultry
sultry	trust	sultry
polymorphism	anger	polimorfismo
polymorphism	anticipation	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	disgust	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	fear	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	joy	polimorfismo
polymorphism	negative	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	positive	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	sadness	de polimorfismo
polymorphism	surprise	polimorfismo
polymorphism	trust	de polimorfismo
tricky	anger	delicado
tricky	anticipation	delicado
tricky	disgust	delicado
tricky	fear	delicado
tricky	joy	delicado
tricky	negative	delicado
tricky	positive	delicado
tricky	sadness	fósforo
tricky	surprise	de fósforo
tricky	trust	delicado
phosphorus	anger	delicado
phosphorus	anticipation	delicado
phosphorus	disgust	fósforo
phosphorus	fear	de fósforo
phosphorus	joy	de fósforo
phosphorus	negative	de fósforo
phosphorus	positive	fósforo
phosphorus	sadness	de fósforo
phosphorus	surprise	de fósforo
phosphorus	trust	de fósforo
fluorescent	anger	fluorescente
fluorescent	anticipation	fluorescente
fluorescent	disgust	fluorescente
fluorescent	fear	fluorescente
fluorescent	joy	fluorescente
fluorescent	negative	fluorescente
fluorescent	positive	fluorescente
fluorescent	sadness	golpe
fluorescent	surprise	de golpe
fluorescent	trust	fluorescente
hit	anger	fluorescente
hit	anticipation	fluorescente
hit	disgust	el golpe
hit	fear	pega
hit	joy	el golpe
hit	negative	pegado
hit	positive	pega
hit	sadness	el golpe
hit	surprise	pegado
hit	trust	pega
refusing	anger	rechazar
refusing	anticipation	rechazando
refusing	disgust	rechazando
refusing	fear	rechazando
refusing	joy	rechazando
refusing	negative	rechazando
refusing	positive	rechazando
refusing	sadness	rechazando
refusing	surprise	rechazando
refusing	trust	rechazando
uncover	anger	uncover
uncover	anticipation	uncover
uncover	disgust	uncover
uncover	fear	uncover
uncover	joy	uncover
uncover	negative	uncover
uncover	positive	uncover
uncover	sadness	uncover
uncover	surprise	uncover
uncover	trust	uncover
science	anger	ciencia
science	anticipation	de ciencia
science	disgust	de ciencia
science	fear	de ciencia
science	joy	ciencia
science	negative	de ciencia
science	positive	de ciencia
science	sadness	de ciencia
science	surprise	resma
science	trust	de resma
ream	anger	de ciencia
ream	anticipation	de ciencia
ream	disgust	resma
ream	fear	de resma
ream	joy	de resma
ream	negative	de resma
ream	positive	resma
ream	sadness	de resma
ream	surprise	de resma
ream	trust	de resma
invitation	anger	invitación
invitation	anticipation	de invitación
invitation	disgust	de invitación
invitation	fear	de invitación
invitation	joy	invitación
invitation	negative	de invitación
invitation	positive	de invitación
invitation	sadness	de invitación
invitation	surprise	talante
invitation	trust	de talante
disposition	anger	de invitación
disposition	anticipation	de invitación
disposition	disgust	talante
disposition	fear	de talante
disposition	joy	de talante
disposition	negative	de talante
disposition	positive	talante
disposition	sadness	de talante
disposition	surprise	de talante
disposition	trust	de talante
crowd	anger	multitud
crowd	anticipation	de multitud
crowd	disgust	de multitud
crowd	fear	de multitud
crowd	joy	multitud
crowd	negative	de multitud
crowd	positive	de multitud
crowd	sadness	de multitud
crowd	surprise	partidario
crowd	trust	de partidario
backer	anger	de multitud
backer	anticipation	de multitud
backer	disgust	partidario
backer	fear	de partidario
backer	joy	de partidario
backer	negative	de partidario
backer	positive	partidario
backer	sadness	de partidario
backer	surprise	de partidario
backer	trust	de partidario
make	anger	marca
make	anticipation	de marca
make	disgust	de marca
make	fear	de marca
make	joy	marca
make	negative	de marca
make	positive	de marca
make	sadness	de marca
make	surprise	sínodo
make	trust	de sínodo
synod	anger	de marca
synod	anticipation	de marca
synod	disgust	sínodo
synod	fear	de sínodo
synod	joy	de sínodo
synod	negative	de sínodo
synod	positive	sínodo
synod	sadness	de sínodo
synod	surprise	de sínodo
synod	trust	de sínodo
snatch	anger	arrebata
snatch	anticipation	arrebatar
snatch	disgust	arrebatar
snatch	fear	arrebatar
snatch	joy	arrebatar
snatch	negative	arrebatar
snatch	positive	arrebatar
snatch	sadness	arrebatar
snatch	surprise	arrebatar
snatch	trust	arrebatar
loosening	anger	loosening
loosening	anticipation	loosening
loosening	disgust	loosening
loosening	fear	loosening
loosening	joy	loosening
loosening	negative	loosening
loosening	positive	loosening
loosening	sadness	loosening
loosening	surprise	loosening
loosening	trust	loosening
expectancy	anger	expectación
expectancy	anticipation	de expectación
expectancy	disgust	de expectación
expectancy	fear	de expectación
expectancy	joy	expectación
expectancy	negative	de expectación
expectancy	positive	de expectación
expectancy	sadness	de expectación
expectancy	surprise	cuero
expectancy	trust	de cuero
leather	anger	de expectación
leather	anticipation	de expectación
leather	disgust	cuero
leather	fear	de cuero
leather	joy	de cuero
leather	negative	de cuero
leather	positive	cuero
leather	sadness	de cuero
leather	surprise	de cuero
leather	trust	de cuero
referee	anger	árbitro
referee	anticipation	de árbitro
referee	disgust	de árbitro
referee	fear	de árbitro
referee	joy	árbitro
referee	negative	de árbitro
referee	positive	de árbitro
referee	sadness	de árbitro
referee	surprise	árbitro
referee	trust	de árbitro
lees	anger	lees
lees	anticipation	lees
lees	disgust	lees
lees	fear	lees
lees	joy	lees
lees	negative	lees
lees	positive	lees
lees	sadness	lees
lees	surprise	lees
lees	trust	lees
robust	anger	robusto
robust	anticipation	robusto
robust	disgust	robusto
robust	fear	robusto
robust	joy	robusto
robust	negative	robusto
robust	positive	robusto
robust	sadness	palma
robust	surprise	de palma
robust	trust	robusta
palm	anger	robusta
palm	anticipation	robusta
palm	disgust	palma
palm	fear	de palma
palm	joy	de palma
palm	negative	de palma
palm	positive	palma
palm	sadness	de palma
palm	surprise	de palma
palm	trust	de palma
big	anger	grande
big	anticipation	grande
big	disgust	grande
big	fear	grande
big	joy	grande
big	negative	grande
big	positive	grande
big	sadness	biopsia
big	surprise	de biopsia
big	trust	grande
biopsy	anger	grande
biopsy	anticipation	grande
biopsy	disgust	biopsia
biopsy	fear	de biopsia
biopsy	joy	de biopsia
biopsy	negative	de biopsia
biopsy	positive	biopsia
biopsy	sadness	de biopsia
biopsy	surprise	de biopsia
biopsy	trust	de biopsia
august	anger	august
august	anticipation	august
august	disgust	august
august	fear	august
august	joy	august
august	negative	august
august	positive	august
august	sadness	august
august	surprise	august
august	trust	august
cinder	anger	cinder
cinder	anticipation	cinder
cinder	disgust	cinder
cinder	fear	cinder
cinder	joy	cinder
cinder	negative	cinder
cinder	positive	cinder
cinder	sadness	cinder
cinder	surprise	cinder
cinder	trust	cinder
parcels	anger	paquetes
parcels	anticipation	de paquetes
parcels	disgust	de paquetes
parcels	fear	de paquetes
parcels	joy	paquetes
parcels	negative	de paquetes
parcels	positive	de paquetes
parcels	sadness	de paquetes
parcels	surprise	paquetes
parcels	trust	de paquetes
harry	anger	harry
harry	anticipation	harry
harry	disgust	harry
harry	fear	harry
harry	joy	harry
harry	negative	harry
harry	positive	harry
harry	sadness	harry
harry	surprise	harry
harry	trust	harry
burning	anger	quemando
burning	anticipation	en llamas
burning	disgust	en llamas
burning	fear	en llamas
burning	joy	en llamas
burning	negative	en llamas
burning	positive	en llamas
burning	sadness	en llamas
burning	surprise	en llamas
burning	trust	en llamas
wot	anger	wot
wot	anticipation	wot
wot	disgust	wot
wot	fear	wot
wot	joy	wot
wot	negative	wot
wot	positive	wot
wot	sadness	wot
wot	surprise	wot
wot	trust	wot
worry	anger	preocupación
worry	anticipation	de preocupación
worry	disgust	de preocupación
worry	fear	de preocupación
worry	joy	preocupación
worry	negative	de preocupación
worry	positive	de preocupación
worry	sadness	de preocupación
worry	surprise	preocupación
worry	trust	de preocupación
surcharge	anger	surcharge
surcharge	anticipation	surcharge
surcharge	disgust	surcharge
surcharge	fear	surcharge
surcharge	joy	surcharge
surcharge	negative	surcharge
surcharge	positive	surcharge
surcharge	sadness	surcharge
surcharge	surprise	surcharge
surcharge	trust	surcharge
corkscrew	anger	corkscrew
corkscrew	anticipation	corkscrew
corkscrew	disgust	corkscrew
corkscrew	fear	corkscrew
corkscrew	joy	corkscrew
corkscrew	negative	corkscrew
corkscrew	positive	corkscrew
corkscrew	sadness	corkscrew
corkscrew	surprise	corkscrew
corkscrew	trust	corkscrew
passing	anger	pasando
passing	anticipation	paso
passing	disgust	de paso
passing	fear	de paso
passing	joy	de paso
passing	negative	paso
passing	positive	de paso
passing	sadness	de paso
passing	surprise	de paso
passing	trust	fístula
fistula	anger	de fístula
fistula	anticipation	de fístula
fistula	disgust	de paso
fistula	fear	fístula
fistula	joy	de fístula
fistula	negative	de fístula
fistula	positive	de fístula
fistula	sadness	corolario
fistula	surprise	de fístula
fistula	trust	de fístula
corollary	anger	de fístula
corollary	anticipation	corolario
corollary	disgust	de corolario
corollary	fear	de corolario
corollary	joy	de corolario
corollary	negative	corolario
corollary	positive	de corolario
corollary	sadness	de corolario
corollary	surprise	de corolario
corollary	trust	corolario
exegesis	anger	exegesis
exegesis	anticipation	exegesis
exegesis	disgust	exegesis
exegesis	fear	exegesis
exegesis	joy	exegesis
exegesis	negative	exegesis
exegesis	positive	exegesis
exegesis	sadness	exegesis
exegesis	surprise	exegesis
exegesis	trust	exegesis
loch	anger	loch
loch	anticipation	loch
loch	disgust	loch
loch	fear	loch
loch	joy	loch
loch	negative	loch
loch	positive	loch
loch	sadness	loch
loch	surprise	loch
loch	trust	loch
tip	anger	consejo
tip	anticipation	de consejo
tip	disgust	de consejo
tip	fear	de consejo
tip	joy	consejo
tip	negative	de consejo
tip	positive	de consejo
tip	sadness	de consejo
tip	surprise	consejo
tip	trust	de consejo
codification	anger	codification
codification	anticipation	codification
codification	disgust	codification
codification	fear	codification
codification	joy	codification
codification	negative	codification
codification	positive	codification
codification	sadness	codification
codification	surprise	codification
codification	trust	codification
stagger	anger	stagger
stagger	anticipation	stagger
stagger	disgust	stagger
stagger	fear	stagger
stagger	joy	stagger
stagger	negative	stagger
stagger	positive	stagger
stagger	sadness	stagger
stagger	surprise	stagger
stagger	trust	stagger
indulgence	anger	indulgencia
indulgence	anticipation	de indulgencia
indulgence	disgust	de indulgencia
indulgence	fear	de indulgencia
indulgence	joy	indulgencia
indulgence	negative	de indulgencia
indulgence	positive	de indulgencia
indulgence	sadness	de indulgencia
indulgence	surprise	indulgencia
indulgence	trust	de indulgencia
guidebook	anger	guidebook
guidebook	anticipation	guidebook
guidebook	disgust	guidebook
guidebook	fear	guidebook
guidebook	joy	guidebook
guidebook	negative	guidebook
guidebook	positive	guidebook
guidebook	sadness	guidebook
guidebook	surprise	guidebook
guidebook	trust	guidebook
marvelously	anger	marvelously
marvelously	anticipation	marvelously
marvelously	disgust	marvelously
marvelously	fear	marvelously
marvelously	joy	marvelously
marvelously	negative	marvelously
marvelously	positive	marvelously
marvelously	sadness	marvelously
marvelously	surprise	marvelously
marvelously	trust	marvelously
fondness	anger	fondness
fondness	anticipation	fondness
fondness	disgust	fondness
fondness	fear	fondness
fondness	joy	fondness
fondness	negative	fondness
fondness	positive	fondness
fondness	sadness	fondness
fondness	surprise	fondness
fondness	trust	fondness
vellum	anger	vellum
vellum	anticipation	vellum
vellum	disgust	vellum
vellum	fear	vellum
vellum	joy	vellum
vellum	negative	vellum
vellum	positive	vellum
vellum	sadness	vellum
vellum	surprise	vellum
vellum	trust	vellum
tow	anger	remolcar
tow	anticipation	remolcar
tow	disgust	remolcar
tow	fear	remolcar
tow	joy	remolcar
tow	negative	remolcar
tow	positive	remolcar
tow	sadness	remolcar
tow	surprise	remolcar
tow	trust	remolcar
fundamentally	anger	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	anticipation	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	disgust	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	fear	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	joy	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	negative	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	positive	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	sadness	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	surprise	fundamentalmente
fundamentally	trust	fundamentalmente
rat	anger	rata
rat	anticipation	de rata
rat	disgust	de rata
rat	fear	de rata
rat	joy	rata
rat	negative	de rata
rat	positive	de rata
rat	sadness	de rata
rat	surprise	rata
rat	trust	de rata
dictation	anger	dictation
dictation	anticipation	dictation
dictation	disgust	dictation
dictation	fear	dictation
dictation	joy	dictation
dictation	negative	dictation
dictation	positive	dictation
dictation	sadness	dictation
dictation	surprise	dictation
dictation	trust	dictation
cupping	anger	cupping
cupping	anticipation	cupping
cupping	disgust	cupping
cupping	fear	cupping
cupping	joy	cupping
cupping	negative	cupping
cupping	positive	cupping
cupping	sadness	cupping
cupping	surprise	cupping
cupping	trust	cupping
monstrosity	anger	monstrosity
monstrosity	anticipation	monstrosity
monstrosity	disgust	monstrosity
monstrosity	fear	monstrosity
monstrosity	joy	monstrosity
monstrosity	negative	monstrosity
monstrosity	positive	monstrosity
monstrosity	sadness	monstrosity
monstrosity	surprise	monstrosity
monstrosity	trust	monstrosity
mob	anger	mob
mob	anticipation	mob
mob	disgust	mob
mob	fear	mob
mob	joy	mob
mob	negative	mob
mob	positive	mob
mob	sadness	mob
mob	surprise	mob
mob	trust	mob
transformation	anger	transformación
transformation	anticipation	de transformación
transformation	disgust	de transformación
transformation	fear	de transformación
transformation	joy	transformación
transformation	negative	de transformación
transformation	positive	de transformación
transformation	sadness	de transformación
transformation	surprise	transformación
transformation	trust	de transformación
discourage	anger	desalenta
discourage	anticipation	desalentar
discourage	disgust	desalentar
discourage	fear	desalentar
discourage	joy	desalentar
discourage	negative	desalentar
discourage	positive	desalentar
discourage	sadness	desalentar
discourage	surprise	desalentar
discourage	trust	desalentar
slogan	anger	eslogan
slogan	anticipation	de eslogan
slogan	disgust	de eslogan
slogan	fear	de eslogan
slogan	joy	eslogan
slogan	negative	de eslogan
slogan	positive	de eslogan
slogan	sadness	de eslogan
slogan	surprise	eslogan
slogan	trust	de eslogan
crate	anger	crate
crate	anticipation	crate
crate	disgust	crate
crate	fear	crate
crate	joy	crate
crate	negative	crate
crate	positive	crate
crate	sadness	crate
crate	surprise	crate
crate	trust	crate
summon	anger	convocar
summon	anticipation	convocar
summon	disgust	convocar
summon	fear	convocar
summon	joy	convocar
summon	negative	convocar
summon	positive	convocar
summon	sadness	convocar
summon	surprise	convocar
summon	trust	convocar
chaps	anger	chaps
chaps	anticipation	chaps
chaps	disgust	chaps
chaps	fear	chaps
chaps	joy	chaps
chaps	negative	chaps
chaps	positive	chaps
chaps	sadness	chaps
chaps	surprise	chaps
chaps	trust	chaps
secondary	anger	secundario
secondary	anticipation	secundario
secondary	disgust	secundario
secondary	fear	secundario
secondary	joy	secundario
secondary	negative	secundario
secondary	positive	secundario
secondary	sadness	neurología
secondary	surprise	de neurología
secondary	trust	secundaria
neurology	anger	secundaria
neurology	anticipation	secundaria
neurology	disgust	neurología
neurology	fear	de neurología
neurology	joy	de neurología
neurology	negative	de neurología
neurology	positive	neurología
neurology	sadness	de neurología
neurology	surprise	de neurología
neurology	trust	de neurología
incentive	anger	incentivo
incentive	anticipation	de incentivo
incentive	disgust	de incentivo
incentive	fear	de incentivo
incentive	joy	incentivo
incentive	negative	de incentivo
incentive	positive	de incentivo
incentive	sadness	de incentivo
incentive	surprise	incentivo
incentive	trust	de incentivo
trespass	anger	entra sin autorización
trespass	anticipation	entrar sin autorización
trespass	disgust	entrar sin autorización
trespass	fear	entrar sin autorización
trespass	joy	entrar sin autorización
trespass	negative	entrar sin autorización
trespass	positive	entrar sin autorización
trespass	sadness	entrar sin autorización
trespass	surprise	entrar sin autorización
trespass	trust	entrar sin autorización
longitudinally	anger	longitudinally
longitudinally	anticipation	longitudinally
longitudinally	disgust	longitudinally
longitudinally	fear	longitudinally
longitudinally	joy	longitudinally
longitudinally	negative	longitudinally
longitudinally	positive	longitudinally
longitudinally	sadness	longitudinally
longitudinally	surprise	longitudinally
longitudinally	trust	longitudinally
creditor	anger	acreedor
creditor	anticipation	de acreedor
creditor	disgust	de acreedor
creditor	fear	de acreedor
creditor	joy	acreedor
creditor	negative	de acreedor
creditor	positive	de acreedor
creditor	sadness	de acreedor
creditor	surprise	arreglo
creditor	trust	de arreglo
arrangement	anger	de acreedor
arrangement	anticipation	de acreedor
arrangement	disgust	arreglo
arrangement	fear	de arreglo
arrangement	joy	de arreglo
arrangement	negative	de arreglo
arrangement	positive	arreglo
arrangement	sadness	de arreglo
arrangement	surprise	de arreglo
arrangement	trust	de arreglo
solubility	anger	solubilidad
solubility	anticipation	de solubilidad
solubility	disgust	de solubilidad
solubility	fear	de solubilidad
solubility	joy	solubilidad
solubility	negative	de solubilidad
solubility	positive	de solubilidad
solubility	sadness	de solubilidad
solubility	surprise	flora
solubility	trust	de flora
flora	anger	de solubilidad
flora	anticipation	de solubilidad
flora	disgust	flora
flora	fear	de flora
flora	joy	de flora
flora	negative	de flora
flora	positive	flora
flora	sadness	de flora
flora	surprise	de flora
flora	trust	de flora
crossbow	anger	ballesta
crossbow	anticipation	de ballesta
crossbow	disgust	de ballesta
crossbow	fear	de ballesta
crossbow	joy	ballesta
crossbow	negative	de ballesta
crossbow	positive	de ballesta
crossbow	sadness	de ballesta
crossbow	surprise	comité
crossbow	trust	de comité
committee	anger	de ballesta
committee	anticipation	de ballesta
committee	disgust	comité
committee	fear	de comité
committee	joy	de comité
committee	negative	de comité
committee	positive	comité
committee	sadness	de comité
committee	surprise	de comité
committee	trust	de comité
notably	anger	notablemente
notably	anticipation	notablemente
notably	disgust	notablemente
notably	fear	notablemente
notably	joy	notablemente
notably	negative	notablemente
notably	positive	notablemente
notably	sadness	notablemente
notably	surprise	notablemente
notably	trust	notablemente
wade	anger	vadear
wade	anticipation	vadear
wade	disgust	vadear
wade	fear	vadear
wade	joy	vadear
wade	negative	vadear
wade	positive	vadear
wade	sadness	vadear
wade	surprise	vadear
wade	trust	vadear
quadrature	anger	cuadratura
quadrature	anticipation	de cuadratura
quadrature	disgust	de cuadratura
quadrature	fear	de cuadratura
quadrature	joy	cuadratura
quadrature	negative	de cuadratura
quadrature	positive	de cuadratura
quadrature	sadness	de cuadratura
quadrature	surprise	sedición
quadrature	trust	de sedición
sedition	anger	de cuadratura
sedition	anticipation	de cuadratura
sedition	disgust	sedición
sedition	fear	de sedición
sedition	joy	de sedición
sedition	negative	de sedición
sedition	positive	sedición
sedition	sadness	de sedición
sedition	surprise	de sedición
sedition	trust	de sedición
unrestricted	anger	unrestricted
unrestricted	anticipation	unrestricted
unrestricted	disgust	unrestricted
unrestricted	fear	unrestricted
unrestricted	joy	unrestricted
unrestricted	negative	unrestricted
unrestricted	positive	unrestricted
unrestricted	sadness	unrestricted
unrestricted	surprise	unrestricted
unrestricted	trust	unrestricted
lewd	anger	lascivo
lewd	anticipation	lascivo
lewd	disgust	lascivo
lewd	fear	lascivo
lewd	joy	lascivo
lewd	negative	lascivo
lewd	positive	lascivo
lewd	sadness	película
lewd	surprise	de película
lewd	trust	lasciva
film	anger	lasciva
film	anticipation	lasciva
film	disgust	película
film	fear	de película
film	joy	de película
film	negative	de película
film	positive	película
film	sadness	de película
film	surprise	de película
film	trust	de película
unclaimed	anger	unclaimed
unclaimed	anticipation	
unclaimed	disgust	unclaimed
unclaimed	fear	unclaimed
unclaimed	joy	unclaimed
unclaimed	negative	unclaimed
unclaimed	positive	unclaimed
unclaimed	sadness	unclaimed
unclaimed	surprise	unclaimed
unclaimed	trust	unclaimed
plenary	anger	unclaimed
plenary	anticipation	pleno de pleno
plenary	disgust	de pleno
plenary	fear	de pleno
plenary	joy	pleno
plenary	negative	de pleno
plenary	positive	de pleno
plenary	sadness	de pleno
plenary	surprise	suficiencia
plenary	trust	de suficiencia
sufficiency	anger	de pleno
sufficiency	anticipation	de pleno
sufficiency	disgust	suficiencia
sufficiency	fear	de suficiencia
sufficiency	joy	de suficiencia
sufficiency	negative	de suficiencia
sufficiency	positive	suficiencia
sufficiency	sadness	de suficiencia
sufficiency	surprise	de suficiencia
sufficiency	trust	de suficiencia
multiplex	anger	multiplex
multiplex	anticipation	multiplex
multiplex	disgust	multiplex
multiplex	fear	multiplex
multiplex	joy	multiplex
multiplex	negative	multiplex
multiplex	positive	multiplex
multiplex	sadness	multiplex
multiplex	surprise	multiplex
multiplex	trust	multiplex
douche	anger	douche
douche	anticipation	douche
douche	disgust	douche
douche	fear	douche
douche	joy	douche
douche	negative	douche
douche	positive	douche
douche	sadness	douche
douche	surprise	douche
douche	trust	douche
liquor	anger	licor
liquor	anticipation	de licor
liquor	disgust	de licor
liquor	fear	de licor
liquor	joy	licor
liquor	negative	de licor
liquor	positive	de licor
liquor	sadness	de licor
liquor	surprise	alfalfa
liquor	trust	de alfalfa
alfalfa	anger	de licor
alfalfa	anticipation	de licor
alfalfa	disgust	alfalfa
alfalfa	fear	de alfalfa
alfalfa	joy	de alfalfa
alfalfa	negative	de alfalfa
alfalfa	positive	alfalfa
alfalfa	sadness	de alfalfa
alfalfa	surprise	de alfalfa
alfalfa	trust	de alfalfa
cheque	anger	cheque
cheque	anticipation	de cheque
cheque	disgust	de cheque
cheque	fear	de cheque
cheque	joy	cheque
cheque	negative	de cheque
cheque	positive	de cheque
cheque	sadness	de cheque
cheque	surprise	mejora
cheque	trust	de mejora
improvement	anger	de cheque
improvement	anticipation	de cheque
improvement	disgust	mejora
improvement	fear	de mejora
improvement	joy	de mejora
improvement	negative	de mejora
improvement	positive	mejora
improvement	sadness	de mejora
improvement	surprise	de mejora
improvement	trust	de mejora
solidification	anger	solidificación
solidification	anticipation	de solidificación
solidification	disgust	de solidificación
solidification	fear	de solidificación
solidification	joy	solidificación
solidification	negative	de solidificación
solidification	positive	de solidificación
solidification	sadness	de solidificación
solidification	surprise	solidificación
solidification	trust	de solidificación
ahead	anger	adelante
ahead	anticipation	adelante
ahead	disgust	adelante
ahead	fear	adelante
ahead	joy	adelante
ahead	negative	adelante
ahead	positive	adelante
ahead	sadness	adelante
ahead	surprise	adelante
ahead	trust	adelante
respect	anger	respeto
respect	anticipation	de respeto
respect	disgust	de respeto
respect	fear	de respeto
respect	joy	respeto
respect	negative	de respeto
respect	positive	de respeto
respect	sadness	de respeto
respect	surprise	percolación
respect	trust	de percolación
percolation	anger	de respeto
percolation	anticipation	de respeto
percolation	disgust	percolación
percolation	fear	de percolación
percolation	joy	de percolación
percolation	negative	de percolación
percolation	positive	percolación
percolation	sadness	de percolación
percolation	surprise	de percolación
percolation	trust	de percolación
loom	anger	telar
loom	anticipation	de telar
loom	disgust	de telar
loom	fear	de telar
loom	joy	telar
loom	negative	de telar
loom	positive	de telar
loom	sadness	de telar
loom	surprise	ballena
loom	trust	de ballena
whale	anger	de telar
whale	anticipation	de telar
whale	disgust	ballena
whale	fear	de ballena
whale	joy	de ballena
whale	negative	de ballena
whale	positive	ballena
whale	sadness	de ballena
whale	surprise	de ballena
whale	trust	de ballena
glass	anger	vaso
glass	anticipation	de vaso
glass	disgust	de vaso
glass	fear	de vaso
glass	joy	vaso
glass	negative	de vaso
glass	positive	de vaso
glass	sadness	de vaso
glass	surprise	vaso
glass	trust	de vaso
sleight	anger	sleight
sleight	anticipation	sleight
sleight	disgust	sleight
sleight	fear	sleight
sleight	joy	sleight
sleight	negative	sleight
sleight	positive	sleight
sleight	sadness	sleight
sleight	surprise	sleight
sleight	trust	sleight
embark	anger	embarcar
embark	anticipation	embarcar
embark	disgust	embarcar
embark	fear	embarcar
embark	joy	embarcar
embark	negative	embarcar
embark	positive	embarcar
embark	sadness	embarcar
embark	surprise	embarcar
embark	trust	embarcar
recorder	anger	grabadora
recorder	anticipation	de grabadora
recorder	disgust	de grabadora
recorder	fear	de grabadora
recorder	joy	grabadora
recorder	negative	de grabadora
recorder	positive	de grabadora
recorder	sadness	de grabadora
recorder	surprise	cera
recorder	trust	de cera
wax	anger	de grabadora
wax	anticipation	de grabadora
wax	disgust	cera
wax	fear	de cera
wax	joy	de cera
wax	negative	de cera
wax	positive	cera
wax	sadness	de cera
wax	surprise	de cera
wax	trust	de cera
terrestrial	anger	terrestre
terrestrial	anticipation	terrestre
terrestrial	disgust	terrestre
terrestrial	fear	terrestre
terrestrial	joy	terrestre
terrestrial	negative	terrestre
terrestrial	positive	terrestre
terrestrial	sadness	terrestre
terrestrial	surprise	terrestre
terrestrial	trust	terrestre
broadside	anger	broadside
broadside	anticipation	broadside
broadside	disgust	broadside
broadside	fear	broadside
broadside	joy	broadside
broadside	negative	broadside
broadside	positive	broadside
broadside	sadness	broadside
broadside	surprise	broadside
broadside	trust	broadside
kitchen	anger	cocina
kitchen	anticipation	de cocina
kitchen	disgust	de cocina
kitchen	fear	de cocina
kitchen	joy	cocina
kitchen	negative	de cocina
kitchen	positive	de cocina
kitchen	sadness	de cocina
kitchen	surprise	música
kitchen	trust	de música
music	anger	de cocina
music	anticipation	de cocina
music	disgust	música
music	fear	de música
music	joy	de música
music	negative	de música
music	positive	música
music	sadness	de música
music	surprise	de música
music	trust	de música
habit	anger	hábito
habit	anticipation	de hábito
habit	disgust	de hábito
habit	fear	de hábito
habit	joy	hábito
habit	negative	de hábito
habit	positive	de hábito
habit	sadness	de hábito
habit	surprise	hábito
habit	trust	de hábito
transfixed	anger	transfixed
transfixed	anticipation	transfixed
transfixed	disgust	transfixed
transfixed	fear	transfixed
transfixed	joy	transfixed
transfixed	negative	transfixed
transfixed	positive	transfixed
transfixed	sadness	transfixed
transfixed	surprise	transfixed
transfixed	trust	transfixed
failing	anger	fallando
failing	anticipation	fallando
failing	disgust	fallando
failing	fear	fallando
failing	joy	fallando
failing	negative	fallando
failing	positive	fallando
failing	sadness	fallando
failing	surprise	fallando
failing	trust	fallando
tetrahedral	anger	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	anticipation	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	disgust	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	fear	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	joy	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	negative	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	positive	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	sadness	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	surprise	tetraédrico
tetrahedral	trust	tetraédrico
carefully	anger	cuidadosamente
carefully	anticipation	cuidadosamente
carefully	disgust	cuidadosamente
carefully	fear	cuidadosamente
carefully	joy	cuidadosamente
carefully	negative	cuidadosamente
carefully	positive	cuidadosamente
carefully	sadness	cuidadosamente
carefully	surprise	cuidadosamente
carefully	trust	cuidadosamente
suffering	anger	padeciendo
suffering	anticipation	sufrimiento
suffering	disgust	de sufrimiento
suffering	fear	de sufrimiento
suffering	joy	de sufrimiento
suffering	negative	sufrimiento
suffering	positive	de sufrimiento
suffering	sadness	de sufrimiento
suffering	surprise	de sufrimiento que
suffering	trust	padece
ninth	anger	noveno
ninth	anticipation	noveno
ninth	disgust	noveno
ninth	fear	noveno
ninth	joy	noveno
ninth	negative	noveno
ninth	positive	noveno
ninth	sadness	noveno
ninth	surprise	noveno
ninth	trust	noveno
narrowing	anger	estrechamiento
narrowing	anticipation	de estrechamiento
narrowing	disgust	estrechamiento
narrowing	fear	de estrechamiento
narrowing	joy	de estrechamiento
narrowing	negative	de estrechamiento
narrowing	positive	estrechamiento
narrowing	sadness	de estrechamiento
narrowing	surprise	de estrechamiento
narrowing	trust	de estrechamiento
haulage	anger	haulage
haulage	anticipation	haulage
haulage	disgust	haulage
haulage	fear	haulage
haulage	joy	haulage
haulage	negative	haulage
haulage	positive	haulage
haulage	sadness	haulage
haulage	surprise	haulage
haulage	trust	haulage
gorilla	anger	gorila
gorilla	anticipation	de gorila
gorilla	disgust	de gorila
gorilla	fear	de gorila
gorilla	joy	gorila
gorilla	negative	de gorila
gorilla	positive	de gorila
gorilla	sadness	de gorila
gorilla	surprise	gorila
gorilla	trust	de gorila
reliance	anger	reliance
reliance	anticipation	reliance
reliance	disgust	reliance
reliance	fear	reliance
reliance	joy	reliance
reliance	negative	reliance
reliance	positive	reliance
reliance	sadness	reliance
reliance	surprise	reliance
reliance	trust	reliance
engine	anger	motor
engine	anticipation	de motor
engine	disgust	de motor
engine	fear	de motor
engine	joy	motor
engine	negative	de motor
engine	positive	de motor
engine	sadness	de motor
engine	surprise	motor
engine	trust	de motor
arson	anger	arson
arson	anticipation	arson
arson	disgust	arson
arson	fear	arson
arson	joy	arson
arson	negative	arson
arson	positive	arson
arson	sadness	arson
arson	surprise	arson
arson	trust	arson
bury	anger	enterrar
bury	anticipation	enterrar
bury	disgust	enterrar
bury	fear	enterrar
bury	joy	enterrar
bury	negative	enterrar
bury	positive	enterrar
bury	sadness	enterrar
bury	surprise	enterrar
bury	trust	enterrar
lump	anger	trozo
lump	anticipation	de trozo
lump	disgust	de trozo
lump	fear	de trozo
lump	joy	trozo
lump	negative	de trozo
lump	positive	de trozo
lump	sadness	de trozo
lump	surprise	heredero
lump	trust	de heredero
heir	anger	de trozo
heir	anticipation	de trozo
heir	disgust	heredero
heir	fear	de heredero
heir	joy	de heredero
heir	negative	de heredero
heir	positive	heredero
heir	sadness	de heredero
heir	surprise	de heredero
heir	trust	de heredero
deserved	anger	mereció
deserved	anticipation	merecido
deserved	disgust	mereció
deserved	fear	merecido
deserved	joy	mereció
deserved	negative	merecido
deserved	positive	mereció
deserved	sadness	merecido
deserved	surprise	mereció
deserved	trust	merecido
immemorial	anger	immemorial
immemorial	anticipation	immemorial
immemorial	disgust	immemorial
immemorial	fear	immemorial
immemorial	joy	immemorial
immemorial	negative	immemorial
immemorial	positive	immemorial
immemorial	sadness	immemorial
immemorial	surprise	immemorial
immemorial	trust	immemorial
complexed	anger	complexed
complexed	anticipation	complexed
complexed	disgust	complexed
complexed	fear	complexed
complexed	joy	complexed
complexed	negative	complexed
complexed	positive	complexed
complexed	sadness	complexed
complexed	surprise	complexed
complexed	trust	complexed
sordid	anger	sordid
sordid	anticipation	sordid
sordid	disgust	sordid
sordid	fear	sordid
sordid	joy	sordid
sordid	negative	sordid
sordid	positive	sordid
sordid	sadness	sordid
sordid	surprise	sordid
sordid	trust	sordid
brush	anger	cepillo
brush	anticipation	de cepillo
brush	disgust	de cepillo
brush	fear	de cepillo
brush	joy	cepillo
brush	negative	de cepillo
brush	positive	de cepillo
brush	sadness	de cepillo
brush	surprise	viabilidad
brush	trust	de viabilidad
feasibility	anger	de cepillo
feasibility	anticipation	de cepillo
feasibility	disgust	viabilidad
feasibility	fear	de viabilidad
feasibility	joy	de viabilidad
feasibility	negative	de viabilidad
feasibility	positive	viabilidad
feasibility	sadness	de viabilidad
feasibility	surprise	de viabilidad
feasibility	trust	de viabilidad
scratch	anger	arañazo
scratch	anticipation	de arañazo
scratch	disgust	de arañazo
scratch	fear	de arañazo
scratch	joy	arañazo
scratch	negative	de arañazo
scratch	positive	de arañazo
scratch	sadness	de arañazo
scratch	surprise	base
scratch	trust	de base
basis	anger	de arañazo
basis	anticipation	de arañazo
basis	disgust	base
basis	fear	de base
basis	joy	de base
basis	negative	de base
basis	positive	base
basis	sadness	de base
basis	surprise	de base
basis	trust	de base
praiseworthy	anger	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	anticipation	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	disgust	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	fear	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	joy	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	negative	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	positive	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	sadness	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	surprise	praiseworthy
praiseworthy	trust	praiseworthy
rehearsal	anger	ensayo
rehearsal	anticipation	de ensayo
rehearsal	disgust	de ensayo
rehearsal	fear	de ensayo
rehearsal	joy	ensayo
rehearsal	negative	de ensayo
rehearsal	positive	de ensayo
rehearsal	sadness	de ensayo
rehearsal	surprise	ensayo
rehearsal	trust	de ensayo
lenient	anger	lenient
lenient	anticipation	lenient
lenient	disgust	lenient
lenient	fear	lenient
lenient	joy	lenient
lenient	negative	lenient
lenient	positive	lenient
lenient	sadness	lenient
lenient	surprise	lenient
lenient	trust	lenient
kneel	anger	arrodillar
kneel	anticipation	arrodillar
kneel	disgust	arrodillar
kneel	fear	arrodillar
kneel	joy	arrodillar
kneel	negative	arrodillar
kneel	positive	arrodillar
kneel	sadness	arrodillar
kneel	surprise	arrodillar
kneel	trust	arrodillar
disfigured	anger	disfigured
disfigured	anticipation	disfigured
disfigured	disgust	disfigured
disfigured	fear	disfigured
disfigured	joy	disfigured
disfigured	negative	disfigured
disfigured	positive	disfigured
disfigured	sadness	disfigured
disfigured	surprise	disfigured
disfigured	trust	disfigured
hue	anger	hue
hue	anticipation	hue
hue	disgust	hue
hue	fear	hue
hue	joy	hue
hue	negative	hue
hue	positive	hue
hue	sadness	hue
hue	surprise	hue
hue	trust	hue
improve	anger	mejorar
improve	anticipation	mejorar
improve	disgust	mejorar
improve	fear	mejorar
improve	joy	mejorar
improve	negative	mejorar
improve	positive	mejorar
improve	sadness	mejorar
improve	surprise	mejorar
improve	trust	mejorar
desperation	anger	desperation
desperation	anticipation	desperation
desperation	disgust	desperation
desperation	fear	desperation
desperation	joy	desperation
desperation	negative	desperation
desperation	positive	desperation
desperation	sadness	desperation
desperation	surprise	desperation
desperation	trust	desperation
suspect	anger	sospechoso
suspect	anticipation	de sospechoso
suspect	disgust	de sospechoso
suspect	fear	de sospechoso
suspect	joy	sospechoso
suspect	negative	de sospechoso
suspect	positive	de sospechoso
suspect	sadness	de sospechoso
suspect	surprise	aspecto
suspect	trust	de aspecto
aspect	anger	de sospechoso
aspect	anticipation	de sospechoso
aspect	disgust	aspecto
aspect	fear	de aspecto
aspect	joy	de aspecto
aspect	negative	de aspecto
aspect	positive	aspecto
aspect	sadness	de aspecto
aspect	surprise	de aspecto
aspect	trust	de aspecto
shockingly	anger	shockingly
shockingly	anticipation	shockingly
shockingly	disgust	shockingly
shockingly	fear	shockingly
shockingly	joy	shockingly
shockingly	negative	shockingly
shockingly	positive	shockingly
shockingly	sadness	shockingly
shockingly	surprise	shockingly
shockingly	trust	shockingly
elk	anger	ante
elk	anticipation	de ante
elk	disgust	de ante
elk	fear	de ante
elk	joy	ante
elk	negative	de ante
elk	positive	de ante
elk	sadness	de ante
elk	surprise	ante
elk	trust	de ante
ulterior	anger	ulterior
ulterior	anticipation	ulterior
ulterior	disgust	ulterior
ulterior	fear	ulterior
ulterior	joy	ulterior
ulterior	negative	ulterior
ulterior	positive	ulterior
ulterior	sadness	ulterior
ulterior	surprise	ulterior
ulterior	trust	ulterior
traitor	anger	traitor
traitor	anticipation	traitor
traitor	disgust	traitor
traitor	fear	traitor
traitor	joy	traitor
traitor	negative	traitor
traitor	positive	traitor
traitor	sadness	traitor
traitor	surprise	traitor
traitor	trust	traitor
teens	anger	adolescentes
teens	anticipation	de adolescentes
teens	disgust	de adolescentes
teens	fear	de adolescentes
teens	joy	adolescentes
teens	negative	de adolescentes
teens	positive	de adolescentes
teens	sadness	de adolescentes
teens	surprise	adolescentes
teens	trust	de adolescentes
minim	anger	minim
minim	anticipation	minim
minim	disgust	minim
minim	fear	minim
minim	joy	minim
minim	negative	minim
minim	positive	minim
minim	sadness	minim
minim	surprise	minim
minim	trust	minim
infuse	anger	infuse
infuse	anticipation	infuse
infuse	disgust	infuse
infuse	fear	infuse
infuse	joy	infuse
infuse	negative	infuse
infuse	positive	infuse
infuse	sadness	infuse
infuse	surprise	infuse
infuse	trust	infuse
resources	anger	recursos
resources	anticipation	de recursos
resources	disgust	de recursos
resources	fear	de recursos
resources	joy	recursos
resources	negative	de recursos
resources	positive	de recursos
resources	sadness	de recursos
resources	surprise	recursos
resources	trust	de recursos
vagueness	anger	vagueness
vagueness	anticipation	vagueness
vagueness	disgust	vagueness
vagueness	fear	vagueness
vagueness	joy	vagueness
vagueness	negative	vagueness
vagueness	positive	vagueness
vagueness	sadness	vagueness
vagueness	surprise	vagueness
vagueness	trust	vagueness
fray	anger	refriega
fray	anticipation	de refriega
fray	disgust	de refriega
fray	fear	de refriega
fray	joy	refriega
fray	negative	de refriega
fray	positive	de refriega
fray	sadness	de refriega
fray	surprise	refriega
fray	trust	de refriega
lesbian	anger	lesbiana
lesbian	anticipation	lesbiana
lesbian	disgust	lesbiana
lesbian	fear	lesbiana
lesbian	joy	lesbiana
lesbian	negative	lesbiana
lesbian	positive	lesbiana
lesbian	sadness	lesbiana
lesbian	surprise	lesbiana
lesbian	trust	lesbiana
barely	anger	apenas
barely	anticipation	apenas
barely	disgust	apenas
barely	fear	apenas
barely	joy	apenas
barely	negative	apenas
barely	positive	apenas
barely	sadness	apenas
barely	surprise	apenas
barely	trust	apenas
journeyman	anger	journeyman
journeyman	anticipation	journeyman
journeyman	disgust	journeyman
journeyman	fear	journeyman
journeyman	joy	journeyman
journeyman	negative	journeyman
journeyman	positive	journeyman
journeyman	sadness	journeyman
journeyman	surprise	journeyman
journeyman	trust	journeyman
drape	anger	drape
drape	anticipation	drape
drape	disgust	drape
drape	fear	drape
drape	joy	drape
drape	negative	drape
drape	positive	drape
drape	sadness	drape
drape	surprise	drape
drape	trust	drape
follower	anger	adepto
follower	anticipation	adepto
follower	disgust	adepto
follower	fear	adepto
follower	joy	adepto
follower	negative	adepto
follower	positive	adepto
follower	sadness	clímax
follower	surprise	de clímax
follower	trust	adepto
climax	anger	adepto
climax	anticipation	adepto
climax	disgust	clímax
climax	fear	de clímax
climax	joy	de clímax
climax	negative	de clímax
climax	positive	clímax
climax	sadness	de clímax
climax	surprise	de clímax
climax	trust	de clímax
smoldering	anger	smoldering
smoldering	anticipation	smoldering
smoldering	disgust	smoldering
smoldering	fear	smoldering
smoldering	joy	smoldering
smoldering	negative	smoldering
smoldering	positive	smoldering
smoldering	sadness	smoldering
smoldering	surprise	smoldering
smoldering	trust	smoldering
easel	anger	easel
easel	anticipation	easel
easel	disgust	easel
easel	fear	easel
easel	joy	easel
easel	negative	easel
easel	positive	easel
easel	sadness	easel
easel	surprise	easel
easel	trust	easel
vector	anger	vector
vector	anticipation	de vector
vector	disgust	de vector
vector	fear	de vector
vector	joy	vector
vector	negative	de vector
vector	positive	de vector
vector	sadness	de vector
vector	surprise	vector
vector	trust	de vector
retraction	anger	retraction
retraction	anticipation	retraction
retraction	disgust	retraction
retraction	fear	retraction
retraction	joy	retraction
retraction	negative	retraction
retraction	positive	retraction
retraction	sadness	retraction
retraction	surprise	retraction
retraction	trust	retraction
mournful	anger	mournful
mournful	anticipation	mournful
mournful	disgust	mournful
mournful	fear	mournful
mournful	joy	mournful
mournful	negative	mournful
mournful	positive	mournful
mournful	sadness	mournful
mournful	surprise	mournful
mournful	trust	mournful
valiant	anger	valiant
valiant	anticipation	valiant
valiant	disgust	valiant
valiant	fear	valiant
valiant	joy	valiant
valiant	negative	valiant
valiant	positive	valiant
valiant	sadness	valiant
valiant	surprise	valiant
valiant	trust	valiant
thunderstorm	anger	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	anticipation	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	disgust	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	fear	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	joy	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	negative	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	positive	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	sadness	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	surprise	thunderstorm
thunderstorm	trust	thunderstorm
brag	anger	brag
brag	anticipation	brag
brag	disgust	brag
brag	fear	brag
brag	joy	brag
brag	negative	brag
brag	positive	brag
brag	sadness	brag
brag	surprise	brag
brag	trust	brag
mutiny	anger	mutiny
mutiny	anticipation	mutiny
mutiny	disgust	mutiny
mutiny	fear	mutiny
mutiny	joy	mutiny
mutiny	negative	mutiny
mutiny	positive	mutiny
mutiny	sadness	mutiny
mutiny	surprise	mutiny
mutiny	trust	mutiny
incapable	anger	incapaz
incapable	anticipation	incapaz
incapable	disgust	incapaz
incapable	fear	incapaz
incapable	joy	incapaz
incapable	negative	incapaz
incapable	positive	incapaz
incapable	sadness	incapaz
incapable	surprise	incapaz
incapable	trust	incapaz
planter	anger	planter
planter	anticipation	planter
planter	disgust	planter
planter	fear	planter
planter	joy	planter
planter	negative	planter
planter	positive	planter
planter	sadness	planter
planter	surprise	planter
planter	trust	planter
indecisive	anger	indecisive
indecisive	anticipation	indecisive
indecisive	disgust	indecisive
indecisive	fear	indecisive
indecisive	joy	indecisive
indecisive	negative	indecisive
indecisive	positive	indecisive
indecisive	sadness	indecisive
indecisive	surprise	indecisive
indecisive	trust	indecisive
fusion	anger	fusión
fusion	anticipation	de fusión
fusion	disgust	de fusión
fusion	fear	de fusión
fusion	joy	fusión
fusion	negative	de fusión
fusion	positive	de fusión
fusion	sadness	de fusión
fusion	surprise	azufre
fusion	trust	de azufre
brimstone	anger	de fusión
brimstone	anticipation	de fusión
brimstone	disgust	azufre
brimstone	fear	de azufre
brimstone	joy	de azufre
brimstone	negative	de azufre
brimstone	positive	azufre
brimstone	sadness	de azufre
brimstone	surprise	de azufre
brimstone	trust	de azufre
abba	anger	abba
abba	anticipation	abba
abba	disgust	abba
abba	fear	abba
abba	joy	abba
abba	negative	abba
abba	positive	abba
abba	sadness	abba
abba	surprise	abba
abba	trust	abba
garage	anger	garaje
garage	anticipation	de garaje
garage	disgust	de garaje
garage	fear	de garaje
garage	joy	garaje
garage	negative	de garaje
garage	positive	de garaje
garage	sadness	de garaje
garage	surprise	epilepsia
garage	trust	de epilepsia
epilepsy	anger	de garaje
epilepsy	anticipation	de garaje
epilepsy	disgust	epilepsia
epilepsy	fear	de epilepsia
epilepsy	joy	de epilepsia
epilepsy	negative	de epilepsia
epilepsy	positive	epilepsia
epilepsy	sadness	de epilepsia
epilepsy	surprise	de epilepsia
epilepsy	trust	de epilepsia
adjustment	anger	ajustamiento
adjustment	anticipation	de ajustamiento
adjustment	disgust	de ajustamiento
adjustment	fear	de ajustamiento
adjustment	joy	ajustamiento
adjustment	negative	de ajustamiento
adjustment	positive	de ajustamiento
adjustment	sadness	de ajustamiento
adjustment	surprise	ajustamiento
adjustment	trust	de ajustamiento que
laughing	anger	ríe
laughing	anticipation	riendo
laughing	disgust	riendo
laughing	fear	riendo
laughing	joy	riendo
laughing	negative	riendo
laughing	positive	riendo
laughing	sadness	riendo
laughing	surprise	riendo
laughing	trust	riendo
reflux	anger	reflux
reflux	anticipation	reflux
reflux	disgust	reflux
reflux	fear	reflux
reflux	joy	reflux
reflux	negative	reflux
reflux	positive	reflux
reflux	sadness	reflux
reflux	surprise	reflux
reflux	trust	reflux
razor	anger	navaja
razor	anticipation	de navaja
razor	disgust	de navaja
razor	fear	de navaja
razor	joy	navaja
razor	negative	de navaja
razor	positive	de navaja
razor	sadness	de navaja
razor	surprise	navaja
razor	trust	de navaja
titled	anger	tituló
titled	anticipation	titulada
titled	disgust	tituló
titled	fear	titulado
titled	joy	tituló
titled	negative	titulado
titled	positive	tituló
titled	sadness	titulado
titled	surprise	tituló
titled	trust	plexo
plexus	anger	de plexo
plexus	anticipation	de plexo
plexus	disgust	titulado
plexus	fear	plexo
plexus	joy	de plexo
plexus	negative	de plexo
plexus	positive	de plexo
plexus	sadness	plexo
plexus	surprise	de plexo
plexus	trust	del plexo
merry	anger	alegre
merry	anticipation	alegre
merry	disgust	alegre
merry	fear	alegre
merry	joy	alegre
merry	negative	alegre
merry	positive	alegre
merry	sadness	alegre
merry	surprise	alegre
merry	trust	alegre
endemic	anger	endémico
endemic	anticipation	endémico
endemic	disgust	endémico
endemic	fear	endémico
endemic	joy	endémico
endemic	negative	endémico
endemic	positive	endémico
endemic	sadness	endémico
endemic	surprise	endémico
endemic	trust	endémico
exhausted	anger	agotó
exhausted	anticipation	agotado
exhausted	disgust	agotó
exhausted	fear	agotado
exhausted	joy	agotó
exhausted	negative	agotado
exhausted	positive	agotó
exhausted	sadness	agotado
exhausted	surprise	agotó
exhausted	trust	agotado
deduce	anger	deducir
deduce	anticipation	deducir
deduce	disgust	deducir
deduce	fear	deducir
deduce	joy	deducir
deduce	negative	deducir
deduce	positive	deducir
deduce	sadness	deducir
deduce	surprise	deducir
deduce	trust	deducir
variation	anger	variación
variation	anticipation	de variación
variation	disgust	de variación
variation	fear	de variación
variation	joy	variación
variation	negative	de variación
variation	positive	de variación
variation	sadness	de variación
variation	surprise	reprensión
variation	trust	de reprensión
rebuke	anger	de variación
rebuke	anticipation	de variación
rebuke	disgust	reprensión
rebuke	fear	de reprensión
rebuke	joy	de reprensión
rebuke	negative	de reprensión
rebuke	positive	reprensión
rebuke	sadness	de reprensión
rebuke	surprise	de reprensión
rebuke	trust	de reprensión
flywheel	anger	flywheel
flywheel	anticipation	flywheel
flywheel	disgust	flywheel
flywheel	fear	flywheel
flywheel	joy	flywheel
flywheel	negative	flywheel
flywheel	positive	flywheel
flywheel	sadness	flywheel
flywheel	surprise	flywheel
flywheel	trust	flywheel
senate	anger	senado
senate	anticipation	de senado
senate	disgust	de senado
senate	fear	de senado
senate	joy	senado
senate	negative	de senado
senate	positive	de senado
senate	sadness	de senado
senate	surprise	senado
senate	trust	de senado
riveted	anger	riveted
riveted	anticipation	riveted
riveted	disgust	riveted
riveted	fear	riveted
riveted	joy	riveted
riveted	negative	riveted
riveted	positive	riveted
riveted	sadness	riveted
riveted	surprise	riveted
riveted	trust	riveted
infant	anger	niño
infant	anticipation	de niño
infant	disgust	de niño
infant	fear	de niño
infant	joy	niño
infant	negative	de niño
infant	positive	de niño
infant	sadness	de niño
infant	surprise	carrera
infant	trust	de carrera
career	anger	de niño
career	anticipation	de niño
career	disgust	carrera
career	fear	de carrera
career	joy	de carrera
career	negative	de carrera
career	positive	carrera
career	sadness	de carrera
career	surprise	de carrera
career	trust	de carrera
yearning	anger	anhelo
yearning	anticipation	de anhelo
yearning	disgust	de anhelo
yearning	fear	de anhelo
yearning	joy	anhelo
yearning	negative	de anhelo
yearning	positive	de anhelo
yearning	sadness	de anhelo
yearning	surprise	sustitución
yearning	trust	de sustitución
substitution	anger	de anhelo
substitution	anticipation	de anhelo
substitution	disgust	sustitución
substitution	fear	de sustitución
substitution	joy	de sustitución
substitution	negative	de sustitución
substitution	positive	sustitución
substitution	sadness	de sustitución
substitution	surprise	de sustitución
substitution	trust	de sustitución
resection	anger	resection
resection	anticipation	resection
resection	disgust	resection
resection	fear	resection
resection	joy	resection
resection	negative	resection
resection	positive	resection
resection	sadness	resection
resection	surprise	resection
resection	trust	resection
enthusiast	anger	entusiasta
enthusiast	anticipation	de entusiasta
enthusiast	disgust	de entusiasta
enthusiast	fear	de entusiasta
enthusiast	joy	entusiasta
enthusiast	negative	de entusiasta
enthusiast	positive	de entusiasta
enthusiast	sadness	de entusiasta
enthusiast	surprise	entusiasta
enthusiast	trust	de entusiasta
accurate	anger	cuidadoso
accurate	anticipation	cuidadoso
accurate	disgust	cuidadoso
accurate	fear	cuidadoso
accurate	joy	cuidadoso
accurate	negative	cuidadoso
accurate	positive	cuidadoso
accurate	sadness	cuidadoso
accurate	surprise	cuidadoso
accurate	trust	cuidadoso
insufficiently	anger	insuficientemente
insufficiently	anticipation	insuficientemente
insufficiently	disgust	insuficientemente
insufficiently	fear	insuficientemente
insufficiently	joy	insuficientemente
insufficiently	negative	insuficientemente
insufficiently	positive	insuficientemente
insufficiently	sadness	insuficientemente
insufficiently	surprise	insuficientemente
insufficiently	trust	insuficientemente
disregard	anger	desatender
disregard	anticipation	desatender
disregard	disgust	desatender
disregard	fear	desatender
disregard	joy	desatender
disregard	negative	desatender
disregard	positive	desatender
disregard	sadness	desatender
disregard	surprise	desatender
disregard	trust	desatender
miter	anger	miter
miter	anticipation	miter
miter	disgust	miter
miter	fear	miter
miter	joy	miter
miter	negative	miter
miter	positive	miter
miter	sadness	miter
miter	surprise	miter
miter	trust	miter
terrific	anger	fabuloso
terrific	anticipation	fabuloso
terrific	disgust	fabuloso
terrific	fear	fabuloso
terrific	joy	fabuloso
terrific	negative	fabuloso
terrific	positive	fabuloso
terrific	sadness	fabuloso
terrific	surprise	fabuloso
terrific	trust	fabuloso
averse	anger	averse
averse	anticipation	averse
averse	disgust	averse
averse	fear	averse
averse	joy	averse
averse	negative	averse
averse	positive	averse
averse	sadness	averse
averse	surprise	averse
averse	trust	averse
remove	anger	sacar
remove	anticipation	sacar
remove	disgust	sacar
remove	fear	sacar
remove	joy	sacar
remove	negative	sacar
remove	positive	sacar
remove	sadness	sacar
remove	surprise	sacar
remove	trust	sacar
scribble	anger	scribble
scribble	anticipation	scribble
scribble	disgust	scribble
scribble	fear	scribble
scribble	joy	scribble
scribble	negative	scribble
scribble	positive	scribble
scribble	sadness	scribble
scribble	surprise	scribble
scribble	trust	scribble
rekindle	anger	rekindle
rekindle	anticipation	rekindle
rekindle	disgust	rekindle
rekindle	fear	rekindle
rekindle	joy	rekindle
rekindle	negative	rekindle
rekindle	positive	rekindle
rekindle	sadness	rekindle
rekindle	surprise	rekindle
rekindle	trust	rekindle
ocarina	anger	ocarina
ocarina	anticipation	de ocarina
ocarina	disgust	de ocarina
ocarina	fear	de ocarina
ocarina	joy	ocarina
ocarina	negative	de ocarina
ocarina	positive	de ocarina
ocarina	sadness	de ocarina
ocarina	surprise	himno
ocarina	trust	de himno
anthem	anger	de ocarina
anthem	anticipation	de ocarina
anthem	disgust	himno
anthem	fear	de himno
anthem	joy	de himno
anthem	negative	de himno
anthem	positive	himno
anthem	sadness	de himno
anthem	surprise	de himno
anthem	trust	de himno
uninterested	anger	uninterested
uninterested	anticipation	uninterested
uninterested	disgust	uninterested
uninterested	fear	uninterested
uninterested	joy	uninterested
uninterested	negative	uninterested
uninterested	positive	uninterested
uninterested	sadness	uninterested
uninterested	surprise	uninterested
uninterested	trust	uninterested
moan	anger	gemido
moan	anticipation	de gemido
moan	disgust	de gemido
moan	fear	de gemido
moan	joy	gemido
moan	negative	de gemido
moan	positive	de gemido
moan	sadness	de gemido
moan	surprise	gemido
moan	trust	de gemido
liberal	anger	liberal
liberal	anticipation	liberal
liberal	disgust	liberal
liberal	fear	liberal
liberal	joy	liberal
liberal	negative	liberal
liberal	positive	liberal
liberal	sadness	liberal
liberal	surprise	liberal
liberal	trust	liberal
emerge	anger	emerger
emerge	anticipation	emerger
emerge	disgust	emerger
emerge	fear	emerger
emerge	joy	emerger
emerge	negative	emerger
emerge	positive	emerger
emerge	sadness	emerger
emerge	surprise	emerger
emerge	trust	emerger
changer	anger	changer
changer	anticipation	changer
changer	disgust	changer
changer	fear	changer
changer	joy	changer
changer	negative	changer
changer	positive	changer
changer	sadness	changer
changer	surprise	changer
changer	trust	changer
hump	anger	montículo
hump	anticipation	de montículo
hump	disgust	de montículo
hump	fear	de montículo
hump	joy	montículo
hump	negative	de montículo
hump	positive	de montículo
hump	sadness	de montículo
hump	surprise	montículo
hump	trust	de montículo
erst	anger	erst
erst	anticipation	erst
erst	disgust	erst
erst	fear	erst
erst	joy	erst
erst	negative	erst
erst	positive	erst
erst	sadness	erst
erst	surprise	erst
erst	trust	erst
unopened	anger	unopened
unopened	anticipation	unopened
unopened	disgust	unopened
unopened	fear	unopened
unopened	joy	unopened
unopened	negative	unopened
unopened	positive	unopened
unopened	sadness	unopened
unopened	surprise	unopened
unopened	trust	unopened
savvy	anger	savvy
savvy	anticipation	savvy
savvy	disgust	savvy
savvy	fear	savvy
savvy	joy	savvy
savvy	negative	savvy
savvy	positive	savvy
savvy	sadness	savvy
savvy	surprise	savvy
savvy	trust	savvy
scattering	anger	esparciendo
scattering	anticipation	esparciendo
scattering	disgust	esparciendo
scattering	fear	esparciendo
scattering	joy	esparciendo
scattering	negative	esparciendo
scattering	positive	esparciendo
scattering	sadness	esparciendo
scattering	surprise	esparciendo
scattering	trust	esparciendo
decanter	anger	decantador
decanter	anticipation	de decantador
decanter	disgust	de decantador
decanter	fear	de decantador
decanter	joy	decantador
decanter	negative	de decantador
decanter	positive	de decantador
decanter	sadness	de decantador
decanter	surprise	decantador
decanter	trust	de decantador
durable	anger	duradero
durable	anticipation	duradero
durable	disgust	duradero
durable	fear	duradero
durable	joy	duradero
durable	negative	duradero
durable	positive	duradero
durable	sadness	duradero
durable	surprise	duradero
durable	trust	duradero
unsatisfactory	anger	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	anticipation	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	disgust	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	fear	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	joy	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	negative	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	positive	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	sadness	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	surprise	insatisfactorio
unsatisfactory	trust	insatisfactorio
cosmetic	anger	cosmético
cosmetic	anticipation	cosmético
cosmetic	disgust	cosmético
cosmetic	fear	cosmético
cosmetic	joy	cosmético
cosmetic	negative	cosmético
cosmetic	positive	cosmético
cosmetic	sadness	cosmético
cosmetic	surprise	cosmético
cosmetic	trust	cosmético
intense	anger	intenso
intense	anticipation	intenso
intense	disgust	intenso
intense	fear	intenso
intense	joy	intenso
intense	negative	intenso
intense	positive	intenso
intense	sadness	intenso
intense	surprise	intenso
intense	trust	intenso
guile	anger	guile
guile	anticipation	guile
guile	disgust	guile
guile	fear	guile
guile	joy	guile
guile	negative	guile
guile	positive	guile
guile	sadness	guile
guile	surprise	guile
guile	trust	guile
shift	anger	cambio
shift	anticipation	de cambio
shift	disgust	de cambio
shift	fear	de cambio
shift	joy	cambio
shift	negative	de cambio
shift	positive	de cambio
shift	sadness	de cambio
shift	surprise	céntimo
shift	trust	de céntimo
cent	anger	de cambio
cent	anticipation	de cambio
cent	disgust	céntimo
cent	fear	de céntimo
cent	joy	de céntimo
cent	negative	de céntimo
cent	positive	céntimo
cent	sadness	de céntimo
cent	surprise	de céntimo
cent	trust	de céntimo
slur	anger	calumnia
slur	anticipation	de calumnia
slur	disgust	de calumnia
slur	fear	de calumnia
slur	joy	calumnia
slur	negative	de calumnia
slur	positive	de calumnia
slur	sadness	de calumnia
slur	surprise	mente
slur	trust	de mente
mind	anger	de calumnia
mind	anticipation	de calumnia
mind	disgust	mente
mind	fear	de mente
mind	joy	de mente
mind	negative	de mente
mind	positive	mente
mind	sadness	de mente
mind	surprise	de mente
mind	trust	de mente
creative	anger	creativa
creative	anticipation	creativo
creative	disgust	creativo
creative	fear	creativo
creative	joy	creativo
creative	negative	creativo
creative	positive	creativo
creative	sadness	afirmación
creative	surprise	de afirmación
creative	trust	creativa
affirmation	anger	creativa
affirmation	anticipation	creativa
affirmation	disgust	afirmación
affirmation	fear	de afirmación
affirmation	joy	de afirmación
affirmation	negative	de afirmación
affirmation	positive	afirmación
affirmation	sadness	de afirmación
affirmation	surprise	de afirmación
affirmation	trust	de afirmación
proximity	anger	proximity
proximity	anticipation	proximity
proximity	disgust	proximity
proximity	fear	proximity
proximity	joy	proximity
proximity	negative	proximity
proximity	positive	proximity
proximity	sadness	proximity
proximity	surprise	proximity
proximity	trust	proximity
immaturity	anger	inmadurez
immaturity	anticipation	de inmadurez
immaturity	disgust	de inmadurez
immaturity	fear	de inmadurez
immaturity	joy	inmadurez
immaturity	negative	de inmadurez
immaturity	positive	de inmadurez
immaturity	sadness	de inmadurez
immaturity	surprise	inmadurez
immaturity	trust	de inmadurez
offing	anger	offing
offing	anticipation	offing
offing	disgust	offing
offing	fear	offing
offing	joy	offing
offing	negative	offing
offing	positive	offing
offing	sadness	offing
offing	surprise	offing
offing	trust	offing
impeccable	anger	impeccable
impeccable	anticipation	impeccable
impeccable	disgust	impeccable
impeccable	fear	impeccable
impeccable	joy	impeccable
impeccable	negative	impeccable
impeccable	positive	impeccable
impeccable	sadness	impeccable
impeccable	surprise	impeccable
impeccable	trust	impeccable
gummy	anger	gummy
gummy	anticipation	gummy
gummy	disgust	gummy
gummy	fear	gummy
gummy	joy	gummy
gummy	negative	gummy
gummy	positive	gummy
gummy	sadness	gummy
gummy	surprise	gummy
gummy	trust	gummy
decorate	anger	decorar
decorate	anticipation	decorar
decorate	disgust	decorar
decorate	fear	decorar
decorate	joy	decorar
decorate	negative	decorar
decorate	positive	decorar
decorate	sadness	decorar
decorate	surprise	decorar
decorate	trust	decorar
corrupt	anger	corrupto
corrupt	anticipation	corrupto
corrupt	disgust	corrupto
corrupt	fear	corrupto
corrupt	joy	corrupto
corrupt	negative	corrupto
corrupt	positive	corrupto
corrupt	sadness	patronaje
corrupt	surprise	de patronaje
corrupt	trust	corrupto
patronage	anger	corrupto
patronage	anticipation	corrupto
patronage	disgust	patronaje
patronage	fear	de patronaje
patronage	joy	de patronaje
patronage	negative	de patronaje
patronage	positive	patronaje
patronage	sadness	de patronaje
patronage	surprise	de patronaje
patronage	trust	de patronaje
forge	anger	forja
forge	anticipation	forjar
forge	disgust	forjar
forge	fear	forjar
forge	joy	forjar
forge	negative	forjar
forge	positive	forjar
forge	sadness	forjar
forge	surprise	forjar
forge	trust	forjar
doit	anger	doit
doit	anticipation	doit
doit	disgust	doit
doit	fear	doit
doit	joy	doit
doit	negative	doit
doit	positive	doit
doit	sadness	doit
doit	surprise	doit
doit	trust	doit
parentage	anger	parentage
parentage	anticipation	parentage
parentage	disgust	parentage
parentage	fear	parentage
parentage	joy	parentage
parentage	negative	parentage
parentage	positive	parentage
parentage	sadness	parentage
parentage	surprise	parentage
parentage	trust	parentage
morals	anger	moral
morals	anticipation	de moral
morals	disgust	de moral
morals	fear	de moral
morals	joy	moral
morals	negative	de moral
morals	positive	de moral
morals	sadness	de moral
morals	surprise	moral
morals	trust	de moral
older	anger	más vieja
older	anticipation	más viejo
older	disgust	más viejo
older	fear	más viejo
older	joy	más viejo
older	negative	más viejo
older	positive	más viejo
older	sadness	más viejo
older	surprise	más viejo
older	trust	más viejo
bending	anger	doblando
bending	anticipation	doblando
bending	disgust	doblando
bending	fear	doblando
bending	joy	doblando
bending	negative	doblando
bending	positive	doblando
bending	sadness	doblando
bending	surprise	doblando
bending	trust	doblando
ordinary	anger	normal
ordinary	anticipation	normal
ordinary	disgust	normal
ordinary	fear	normal
ordinary	joy	normal
ordinary	negative	normal
ordinary	positive	normal
ordinary	sadness	murciélago
ordinary	surprise	de murciélago
ordinary	trust	normal
bat	anger	normal
bat	anticipation	normal
bat	disgust	murciélago
bat	fear	de murciélago
bat	joy	de murciélago
bat	negative	de murciélago
bat	positive	murciélago
bat	sadness	de murciélago
bat	surprise	de murciélago
bat	trust	de murciélago
auburn	anger	auburn
auburn	anticipation	auburn
auburn	disgust	auburn
auburn	fear	auburn
auburn	joy	auburn
auburn	negative	auburn
auburn	positive	auburn
auburn	sadness	auburn
auburn	surprise	auburn
auburn	trust	auburn
nickname	anger	apodo
nickname	anticipation	de apodo
nickname	disgust	de apodo
nickname	fear	de apodo
nickname	joy	apodo
nickname	negative	de apodo
nickname	positive	de apodo
nickname	sadness	de apodo
nickname	surprise	tribu
nickname	trust	de tribu
tribe	anger	de apodo
tribe	anticipation	de apodo
tribe	disgust	tribu
tribe	fear	de tribu
tribe	joy	de tribu
tribe	negative	de tribu
tribe	positive	tribu
tribe	sadness	de tribu
tribe	surprise	de tribu
tribe	trust	de tribu
extrinsic	anger	extrinsic
extrinsic	anticipation	extrinsic
extrinsic	disgust	extrinsic
extrinsic	fear	extrinsic
extrinsic	joy	extrinsic
extrinsic	negative	extrinsic
extrinsic	positive	extrinsic
extrinsic	sadness	extrinsic
extrinsic	surprise	extrinsic
extrinsic	trust	extrinsic
segregation	anger	segregación
segregation	anticipation	de segregación
segregation	disgust	de segregación
segregation	fear	de segregación
segregation	joy	segregación
segregation	negative	de segregación
segregation	positive	de segregación
segregation	sadness	de segregación
segregation	surprise	gimnasio
segregation	trust	de gimnasio
gymnasium	anger	de segregación
gymnasium	anticipation	de segregación
gymnasium	disgust	gimnasio
gymnasium	fear	de gimnasio
gymnasium	joy	de gimnasio
gymnasium	negative	de gimnasio
gymnasium	positive	gimnasio
gymnasium	sadness	de gimnasio
gymnasium	surprise	de gimnasio
gymnasium	trust	de gimnasio
award	anger	premio
award	anticipation	de premio
award	disgust	de premio
award	fear	de premio
award	joy	premio
award	negative	de premio
award	positive	de premio
award	sadness	de premio
award	surprise	premio
award	trust	de premio
sleek	anger	lustroso
sleek	anticipation	lustroso
sleek	disgust	lustroso
sleek	fear	lustroso
sleek	joy	lustroso
sleek	negative	lustroso
sleek	positive	lustroso
sleek	sadness	importación
sleek	surprise	de importación
sleek	trust	lustrosa
import	anger	lustrosa
import	anticipation	lustrosa
import	disgust	importación
import	fear	de importación
import	joy	de importación
import	negative	de importación
import	positive	importación
import	sadness	de importación
import	surprise	de importación
import	trust	de importación
caper	anger	alcaparra
caper	anticipation	de alcaparra
caper	disgust	de alcaparra
caper	fear	de alcaparra
caper	joy	alcaparra
caper	negative	de alcaparra
caper	positive	de alcaparra
caper	sadness	de alcaparra
caper	surprise	alcaparra
caper	trust	de alcaparra
unending	anger	unending
unending	anticipation	unending
unending	disgust	unending
unending	fear	unending
unending	joy	unending
unending	negative	unending
unending	positive	unending
unending	sadness	unending
unending	surprise	unending
unending	trust	unending
alley	anger	callejón
alley	anticipation	de callejón
alley	disgust	de callejón
alley	fear	de callejón
alley	joy	callejón
alley	negative	de callejón
alley	positive	de callejón
alley	sadness	de callejón
alley	surprise	callejón
alley	trust	de callejón
transplant	anger	trasplanta
transplant	anticipation	trasplantar
transplant	disgust	trasplantar
transplant	fear	trasplantar
transplant	joy	trasplantar
transplant	negative	trasplantar
transplant	positive	trasplantar
transplant	sadness	trasplantar
transplant	surprise	trasplantar
transplant	trust	trasplantar
dishonor	anger	deshonor
dishonor	anticipation	de deshonor
dishonor	disgust	de deshonor
dishonor	fear	de deshonor
dishonor	joy	deshonor
dishonor	negative	de deshonor
dishonor	positive	de deshonor
dishonor	sadness	de deshonor
dishonor	surprise	deshonor
dishonor	trust	de deshonor
capricious	anger	capricious
capricious	anticipation	capricious
capricious	disgust	capricious
capricious	fear	capricious
capricious	joy	capricious
capricious	negative	capricious
capricious	positive	capricious
capricious	sadness	capricious
capricious	surprise	capricious
capricious	trust	capricious
manual	anger	manual
manual	anticipation	manual
manual	disgust	manual
manual	fear	manual
manual	joy	manual
manual	negative	manual
manual	positive	manual
manual	sadness	destrucción
manual	surprise	de destrucción
manual	trust	manual
destruction	anger	manual
destruction	anticipation	manual
destruction	disgust	destrucción
destruction	fear	de destrucción
destruction	joy	de destrucción
destruction	negative	de destrucción
destruction	positive	destrucción
destruction	sadness	de destrucción
destruction	surprise	de destrucción
destruction	trust	de destrucción
unsavory	anger	unsavory
unsavory	anticipation	unsavory
unsavory	disgust	unsavory
unsavory	fear	unsavory
unsavory	joy	unsavory
unsavory	negative	unsavory
unsavory	positive	unsavory
unsavory	sadness	unsavory
unsavory	surprise	unsavory
unsavory	trust	unsavory
sepsis	anger	sepsis
sepsis	anticipation	de sepsis
sepsis	disgust	de sepsis
sepsis	fear	de sepsis
sepsis	joy	sepsis
sepsis	negative	de sepsis
sepsis	positive	de sepsis
sepsis	sadness	de sepsis
sepsis	surprise	postre
sepsis	trust	de postre
dessert	anger	de sepsis
dessert	anticipation	de sepsis
dessert	disgust	postre
dessert	fear	de postre
dessert	joy	de postre
dessert	negative	de postre
dessert	positive	postre
dessert	sadness	de postre
dessert	surprise	de postre
dessert	trust	de postre
bloodhound	anger	bloodhound
bloodhound	anticipation	bloodhound
bloodhound	disgust	bloodhound
bloodhound	fear	bloodhound
bloodhound	joy	bloodhound
bloodhound	negative	bloodhound
bloodhound	positive	bloodhound
bloodhound	sadness	bloodhound
bloodhound	surprise	bloodhound
bloodhound	trust	bloodhound
anchor	anger	ancla
anchor	anticipation	de ancla
anchor	disgust	de ancla
anchor	fear	de ancla
anchor	joy	ancla
anchor	negative	de ancla
anchor	positive	de ancla
anchor	sadness	de ancla
anchor	surprise	ancla
anchor	trust	de ancla
apt	anger	apta
apt	anticipation	apto
apt	disgust	apto
apt	fear	apto
apt	joy	apto
apt	negative	apto
apt	positive	apto
apt	sadness	plátano
apt	surprise	de plátano
apt	trust	apto
banana	anger	apto
banana	anticipation	apto
banana	disgust	plátano
banana	fear	de plátano
banana	joy	de plátano
banana	negative	de plátano
banana	positive	plátano
banana	sadness	de plátano
banana	surprise	de plátano
banana	trust	de plátano
alliance	anger	alianza
alliance	anticipation	de alianza
alliance	disgust	de alianza
alliance	fear	de alianza
alliance	joy	alianza
alliance	negative	de alianza
alliance	positive	de alianza
alliance	sadness	de alianza
alliance	surprise	alianza
alliance	trust	de alianza que
lengthening	anger	alarga
lengthening	anticipation	alargando
lengthening	disgust	alargando
lengthening	fear	alargando
lengthening	joy	alargando
lengthening	negative	alargando
lengthening	positive	alargando
lengthening	sadness	alargando
lengthening	surprise	alargando
lengthening	trust	alargando
interruption	anger	interrupción
interruption	anticipation	de interrupción
interruption	disgust	de interrupción
interruption	fear	de interrupción
interruption	joy	interrupción
interruption	negative	de interrupción
interruption	positive	de interrupción
interruption	sadness	de interrupción
interruption	surprise	rotura
interruption	trust	de rotura
break	anger	de interrupción
break	anticipation	de interrupción
break	disgust	rotura
break	fear	de rotura
break	joy	de rotura
break	negative	de rotura
break	positive	rotura
break	sadness	de rotura
break	surprise	de rotura
break	trust	de rotura que
lowering	anger	baja
lowering	anticipation	bajando
lowering	disgust	bajando
lowering	fear	bajando
lowering	joy	bajando
lowering	negative	bajando
lowering	positive	bajando
lowering	sadness	bajando
lowering	surprise	bajando
lowering	trust	bajando
commander	anger	comandante
commander	anticipation	de comandante
commander	disgust	de comandante
commander	fear	de comandante
commander	joy	comandante
commander	negative	de comandante
commander	positive	de comandante
commander	sadness	de comandante
commander	surprise	comandante
commander	trust	de comandante
frighten	anger	asusta
frighten	anticipation	asustar
frighten	disgust	asustar
frighten	fear	asustar
frighten	joy	asustar
frighten	negative	asustar
frighten	positive	asustar
frighten	sadness	asustar
frighten	surprise	asustar
frighten	trust	asustar
twins	anger	los gemelos
twins	anticipation	hermana
twins	disgust	los gemelos
twins	fear	hermana
twins	joy	los gemelos
twins	negative	hermana
twins	positive	los gemelos
twins	sadness	hermana
twins	surprise	los gemelos
twins	trust	hermana
constitutionality	anger	constitucionalidad
constitutionality	anticipation	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	disgust	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	fear	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	joy	constitucionalidad
constitutionality	negative	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	positive	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	sadness	de constitucionalidad
constitutionality	surprise	constitucionalidad
constitutionality	trust	de constitucionalidad
treasury	anger	treasury
treasury	anticipation	treasury
treasury	disgust	treasury
treasury	fear	treasury
treasury	joy	treasury
treasury	negative	treasury
treasury	positive	treasury
treasury	sadness	treasury
treasury	surprise	treasury
treasury	trust	treasury
reef	anger	arrecife
reef	anticipation	de arrecife
reef	disgust	de arrecife
reef	fear	de arrecife
reef	joy	arrecife
reef	negative	de arrecife
reef	positive	de arrecife
reef	sadness	de arrecife
reef	surprise	arrecife
reef	trust	de arrecife
interlocutory	anger	interlocutorio
interlocutory	anticipation	interlocutorio
interlocutory	disgust	interlocutorio
interlocutory	fear	interlocutorio
interlocutory	joy	interlocutorio
interlocutory	negative	interlocutorio
interlocutory	positive	interlocutorio
interlocutory	sadness	guante
interlocutory	surprise	de guante
interlocutory	trust	interlocutorio
glove	anger	interlocutorio
glove	anticipation	interlocutorio
glove	disgust	guante
glove	fear	de guante
glove	joy	de guante
glove	negative	de guante
glove	positive	guante
glove	sadness	de guante
glove	surprise	de guante
glove	trust	de guante
weapon	anger	arma
weapon	anticipation	de arma
weapon	disgust	de arma
weapon	fear	de arma
weapon	joy	arma
weapon	negative	de arma
weapon	positive	de arma
weapon	sadness	de arma
weapon	surprise	arma
weapon	trust	de arma
edging	anger	edging
edging	anticipation	
edging	disgust	edging
edging	fear	edging
edging	joy	edging
edging	negative	edging
edging	positive	edging
edging	sadness	edging
edging	surprise	edging
edging	trust	edging
notwithstanding	anger	edging
notwithstanding	anticipation	notwithstanding notwithstanding
notwithstanding	disgust	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	fear	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	joy	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	negative	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	positive	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	sadness	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	surprise	notwithstanding
notwithstanding	trust	notwithstanding
mathematician	anger	matemático
mathematician	anticipation	de matemático
mathematician	disgust	de matemático
mathematician	fear	de matemático
mathematician	joy	matemático
mathematician	negative	de matemático
mathematician	positive	de matemático
mathematician	sadness	de matemático
mathematician	surprise	barbarismo
mathematician	trust	de barbarismo
barbarism	anger	de matemático
barbarism	anticipation	de matemático
barbarism	disgust	barbarismo
barbarism	fear	de barbarismo
barbarism	joy	de barbarismo
barbarism	negative	de barbarismo
barbarism	positive	barbarismo
barbarism	sadness	de barbarismo
barbarism	surprise	de barbarismo
barbarism	trust	de barbarismo
ergo	anger	ergo
ergo	anticipation	ergo
ergo	disgust	ergo
ergo	fear	ergo
ergo	joy	ergo
ergo	negative	ergo
ergo	positive	ergo
ergo	sadness	ergo
ergo	surprise	ergo
ergo	trust	ergo
lower	anger	más bajo
lower	anticipation	más bajo
lower	disgust	más bajo
lower	fear	más bajo
lower	joy	más bajo
lower	negative	más bajo
lower	positive	más bajo
lower	sadness	espuma
lower	surprise	de espuma
lower	trust	más baja
foam	anger	más baja
foam	anticipation	más baja
foam	disgust	espuma
foam	fear	de espuma
foam	joy	de espuma
foam	negative	de espuma
foam	positive	espuma
foam	sadness	de espuma
foam	surprise	de espuma
foam	trust	de espuma
contracted	anger	contrajo
contracted	anticipation	contraída
contracted	disgust	contrajo
contracted	fear	contraído
contracted	joy	contrajo
contracted	negative	contraído
contracted	positive	contrajo
contracted	sadness	contraído
contracted	surprise	contrajo
contracted	trust	intruso
intruder	anger	de intruso
intruder	anticipation	de intruso
intruder	disgust	contraído
intruder	fear	intruso
intruder	joy	de intruso
intruder	negative	de intruso
intruder	positive	de intruso
intruder	sadness	intruso
intruder	surprise	de intruso
intruder	trust	del intruso
lipstick	anger	lipstick
lipstick	anticipation	lipstick
lipstick	disgust	lipstick
lipstick	fear	lipstick
lipstick	joy	lipstick
lipstick	negative	lipstick
lipstick	positive	lipstick
lipstick	sadness	lipstick
lipstick	surprise	lipstick
lipstick	trust	lipstick
diarrhoea	anger	diarrea
diarrhoea	anticipation	de diarrea
diarrhoea	disgust	de diarrea
diarrhoea	fear	de diarrea
diarrhoea	joy	diarrea
diarrhoea	negative	de diarrea
diarrhoea	positive	de diarrea
diarrhoea	sadness	de diarrea
diarrhoea	surprise	diarrea
diarrhoea	trust	de diarrea
specific	anger	específica
specific	anticipation	específico
specific	disgust	específico
specific	fear	específico
specific	joy	específico
specific	negative	específico
specific	positive	específico
specific	sadness	específico
specific	surprise	específico
specific	trust	específico
makeshift	anger	makeshift
makeshift	anticipation	makeshift
makeshift	disgust	makeshift
makeshift	fear	makeshift
makeshift	joy	makeshift
makeshift	negative	makeshift
makeshift	positive	makeshift
makeshift	sadness	makeshift
makeshift	surprise	makeshift
makeshift	trust	makeshift
dispensation	anger	administración
dispensation	anticipation	de administración
dispensation	disgust	de administración
dispensation	fear	de administración
dispensation	joy	administración
dispensation	negative	de administración
dispensation	positive	de administración
dispensation	sadness	de administración
dispensation	surprise	cucharón
dispensation	trust	de cucharón
ladle	anger	de administración
ladle	anticipation	de administración
ladle	disgust	cucharón
ladle	fear	de cucharón
ladle	joy	de cucharón
ladle	negative	de cucharón
ladle	positive	cucharón
ladle	sadness	de cucharón
ladle	surprise	de cucharón
ladle	trust	de cucharón
physics	anger	física
physics	anticipation	de física
physics	disgust	de física
physics	fear	de física
physics	joy	física
physics	negative	de física
physics	positive	de física
physics	sadness	de física
physics	surprise	cielos
physics	trust	de cielos
heavens	anger	de física
heavens	anticipation	de física
heavens	disgust	cielos
heavens	fear	de cielos
heavens	joy	de cielos
heavens	negative	de cielos
heavens	positive	cielos
heavens	sadness	de cielos
heavens	surprise	de cielos
heavens	trust	de cielos
design	anger	diseño
design	anticipation	de diseño
design	disgust	de diseño
design	fear	de diseño
design	joy	diseño
design	negative	de diseño
design	positive	de diseño
design	sadness	de diseño
design	surprise	diseño
design	trust	de diseño
resign	anger	dimite
resign	anticipation	dimitir
resign	disgust	dimitir
resign	fear	dimitir
resign	joy	dimitir
resign	negative	dimitir
resign	positive	dimitir
resign	sadness	dimitir
resign	surprise	dimitir
resign	trust	dimitir
underestimate	anger	underestimate
underestimate	anticipation	underestimate
underestimate	disgust	underestimate
underestimate	fear	underestimate
underestimate	joy	underestimate
underestimate	negative	underestimate
underestimate	positive	underestimate
underestimate	sadness	underestimate
underestimate	surprise	underestimate
underestimate	trust	underestimate
indigent	anger	indigent
indigent	anticipation	indigent
indigent	disgust	indigent
indigent	fear	indigent
indigent	joy	indigent
indigent	negative	indigent
indigent	positive	indigent
indigent	sadness	indigent
indigent	surprise	indigent
indigent	trust	indigent
instruct	anger	instruir
instruct	anticipation	instruir
instruct	disgust	instruir
instruct	fear	instruir
instruct	joy	instruir
instruct	negative	instruir
instruct	positive	instruir
instruct	sadness	instruir
instruct	surprise	instruir
instruct	trust	instruir
playmate	anger	playmate
playmate	anticipation	playmate
playmate	disgust	playmate
playmate	fear	playmate
playmate	joy	playmate
playmate	negative	playmate
playmate	positive	playmate
playmate	sadness	playmate
playmate	surprise	playmate
playmate	trust	playmate
revolve	anger	revolver
revolve	anticipation	revolver
revolve	disgust	revolver
revolve	fear	revolver
revolve	joy	revolver
revolve	negative	revolver
revolve	positive	revolver
revolve	sadness	revolver
revolve	surprise	revolver
revolve	trust	revolver
longing	anger	anhelo
longing	anticipation	de anhelo
longing	disgust	de anhelo
longing	fear	de anhelo
longing	joy	anhelo
longing	negative	de anhelo
longing	positive	de anhelo
longing	sadness	de anhelo
longing	surprise	armonía
longing	trust	de armonía
harmony	anger	de anhelo
harmony	anticipation	de anhelo
harmony	disgust	armonía
harmony	fear	de armonía
harmony	joy	de armonía
harmony	negative	de armonía
harmony	positive	armonía
harmony	sadness	de armonía
harmony	surprise	de armonía
harmony	trust	de armonía
worried	anger	se preocupó
worried	anticipation	preocupada
worried	disgust	se preocupó
worried	fear	preocupado
worried	joy	se preocupó
worried	negative	preocupado
worried	positive	se preocupó
worried	sadness	preocupado
worried	surprise	se preocupó
worried	trust	preocupado
infraction	anger	infraction
infraction	anticipation	infraction
infraction	disgust	infraction
infraction	fear	infraction
infraction	joy	infraction
infraction	negative	infraction
infraction	positive	infraction
infraction	sadness	infraction
infraction	surprise	infraction
infraction	trust	infraction
civic	anger	cívico
civic	anticipation	cívico
civic	disgust	cívico
civic	fear	cívico
civic	joy	cívico
civic	negative	cívico
civic	positive	cívico
civic	sadness	paquete
civic	surprise	de paquete
civic	trust	cívico
package	anger	cívico
package	anticipation	cívico
package	disgust	paquete
package	fear	de paquete
package	joy	de paquete
package	negative	de paquete
package	positive	paquete
package	sadness	de paquete
package	surprise	de paquete
package	trust	de paquete
identically	anger	identically
identically	anticipation	identically
identically	disgust	identically
identically	fear	identically
identically	joy	identically
identically	negative	identically
identically	positive	identically
identically	sadness	identically
identically	surprise	identically
identically	trust	identically
theatrical	anger	teatral
theatrical	anticipation	teatral
theatrical	disgust	teatral
theatrical	fear	teatral
theatrical	joy	teatral
theatrical	negative	teatral
theatrical	positive	teatral
theatrical	sadness	teatral
theatrical	surprise	teatral
theatrical	trust	teatral
betty	anger	betty
betty	anticipation	betty
betty	disgust	betty
betty	fear	betty
betty	joy	betty
betty	negative	betty
betty	positive	betty
betty	sadness	betty
betty	surprise	betty
betty	trust	betty
affirmatively	anger	affirmatively
affirmatively	anticipation	affirmatively
affirmatively	disgust	affirmatively
affirmatively	fear	affirmatively
affirmatively	joy	affirmatively
affirmatively	negative	affirmatively
affirmatively	positive	affirmatively
affirmatively	sadness	affirmatively
affirmatively	surprise	affirmatively
affirmatively	trust	affirmatively
appendage	anger	appendage
appendage	anticipation	appendage
appendage	disgust	appendage
appendage	fear	appendage
appendage	joy	appendage
appendage	negative	appendage
appendage	positive	appendage
appendage	sadness	appendage
appendage	surprise	appendage
appendage	trust	appendage
traverse	anger	traverse
traverse	anticipation	traverse
traverse	disgust	traverse
traverse	fear	traverse
traverse	joy	traverse
traverse	negative	traverse
traverse	positive	traverse
traverse	sadness	traverse
traverse	surprise	traverse
traverse	trust	traverse
maneuver	anger	maniobra
maneuver	anticipation	de maniobra
maneuver	disgust	de maniobra
maneuver	fear	de maniobra
maneuver	joy	maniobra
maneuver	negative	de maniobra
maneuver	positive	de maniobra
maneuver	sadness	de maniobra
maneuver	surprise	maniobra
maneuver	trust	de maniobra
propane	anger	propane
propane	anticipation	propane
propane	disgust	propane
propane	fear	propane
propane	joy	propane
propane	negative	propane
propane	positive	propane
propane	sadness	propane
propane	surprise	propane
propane	trust	propane
skyscraper	anger	rascacielos
skyscraper	anticipation	de rascacielos
skyscraper	disgust	de rascacielos
skyscraper	fear	de rascacielos
skyscraper	joy	rascacielos
skyscraper	negative	de rascacielos
skyscraper	positive	de rascacielos
skyscraper	sadness	de rascacielos
skyscraper	surprise	rascacielos
skyscraper	trust	de rascacielos
stilts	anger	stilts
stilts	anticipation	stilts
stilts	disgust	stilts
stilts	fear	stilts
stilts	joy	stilts
stilts	negative	stilts
stilts	positive	stilts
stilts	sadness	stilts
stilts	surprise	stilts
stilts	trust	stilts
picket	anger	piquete
picket	anticipation	de piquete
picket	disgust	de piquete
picket	fear	de piquete
picket	joy	piquete
picket	negative	de piquete
picket	positive	de piquete
picket	sadness	de piquete
picket	surprise	diputado
picket	trust	de diputado
deputy	anger	de piquete
deputy	anticipation	de piquete
deputy	disgust	diputado
deputy	fear	de diputado
deputy	joy	de diputado
deputy	negative	de diputado
deputy	positive	diputado
deputy	sadness	de diputado
deputy	surprise	de diputado
deputy	trust	de diputado
dashing	anger	dashing
dashing	anticipation	dashing
dashing	disgust	dashing
dashing	fear	dashing
dashing	joy	dashing
dashing	negative	dashing
dashing	positive	dashing
dashing	sadness	dashing
dashing	surprise	dashing
dashing	trust	dashing
sanitary	anger	sanitario
sanitary	anticipation	sanitario
sanitary	disgust	sanitario
sanitary	fear	sanitario
sanitary	joy	sanitario
sanitary	negative	sanitario
sanitary	positive	sanitario
sanitary	sadness	profeta
sanitary	surprise	de profeta
sanitary	trust	sanitario
prophet	anger	sanitario
prophet	anticipation	sanitario
prophet	disgust	profeta
prophet	fear	de profeta
prophet	joy	de profeta
prophet	negative	de profeta
prophet	positive	profeta
prophet	sadness	de profeta
prophet	surprise	de profeta
prophet	trust	de profeta
incineration	anger	incineración
incineration	anticipation	de incineración
incineration	disgust	de incineración
incineration	fear	de incineración
incineration	joy	incineración
incineration	negative	de incineración
incineration	positive	de incineración
incineration	sadness	de incineración
incineration	surprise	derogación
incineration	trust	de derogación
derogation	anger	de incineración
derogation	anticipation	de incineración
derogation	disgust	derogación
derogation	fear	de derogación
derogation	joy	de derogación
derogation	negative	de derogación
derogation	positive	derogación
derogation	sadness	de derogación
derogation	surprise	de derogación
derogation	trust	de derogación
happiness	anger	felicidad
happiness	anticipation	de felicidad
happiness	disgust	de felicidad
happiness	fear	de felicidad
happiness	joy	felicidad
happiness	negative	de felicidad
happiness	positive	de felicidad
happiness	sadness	de felicidad
happiness	surprise	felicidad
happiness	trust	de felicidad
disinformation	anger	disinformation
disinformation	anticipation	disinformation
disinformation	disgust	disinformation
disinformation	fear	disinformation
disinformation	joy	disinformation
disinformation	negative	disinformation
disinformation	positive	disinformation
disinformation	sadness	disinformation
disinformation	surprise	disinformation
disinformation	trust	disinformation
deviating	anger	deviating
deviating	anticipation	deviating
deviating	disgust	deviating
deviating	fear	deviating
deviating	joy	deviating
deviating	negative	deviating
deviating	positive	deviating
deviating	sadness	deviating
deviating	surprise	deviating
deviating	trust	deviating
desirability	anger	desirability
desirability	anticipation	desirability
desirability	disgust	desirability
desirability	fear	desirability
desirability	joy	desirability
desirability	negative	desirability
desirability	positive	desirability
desirability	sadness	desirability
desirability	surprise	desirability
desirability	trust	desirability
generality	anger	generalidad
generality	anticipation	de generalidad
generality	disgust	de generalidad
generality	fear	de generalidad
generality	joy	generalidad
generality	negative	de generalidad
generality	positive	de generalidad
generality	sadness	de generalidad
generality	surprise	generalidad
generality	trust	de generalidad
shattered	anger	destrozó
shattered	anticipation	destrozada
shattered	disgust	destrozó
shattered	fear	destrozado
shattered	joy	destrozó
shattered	negative	destrozado
shattered	positive	destrozó
shattered	sadness	destrozado
shattered	surprise	destrozó
shattered	trust	destrozado
infect	anger	infectar
infect	anticipation	infectar
infect	disgust	infectar
infect	fear	infectar
infect	joy	infectar
infect	negative	infectar
infect	positive	infectar
infect	sadness	infectar
infect	surprise	infectar
infect	trust	infectar
eruption	anger	erupción
eruption	anticipation	de erupción
eruption	disgust	de erupción
eruption	fear	de erupción
eruption	joy	erupción
eruption	negative	de erupción
eruption	positive	de erupción
eruption	sadness	de erupción
eruption	surprise	erupción
eruption	trust	de erupción
contamination	anger	contamination
contamination	anticipation	contamination
contamination	disgust	contamination
contamination	fear	contamination
contamination	joy	contamination
contamination	negative	contamination
contamination	positive	contamination
contamination	sadness	contamination
contamination	surprise	contamination
contamination	trust	contamination
psychological	anger	psicológico
psychological	anticipation	psicológico
psychological	disgust	psicológico
psychological	fear	psicológico
psychological	joy	psicológico
psychological	negative	psicológico
psychological	positive	psicológico
psychological	sadness	psicológico
psychological	surprise	psicológico
psychological	trust	psicológico
wager	anger	wager
wager	anticipation	wager
wager	disgust	wager
wager	fear	wager
wager	joy	wager
wager	negative	wager
wager	positive	wager
wager	sadness	wager
wager	surprise	wager
wager	trust	wager
speechless	anger	mudo
speechless	anticipation	mudo
speechless	disgust	mudo
speechless	fear	mudo
speechless	joy	mudo
speechless	negative	mudo
speechless	positive	mudo
speechless	sadness	mudo
speechless	surprise	mudo
speechless	trust	mudo
brewing	anger	brewing
brewing	anticipation	brewing
brewing	disgust	brewing
brewing	fear	brewing
brewing	joy	brewing
brewing	negative	brewing
brewing	positive	brewing
brewing	sadness	brewing
brewing	surprise	brewing
brewing	trust	brewing
nuances	anger	matices
nuances	anticipation	de matices
nuances	disgust	de matices
nuances	fear	de matices
nuances	joy	matices
nuances	negative	de matices
nuances	positive	de matices
nuances	sadness	de matices
nuances	surprise	matices
nuances	trust	de matices
intimate	anger	íntimos
intimate	anticipation	íntimos
intimate	disgust	íntimos
intimate	fear	íntimos
intimate	joy	íntimos
intimate	negative	íntimos
intimate	positive	íntimos
intimate	sadness	magma
intimate	surprise	de magma
intimate	trust	íntimo
magma	anger	íntimo
magma	anticipation	íntimo
magma	disgust	magma
magma	fear	de magma
magma	joy	de magma
magma	negative	de magma
magma	positive	magma
magma	sadness	de magma
magma	surprise	de magma
magma	trust	de magma
gout	anger	gout
gout	anticipation	gout
gout	disgust	gout
gout	fear	gout
gout	joy	gout
gout	negative	gout
gout	positive	gout
gout	sadness	gout
gout	surprise	gout
gout	trust	gout
speckled	anger	speckled
speckled	anticipation	speckled
speckled	disgust	speckled
speckled	fear	speckled
speckled	joy	speckled
speckled	negative	speckled
speckled	positive	speckled
speckled	sadness	speckled
speckled	surprise	speckled
speckled	trust	speckled
philosopher	anger	filósofo
philosopher	anticipation	de filósofo
philosopher	disgust	de filósofo
philosopher	fear	de filósofo
philosopher	joy	filósofo
philosopher	negative	de filósofo
philosopher	positive	de filósofo
philosopher	sadness	de filósofo
philosopher	surprise	plazo
philosopher	trust	de plazo
term	anger	de filósofo
term	anticipation	de filósofo
term	disgust	plazo
term	fear	de plazo
term	joy	de plazo
term	negative	de plazo
term	positive	plazo
term	sadness	de plazo
term	surprise	de plazo
term	trust	de plazo
assertion	anger	aserción
assertion	anticipation	de aserción
assertion	disgust	de aserción
assertion	fear	de aserción
assertion	joy	aserción
assertion	negative	de aserción
assertion	positive	de aserción
assertion	sadness	de aserción
assertion	surprise	aserción
assertion	trust	de aserción
adorable	anger	adorable
adorable	anticipation	adorable
adorable	disgust	adorable
adorable	fear	adorable
adorable	joy	adorable
adorable	negative	adorable
adorable	positive	adorable
adorable	sadness	adorable
adorable	surprise	adorable
adorable	trust	adorable
hurt	anger	hace daño
hurt	anticipation	hecho daño
hurt	disgust	hace daño
hurt	fear	hecho daño
hurt	joy	hace daño
hurt	negative	hecho daño
hurt	positive	hace daño
hurt	sadness	hecho daño
hurt	surprise	hace daño
hurt	trust	hecho daño
crock	anger	crock
crock	anticipation	crock
crock	disgust	crock
crock	fear	crock
crock	joy	crock
crock	negative	crock
crock	positive	crock
crock	sadness	crock
crock	surprise	crock
crock	trust	crock
quartz	anger	cuarzo
quartz	anticipation	de cuarzo
quartz	disgust	de cuarzo
quartz	fear	de cuarzo
quartz	joy	cuarzo
quartz	negative	de cuarzo
quartz	positive	de cuarzo
quartz	sadness	de cuarzo
quartz	surprise	cuarzo
quartz	trust	de cuarzo
indicative	anger	indicative
indicative	anticipation	indicative
indicative	disgust	indicative
indicative	fear	indicative
indicative	joy	indicative
indicative	negative	indicative
indicative	positive	indicative
indicative	sadness	indicative
indicative	surprise	indicative
indicative	trust	indicative
crucifixion	anger	crucifixion
crucifixion	anticipation	crucifixion
crucifixion	disgust	crucifixion
crucifixion	fear	crucifixion
crucifixion	joy	crucifixion
crucifixion	negative	crucifixion
crucifixion	positive	crucifixion
crucifixion	sadness	crucifixion
crucifixion	surprise	crucifixion
crucifixion	trust	crucifixion
altitude	anger	altitud
altitude	anticipation	de altitud
altitude	disgust	de altitud
altitude	fear	de altitud
altitude	joy	altitud
altitude	negative	de altitud
altitude	positive	de altitud
altitude	sadness	de altitud
altitude	surprise	altitud
altitude	trust	de altitud
loud	anger	fuerte
loud	anticipation	fuerte
loud	disgust	fuerte
loud	fear	fuerte
loud	joy	fuerte
loud	negative	fuerte
loud	positive	fuerte
loud	sadness	fuerte
loud	surprise	fuerte
loud	trust	fuerte
forfeited	anger	forfeited
forfeited	anticipation	forfeited
forfeited	disgust	forfeited
forfeited	fear	forfeited
forfeited	joy	forfeited
forfeited	negative	forfeited
forfeited	positive	forfeited
forfeited	sadness	forfeited
forfeited	surprise	forfeited
forfeited	trust	forfeited
confiscate	anger	confiscar
confiscate	anticipation	confiscar
confiscate	disgust	confiscar
confiscate	fear	confiscar
confiscate	joy	confiscar
confiscate	negative	confiscar
confiscate	positive	confiscar
confiscate	sadness	confiscar
confiscate	surprise	confiscar
confiscate	trust	confiscar
menu	anger	carta
menu	anticipation	de carta
menu	disgust	de carta
menu	fear	de carta
menu	joy	carta
menu	negative	de carta
menu	positive	de carta
menu	sadness	de carta
menu	surprise	lavabo
menu	trust	de lavabo
toilet	anger	de carta
toilet	anticipation	de carta
toilet	disgust	lavabo
toilet	fear	de lavabo
toilet	joy	de lavabo
toilet	negative	de lavabo
toilet	positive	lavabo
toilet	sadness	de lavabo
toilet	surprise	de lavabo
toilet	trust	de lavabo
hoe	anger	hoe
hoe	anticipation	hoe
hoe	disgust	hoe
hoe	fear	hoe
hoe	joy	hoe
hoe	negative	hoe
hoe	positive	hoe
hoe	sadness	hoe
hoe	surprise	hoe
hoe	trust	hoe
inquiry	anger	investigación
inquiry	anticipation	de investigación
inquiry	disgust	de investigación
inquiry	fear	de investigación
inquiry	joy	investigación
inquiry	negative	de investigación
inquiry	positive	de investigación
inquiry	sadness	de investigación
inquiry	surprise	investigación
inquiry	trust	de investigación
instill	anger	instill
instill	anticipation	instill
instill	disgust	instill
instill	fear	instill
instill	joy	instill
instill	negative	instill
instill	positive	instill
instill	sadness	instill
instill	surprise	instill
instill	trust	instill
flea	anger	pulga
flea	anticipation	de pulga
flea	disgust	de pulga
flea	fear	de pulga
flea	joy	pulga
flea	negative	de pulga
flea	positive	de pulga
flea	sadness	de pulga
flea	surprise	pulga
flea	trust	de pulga
bliss	anger	bliss
bliss	anticipation	bliss
bliss	disgust	bliss
bliss	fear	bliss
bliss	joy	bliss
bliss	negative	bliss
bliss	positive	bliss
bliss	sadness	bliss
bliss	surprise	bliss
bliss	trust	bliss
casino	anger	casino
casino	anticipation	de casino
casino	disgust	de casino
casino	fear	de casino
casino	joy	casino
casino	negative	de casino
casino	positive	de casino
casino	sadness	de casino
casino	surprise	iniciativa
casino	trust	de iniciativa
initiative	anger	de casino
initiative	anticipation	de casino
initiative	disgust	iniciativa
initiative	fear	de iniciativa
initiative	joy	de iniciativa
initiative	negative	de iniciativa
initiative	positive	iniciativa
initiative	sadness	de iniciativa
initiative	surprise	de iniciativa
initiative	trust	de iniciativa
godfather	anger	padrino
godfather	anticipation	de padrino
godfather	disgust	de padrino
godfather	fear	de padrino
godfather	joy	padrino
godfather	negative	de padrino
godfather	positive	de padrino
godfather	sadness	de padrino
godfather	surprise	padrino
godfather	trust	de padrino
gazebo	anger	gazebo
gazebo	anticipation	gazebo
gazebo	disgust	gazebo
gazebo	fear	gazebo
gazebo	joy	gazebo
gazebo	negative	gazebo
gazebo	positive	gazebo
gazebo	sadness	gazebo
gazebo	surprise	gazebo
gazebo	trust	gazebo
equip	anger	equipar
equip	anticipation	equipar
equip	disgust	equipar
equip	fear	equipar
equip	joy	equipar
equip	negative	equipar
equip	positive	equipar
equip	sadness	equipar
equip	surprise	equipar
equip	trust	equipar
turbulence	anger	turbulencia
turbulence	anticipation	de turbulencia
turbulence	disgust	de turbulencia
turbulence	fear	de turbulencia
turbulence	joy	turbulencia
turbulence	negative	de turbulencia
turbulence	positive	de turbulencia
turbulence	sadness	de turbulencia
turbulence	surprise	turbulencia
turbulence	trust	de turbulencia
sporting	anger	deportiva
sporting	anticipation	deportivo
sporting	disgust	deportivo
sporting	fear	deportivo
sporting	joy	deportivo
sporting	negative	deportivo
sporting	positive	deportivo
sporting	sadness	deportivo
sporting	surprise	deportivo
sporting	trust	deportivo
layman	anger	layman
layman	anticipation	layman
layman	disgust	layman
layman	fear	layman
layman	joy	layman
layman	negative	layman
layman	positive	layman
layman	sadness	layman
layman	surprise	layman
layman	trust	layman
adornment	anger	adorno
adornment	anticipation	de adorno
adornment	disgust	de adorno
adornment	fear	de adorno
adornment	joy	adorno
adornment	negative	de adorno
adornment	positive	de adorno
adornment	sadness	de adorno
adornment	surprise	peregrinaje
adornment	trust	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	anger	de adorno
pilgrimage	anticipation	de adorno
pilgrimage	disgust	peregrinaje
pilgrimage	fear	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	joy	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	negative	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	positive	peregrinaje
pilgrimage	sadness	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	surprise	de peregrinaje
pilgrimage	trust	de peregrinaje
libido	anger	libido
libido	anticipation	de libido
libido	disgust	de libido
libido	fear	de libido
libido	joy	libido
libido	negative	de libido
libido	positive	de libido
libido	sadness	de libido
libido	surprise	libido
libido	trust	de libido
disgraceful	anger	disgraceful
disgraceful	anticipation	disgraceful
disgraceful	disgust	disgraceful
disgraceful	fear	disgraceful
disgraceful	joy	disgraceful
disgraceful	negative	disgraceful
disgraceful	positive	disgraceful
disgraceful	sadness	disgraceful
disgraceful	surprise	disgraceful
disgraceful	trust	disgraceful
aggressive	anger	agresivo
aggressive	anticipation	agresivo
aggressive	disgust	agresivo
aggressive	fear	agresivo
aggressive	joy	agresivo
aggressive	negative	agresivo
aggressive	positive	agresivo
aggressive	sadness	vena
aggressive	surprise	de vena
aggressive	trust	agresiva
vein	anger	agresiva
vein	anticipation	agresiva
vein	disgust	vena
vein	fear	de vena
vein	joy	de vena
vein	negative	de vena
vein	positive	vena
vein	sadness	de vena
vein	surprise	de vena
vein	trust	de vena
target	anger	objetivo
target	anticipation	de objetivo
target	disgust	de objetivo
target	fear	de objetivo
target	joy	objetivo
target	negative	de objetivo
target	positive	de objetivo
target	sadness	de objetivo
target	surprise	aplauso
target	trust	de aplauso
clap	anger	de objetivo
clap	anticipation	de objetivo
clap	disgust	aplauso
clap	fear	de aplauso
clap	joy	de aplauso
clap	negative	de aplauso
clap	positive	aplauso
clap	sadness	de aplauso
clap	surprise	de aplauso
clap	trust	de aplauso
view	anger	vista
view	anticipation	de vista
view	disgust	de vista
view	fear	de vista
view	joy	vista
view	negative	de vista
view	positive	de vista
view	sadness	de vista
view	surprise	vista
view	trust	de vista
committed	anger	comprometida
committed	anticipation	comprometido
committed	disgust	comprometido
committed	fear	comprometido
committed	joy	comprometido
committed	negative	comprometido
committed	positive	comprometido
committed	sadness	comprometido
committed	surprise	comprometido
committed	trust	comprometido
uninitiated	anger	uninitiated
uninitiated	anticipation	uninitiated
uninitiated	disgust	uninitiated
uninitiated	fear	uninitiated
uninitiated	joy	uninitiated
uninitiated	negative	uninitiated
uninitiated	positive	uninitiated
uninitiated	sadness	uninitiated
uninitiated	surprise	uninitiated
uninitiated	trust	uninitiated
fiscal	anger	fiscal
fiscal	anticipation	fiscal
fiscal	disgust	fiscal
fiscal	fear	fiscal
fiscal	joy	fiscal
fiscal	negative	fiscal
fiscal	positive	fiscal
fiscal	sadness	fiscal
fiscal	surprise	fiscal
fiscal	trust	fiscal
sander	anger	sander
sander	anticipation	sander
sander	disgust	sander
sander	fear	sander
sander	joy	sander
sander	negative	sander
sander	positive	sander
sander	sadness	sander
sander	surprise	sander
sander	trust	sander
deciduous	anger	caducifolio
deciduous	anticipation	caducifolio
deciduous	disgust	caducifolio
deciduous	fear	caducifolio
deciduous	joy	caducifolio
deciduous	negative	caducifolio
deciduous	positive	caducifolio
deciduous	sadness	acordes
deciduous	surprise	de acordes
deciduous	trust	caducifolios
chords	anger	caducifolios
chords	anticipation	caducifolios
chords	disgust	acordes
chords	fear	de acordes
chords	joy	de acordes
chords	negative	de acordes
chords	positive	acordes
chords	sadness	de acordes
chords	surprise	de acordes
chords	trust	de acordes
taxicab	anger	taxicab
taxicab	anticipation	taxicab
taxicab	disgust	taxicab
taxicab	fear	taxicab
taxicab	joy	taxicab
taxicab	negative	taxicab
taxicab	positive	taxicab
taxicab	sadness	taxicab
taxicab	surprise	taxicab
taxicab	trust	taxicab
occupy	anger	ocupar
occupy	anticipation	ocupar
occupy	disgust	ocupar
occupy	fear	ocupar
occupy	joy	ocupar
occupy	negative	ocupar
occupy	positive	ocupar
occupy	sadness	ocupar
occupy	surprise	ocupar
occupy	trust	ocupar
hag	anger	hag
hag	anticipation	hag
hag	disgust	hag
hag	fear	hag
hag	joy	hag
hag	negative	hag
hag	positive	hag
hag	sadness	hag
hag	surprise	hag
hag	trust	hag
stir	anger	revuelo
stir	anticipation	de revuelo
stir	disgust	de revuelo
stir	fear	de revuelo
stir	joy	revuelo
stir	negative	de revuelo
stir	positive	de revuelo
stir	sadness	de revuelo
stir	surprise	revuelo
stir	trust	de revuelo
boating	anger	boating
boating	anticipation	boating
boating	disgust	boating
boating	fear	boating
boating	joy	boating
boating	negative	boating
boating	positive	boating
boating	sadness	boating
boating	surprise	boating
boating	trust	boating
boycott	anger	boicot
boycott	anticipation	de boicot
boycott	disgust	de boicot
boycott	fear	de boicot
boycott	joy	boicot
boycott	negative	de boicot
boycott	positive	de boicot
boycott	sadness	de boicot
boycott	surprise	corresponsal
boycott	trust	de corresponsal
correspondent	anger	de boicot
correspondent	anticipation	de boicot
correspondent	disgust	corresponsal
correspondent	fear	de corresponsal
correspondent	joy	de corresponsal
correspondent	negative	de corresponsal
correspondent	positive	corresponsal
correspondent	sadness	de corresponsal
correspondent	surprise	de corresponsal
correspondent	trust	de corresponsal
powerful	anger	potente
powerful	anticipation	potente
powerful	disgust	potente
powerful	fear	potente
powerful	joy	potente
powerful	negative	potente
powerful	positive	potente
powerful	sadness	potente
powerful	surprise	potente
powerful	trust	potente
conserve	anger	conservar
conserve	anticipation	conservar
conserve	disgust	conservar
conserve	fear	conservar
conserve	joy	conservar
conserve	negative	conservar
conserve	positive	conservar
conserve	sadness	conservar
conserve	surprise	conservar
conserve	trust	conservar
manner	anger	manera
manner	anticipation	de manera
manner	disgust	de manera
manner	fear	de manera
manner	joy	manera
manner	negative	de manera
manner	positive	de manera
manner	sadness	de manera
manner	surprise	ron
manner	trust	de ron
rum	anger	de manera
rum	anticipation	de manera
rum	disgust	ron
rum	fear	de ron
rum	joy	de ron
rum	negative	de ron
rum	positive	ron
rum	sadness	de ron
rum	surprise	de ron
rum	trust	de ron
ripple	anger	ripple
ripple	anticipation	ripple
ripple	disgust	ripple
ripple	fear	ripple
ripple	joy	ripple
ripple	negative	ripple
ripple	positive	ripple
ripple	sadness	ripple
ripple	surprise	ripple
ripple	trust	ripple
transform	anger	transformar
transform	anticipation	transformar
transform	disgust	transformar
transform	fear	transformar
transform	joy	transformar
transform	negative	transformar
transform	positive	transformar
transform	sadness	transformar
transform	surprise	transformar
transform	trust	transformar
escalate	anger	escalate
escalate	anticipation	escalate
escalate	disgust	escalate
escalate	fear	escalate
escalate	joy	escalate
escalate	negative	escalate
escalate	positive	escalate
escalate	sadness	escalate
escalate	surprise	escalate
escalate	trust	escalate
obligatory	anger	obligatory
obligatory	anticipation	obligatory
obligatory	disgust	obligatory
obligatory	fear	obligatory
obligatory	joy	obligatory
obligatory	negative	obligatory
obligatory	positive	obligatory
obligatory	sadness	obligatory
obligatory	surprise	obligatory
obligatory	trust	obligatory
organ	anger	órgano
organ	anticipation	de órgano
organ	disgust	de órgano
organ	fear	de órgano
organ	joy	órgano
organ	negative	de órgano
organ	positive	de órgano
organ	sadness	de órgano
organ	surprise	órgano
organ	trust	de órgano
drivel	anger	drivel
drivel	anticipation	drivel
drivel	disgust	drivel
drivel	fear	drivel
drivel	joy	drivel
drivel	negative	drivel
drivel	positive	drivel
drivel	sadness	drivel
drivel	surprise	drivel
drivel	trust	drivel
curb	anger	curb
curb	anticipation	curb
curb	disgust	curb
curb	fear	curb
curb	joy	curb
curb	negative	curb
curb	positive	curb
curb	sadness	curb
curb	surprise	curb
curb	trust	curb
salary	anger	salario
salary	anticipation	de salario
salary	disgust	de salario
salary	fear	de salario
salary	joy	salario
salary	negative	de salario
salary	positive	de salario
salary	sadness	de salario
salary	surprise	salario
salary	trust	de salario
negligently	anger	negligently
negligently	anticipation	negligently
negligently	disgust	negligently
negligently	fear	negligently
negligently	joy	negligently
negligently	negative	negligently
negligently	positive	negligently
negligently	sadness	negligently
negligently	surprise	negligently
negligently	trust	negligently
unforeseen	anger	imprevisto
unforeseen	anticipation	imprevisto
unforeseen	disgust	imprevisto
unforeseen	fear	imprevisto
unforeseen	joy	imprevisto
unforeseen	negative	imprevisto
unforeseen	positive	imprevisto
unforeseen	sadness	imprevisto
unforeseen	surprise	imprevisto
unforeseen	trust	imprevisto
impending	anger	impending
impending	anticipation	impending
impending	disgust	impending
impending	fear	impending
impending	joy	impending
impending	negative	impending
impending	positive	impending
impending	sadness	impending
impending	surprise	impending
impending	trust	impending
cottage	anger	cottage
cottage	anticipation	cottage
cottage	disgust	cottage
cottage	fear	cottage
cottage	joy	cottage
cottage	negative	cottage
cottage	positive	cottage
cottage	sadness	cottage
cottage	surprise	cottage
cottage	trust	cottage
impediment	anger	impedimento
impediment	anticipation	de impedimento
impediment	disgust	de impedimento
impediment	fear	de impedimento
impediment	joy	impedimento
impediment	negative	de impedimento
impediment	positive	de impedimento
impediment	sadness	de impedimento
impediment	surprise	impedimento
impediment	trust	de impedimento
frosted	anger	helado
frosted	anticipation	helado
frosted	disgust	helado
frosted	fear	helado
frosted	joy	helado
frosted	negative	helado
frosted	positive	helado
frosted	sadness	helado
frosted	surprise	helado
frosted	trust	helado
thickening	anger	espesando
thickening	anticipation	espesando
thickening	disgust	espesando
thickening	fear	espesando
thickening	joy	espesando
thickening	negative	espesando
thickening	positive	espesando
thickening	sadness	espesando
thickening	surprise	espesando
thickening	trust	espesando
metropolitan	anger	metropolitano
metropolitan	anticipation	metropolitano
metropolitan	disgust	metropolitano
metropolitan	fear	metropolitano
metropolitan	joy	metropolitano
metropolitan	negative	metropolitano
metropolitan	positive	metropolitano
metropolitan	sadness	metropolitano
metropolitan	surprise	metropolitano
metropolitan	trust	metropolitano
deferral	anger	deferral
deferral	anticipation	deferral
deferral	disgust	deferral
deferral	fear	deferral
deferral	joy	deferral
deferral	negative	deferral
deferral	positive	deferral
deferral	sadness	deferral
deferral	surprise	deferral
deferral	trust	deferral
contingency	anger	contingencia
contingency	anticipation	de contingencia
contingency	disgust	de contingencia
contingency	fear	de contingencia
contingency	joy	contingencia
contingency	negative	de contingencia
contingency	positive	de contingencia
contingency	sadness	de contingencia
contingency	surprise	rompiente
contingency	trust	de rompiente
breaker	anger	de contingencia
breaker	anticipation	de contingencia
breaker	disgust	rompiente
breaker	fear	de rompiente
breaker	joy	de rompiente
breaker	negative	de rompiente
breaker	positive	rompiente
breaker	sadness	de rompiente
breaker	surprise	de rompiente
breaker	trust	de rompiente
tiff	anger	tiff
tiff	anticipation	tiff
tiff	disgust	tiff
tiff	fear	tiff
tiff	joy	tiff
tiff	negative	tiff
tiff	positive	tiff
tiff	sadness	tiff
tiff	surprise	tiff
tiff	trust	tiff
exit	anger	salida
exit	anticipation	de salida
exit	disgust	de salida
exit	fear	de salida
exit	joy	salida
exit	negative	de salida
exit	positive	de salida
exit	sadness	de salida
exit	surprise	salida
exit	trust	de salida
puny	anger	puny
puny	anticipation	puny
puny	disgust	puny
puny	fear	puny
puny	joy	puny
puny	negative	puny
puny	positive	puny
puny	sadness	puny
puny	surprise	puny
puny	trust	puny
economy	anger	economía
economy	anticipation	de economía
economy	disgust	de economía
economy	fear	de economía
economy	joy	economía
economy	negative	de economía
economy	positive	de economía
economy	sadness	de economía
economy	surprise	economía
economy	trust	de economía
stile	anger	stile
stile	anticipation	stile
stile	disgust	stile
stile	fear	stile
stile	joy	stile
stile	negative	stile
stile	positive	stile
stile	sadness	stile
stile	surprise	stile
stile	trust	stile
overthrow	anger	derrocamiento
overthrow	anticipation	de derrocamiento
overthrow	disgust	de derrocamiento
overthrow	fear	de derrocamiento
overthrow	joy	derrocamiento
overthrow	negative	de derrocamiento
overthrow	positive	de derrocamiento
overthrow	sadness	de derrocamiento
overthrow	surprise	derrocamiento
overthrow	trust	de derrocamiento
havoc	anger	havoc
havoc	anticipation	havoc
havoc	disgust	havoc
havoc	fear	havoc
havoc	joy	havoc
havoc	negative	havoc
havoc	positive	havoc
havoc	sadness	havoc
havoc	surprise	havoc
havoc	trust	havoc
sucking	anger	chupando
sucking	anticipation	chupando
sucking	disgust	chupando
sucking	fear	chupando
sucking	joy	chupando
sucking	negative	chupando
sucking	positive	chupando
sucking	sadness	chupando
sucking	surprise	chupando
sucking	trust	chupando
opinion	anger	opinión
opinion	anticipation	de opinión
opinion	disgust	de opinión
opinion	fear	de opinión
opinion	joy	opinión
opinion	negative	de opinión
opinion	positive	de opinión
opinion	sadness	de opinión
opinion	surprise	opinión
opinion	trust	de opinión
filibuster	anger	filibuster
filibuster	anticipation	filibuster
filibuster	disgust	filibuster
filibuster	fear	filibuster
filibuster	joy	filibuster
filibuster	negative	filibuster
filibuster	positive	filibuster
filibuster	sadness	filibuster
filibuster	surprise	filibuster
filibuster	trust	filibuster
tavern	anger	tavern
tavern	anticipation	tavern
tavern	disgust	tavern
tavern	fear	tavern
tavern	joy	tavern
tavern	negative	tavern
tavern	positive	tavern
tavern	sadness	tavern
tavern	surprise	tavern
tavern	trust	tavern
write	anger	escribir
write	anticipation	escribir
write	disgust	escribir
write	fear	escribir
write	joy	escribir
write	negative	escribir
write	positive	escribir
write	sadness	escribir
write	surprise	escribir
write	trust	escribir
culture	anger	cultura
culture	anticipation	de cultura
culture	disgust	de cultura
culture	fear	de cultura
culture	joy	cultura
culture	negative	de cultura
culture	positive	de cultura
culture	sadness	de cultura
culture	surprise	cultura
culture	trust	de cultura
quay	anger	quay
quay	anticipation	quay
quay	disgust	quay
quay	fear	quay
quay	joy	quay
quay	negative	quay
quay	positive	quay
quay	sadness	quay
quay	surprise	quay
quay	trust	quay
apostasy	anger	apostasy
apostasy	anticipation	apostasy
apostasy	disgust	apostasy
apostasy	fear	apostasy
apostasy	joy	apostasy
apostasy	negative	apostasy
apostasy	positive	apostasy
apostasy	sadness	apostasy
apostasy	surprise	apostasy
apostasy	trust	apostasy
curve	anger	curva
curve	anticipation	de curva
curve	disgust	de curva
curve	fear	de curva
curve	joy	curva
curve	negative	de curva
curve	positive	de curva
curve	sadness	de curva
curve	surprise	curva
curve	trust	de curva
analogous	anger	análoga
analogous	anticipation	análogo
analogous	disgust	análogo
analogous	fear	análogo
analogous	joy	análogo
analogous	negative	análogo
analogous	positive	análogo
analogous	sadness	análogo
analogous	surprise	análogo
analogous	trust	análogo
motte	anger	motte
motte	anticipation	motte
motte	disgust	motte
motte	fear	motte
motte	joy	motte
motte	negative	motte
motte	positive	motte
motte	sadness	motte
motte	surprise	motte
motte	trust	motte
commercial	anger	comercial
commercial	anticipation	comercial
commercial	disgust	comercial
commercial	fear	comercial
commercial	joy	comercial
commercial	negative	comercial
commercial	positive	comercial
commercial	sadness	comercial
commercial	surprise	comercial
commercial	trust	comercial
impartial	anger	imparcial
impartial	anticipation	imparcial
impartial	disgust	imparcial
impartial	fear	imparcial
impartial	joy	imparcial
impartial	negative	imparcial
impartial	positive	imparcial
impartial	sadness	guía
impartial	surprise	de guía
impartial	trust	imparcial
guide	anger	imparcial
guide	anticipation	imparcial
guide	disgust	guía
guide	fear	de guía
guide	joy	de guía
guide	negative	de guía
guide	positive	guía
guide	sadness	de guía
guide	surprise	de guía
guide	trust	de guía
dyspepsia	anger	dispepsia
dyspepsia	anticipation	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	disgust	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	fear	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	joy	dispepsia
dyspepsia	negative	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	positive	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	sadness	de dispepsia
dyspepsia	surprise	ventosa
dyspepsia	trust	de ventosa
sucker	anger	de dispepsia
sucker	anticipation	de dispepsia
sucker	disgust	ventosa
sucker	fear	de ventosa
sucker	joy	de ventosa
sucker	negative	de ventosa
sucker	positive	ventosa
sucker	sadness	de ventosa
sucker	surprise	de ventosa
sucker	trust	de ventosa
utensil	anger	enser
utensil	anticipation	de enser
utensil	disgust	de enser
utensil	fear	de enser
utensil	joy	enser
utensil	negative	de enser
utensil	positive	de enser
utensil	sadness	de enser
utensil	surprise	enser
utensil	trust	de enser
smug	anger	smug
smug	anticipation	smug
smug	disgust	smug
smug	fear	smug
smug	joy	smug
smug	negative	smug
smug	positive	smug
smug	sadness	smug
smug	surprise	smug
smug	trust	smug
genetic	anger	genético
genetic	anticipation	genético
genetic	disgust	genético
genetic	fear	genético
genetic	joy	genético
genetic	negative	genético
genetic	positive	genético
genetic	sadness	yate
genetic	surprise	de yate
genetic	trust	genético
yacht	anger	genético
yacht	anticipation	genético
yacht	disgust	yate
yacht	fear	de yate
yacht	joy	de yate
yacht	negative	de yate
yacht	positive	yate
yacht	sadness	de yate
yacht	surprise	de yate
yacht	trust	de yate
legislature	anger	legislatura
legislature	anticipation	de legislatura
legislature	disgust	de legislatura
legislature	fear	de legislatura
legislature	joy	legislatura
legislature	negative	de legislatura
legislature	positive	de legislatura
legislature	sadness	de legislatura
legislature	surprise	epitafio
legislature	trust	de epitafio
epitaph	anger	de legislatura
epitaph	anticipation	de legislatura
epitaph	disgust	epitafio
epitaph	fear	de epitafio
epitaph	joy	de epitafio
epitaph	negative	de epitafio
epitaph	positive	epitafio
epitaph	sadness	de epitafio
epitaph	surprise	de epitafio
epitaph	trust	de epitafio
earnest	anger	earnest
earnest	anticipation	earnest
earnest	disgust	earnest
earnest	fear	earnest
earnest	joy	earnest
earnest	negative	earnest
earnest	positive	earnest
earnest	sadness	earnest
earnest	surprise	earnest
earnest	trust	earnest
disciple	anger	discípulo
disciple	anticipation	de discípulo
disciple	disgust	de discípulo
disciple	fear	de discípulo
disciple	joy	discípulo
disciple	negative	de discípulo
disciple	positive	de discípulo
disciple	sadness	de discípulo
disciple	surprise	discípulo
disciple	trust	de discípulo
schoolboy	anger	schoolboy
schoolboy	anticipation	schoolboy
schoolboy	disgust	schoolboy
schoolboy	fear	schoolboy
schoolboy	joy	schoolboy
schoolboy	negative	schoolboy
schoolboy	positive	schoolboy
schoolboy	sadness	schoolboy
schoolboy	surprise	schoolboy
schoolboy	trust	schoolboy
inscrutable	anger	inescrutable
inscrutable	anticipation	inescrutable
inscrutable	disgust	inescrutable
inscrutable	fear	inescrutable
inscrutable	joy	inescrutable
inscrutable	negative	inescrutable
inscrutable	positive	inescrutable
inscrutable	sadness	inescrutable
inscrutable	surprise	inescrutable
inscrutable	trust	inescrutable
worse	anger	peor
worse	anticipation	peor
worse	disgust	peor
worse	fear	peor
worse	joy	peor
worse	negative	peor
worse	positive	peor
worse	sadness	decano
worse	surprise	de decano
worse	trust	peor
dean	anger	peor
dean	anticipation	peor
dean	disgust	decano
dean	fear	de decano
dean	joy	de decano
dean	negative	de decano
dean	positive	decano
dean	sadness	de decano
dean	surprise	de decano
dean	trust	de decano
icon	anger	icono
icon	anticipation	de icono
icon	disgust	de icono
icon	fear	de icono
icon	joy	icono
icon	negative	de icono
icon	positive	de icono
icon	sadness	de icono
icon	surprise	icono
icon	trust	de icono
lone	anger	solitario
lone	anticipation	solitario
lone	disgust	solitario
lone	fear	solitario
lone	joy	solitario
lone	negative	solitario
lone	positive	solitario
lone	sadness	empeoramiento
lone	surprise	de empeoramiento
lone	trust	solitario
impairment	anger	solitario
impairment	anticipation	solitario
impairment	disgust	empeoramiento
impairment	fear	de empeoramiento
impairment	joy	de empeoramiento
impairment	negative	de empeoramiento
impairment	positive	empeoramiento
impairment	sadness	de empeoramiento
impairment	surprise	de empeoramiento
impairment	trust	de empeoramiento
archetype	anger	arquetipo
archetype	anticipation	de arquetipo
archetype	disgust	de arquetipo
archetype	fear	de arquetipo
archetype	joy	arquetipo
archetype	negative	de arquetipo
archetype	positive	de arquetipo
archetype	sadness	de arquetipo
archetype	surprise	faceta
archetype	trust	de faceta
facet	anger	de arquetipo
facet	anticipation	de arquetipo
facet	disgust	faceta
facet	fear	de faceta
facet	joy	de faceta
facet	negative	de faceta
facet	positive	faceta
facet	sadness	de faceta
facet	surprise	de faceta
facet	trust	de faceta
broken	anger	rota
broken	anticipation	roto
broken	disgust	roto
broken	fear	roto
broken	joy	roto
broken	negative	roto
broken	positive	roto
broken	sadness	roto
broken	surprise	roto
broken	trust	roto
skiff	anger	skiff
skiff	anticipation	skiff
skiff	disgust	skiff
skiff	fear	skiff
skiff	joy	skiff
skiff	negative	skiff
skiff	positive	skiff
skiff	sadness	skiff
skiff	surprise	skiff
skiff	trust	skiff
videotape	anger	videotape
videotape	anticipation	videotape
videotape	disgust	videotape
videotape	fear	videotape
videotape	joy	videotape
videotape	negative	videotape
videotape	positive	videotape
videotape	sadness	videotape
videotape	surprise	videotape
videotape	trust	videotape
courtyard	anger	patio
courtyard	anticipation	de patio
courtyard	disgust	de patio
courtyard	fear	de patio
courtyard	joy	patio
courtyard	negative	de patio
courtyard	positive	de patio
courtyard	sadness	de patio
courtyard	surprise	elección
courtyard	trust	de elección
choice	anger	de patio
choice	anticipation	de patio
choice	disgust	elección
choice	fear	de elección
choice	joy	de elección
choice	negative	de elección
choice	positive	elección
choice	sadness	de elección
choice	surprise	de elección
choice	trust	de elección
airship	anger	dirigible
airship	anticipation	de dirigible
airship	disgust	de dirigible
airship	fear	de dirigible
airship	joy	dirigible
airship	negative	de dirigible
airship	positive	de dirigible
airship	sadness	de dirigible
airship	surprise	dirigible
airship	trust	de dirigible
esoteric	anger	esotérico
esoteric	anticipation	esotérico
esoteric	disgust	esotérico
esoteric	fear	esotérico
esoteric	joy	esotérico
esoteric	negative	esotérico
esoteric	positive	esotérico
esoteric	sadness	esotérico
esoteric	surprise	esotérico
esoteric	trust	esotérico
provisionally	anger	provisionalmente
provisionally	anticipation	provisionalmente
provisionally	disgust	provisionalmente
provisionally	fear	provisionalmente
provisionally	joy	provisionalmente
provisionally	negative	provisionalmente
provisionally	positive	provisionalmente
provisionally	sadness	provisionalmente
provisionally	surprise	provisionalmente
provisionally	trust	provisionalmente
pimp	anger	pimp
pimp	anticipation	pimp
pimp	disgust	pimp
pimp	fear	pimp
pimp	joy	pimp
pimp	negative	pimp
pimp	positive	pimp
pimp	sadness	pimp
pimp	surprise	pimp
pimp	trust	pimp
repeatedly	anger	repetidamente
repeatedly	anticipation	repetidamente
repeatedly	disgust	repetidamente
repeatedly	fear	repetidamente
repeatedly	joy	repetidamente
repeatedly	negative	repetidamente
repeatedly	positive	repetidamente
repeatedly	sadness	repetidamente
repeatedly	surprise	repetidamente
repeatedly	trust	repetidamente
innocently	anger	inocentemente
innocently	anticipation	inocentemente
innocently	disgust	inocentemente
innocently	fear	inocentemente
innocently	joy	inocentemente
innocently	negative	inocentemente
innocently	positive	inocentemente
innocently	sadness	inocentemente
innocently	surprise	inocentemente
innocently	trust	inocentemente
legitimacy	anger	legitimidad
legitimacy	anticipation	de legitimidad
legitimacy	disgust	de legitimidad
legitimacy	fear	de legitimidad
legitimacy	joy	legitimidad
legitimacy	negative	de legitimidad
legitimacy	positive	de legitimidad
legitimacy	sadness	de legitimidad
legitimacy	surprise	legitimidad
legitimacy	trust	de legitimidad
impure	anger	impura
impure	anticipation	impuro
impure	disgust	impuro
impure	fear	impuro
impure	joy	impuro
impure	negative	impuro
impure	positive	impuro
impure	sadness	impuro
impure	surprise	impuro
impure	trust	impuro
recent	anger	reciente
recent	anticipation	reciente
recent	disgust	reciente
recent	fear	reciente
recent	joy	reciente
recent	negative	reciente
recent	positive	reciente
recent	sadness	incomodidad
recent	surprise	de incomodidad
recent	trust	reciente
discomfort	anger	reciente
discomfort	anticipation	reciente
discomfort	disgust	incomodidad
discomfort	fear	de incomodidad
discomfort	joy	de incomodidad
discomfort	negative	de incomodidad
discomfort	positive	incomodidad
discomfort	sadness	de incomodidad
discomfort	surprise	de incomodidad
discomfort	trust	de incomodidad
harbor	anger	puerto
harbor	anticipation	de puerto
harbor	disgust	de puerto
harbor	fear	de puerto
harbor	joy	puerto
harbor	negative	de puerto
harbor	positive	de puerto
harbor	sadness	de puerto
harbor	surprise	puerto
harbor	trust	de puerto
conjugal	anger	conyugal
conjugal	anticipation	conyugal
conjugal	disgust	conyugal
conjugal	fear	conyugal
conjugal	joy	conyugal
conjugal	negative	conyugal
conjugal	positive	conyugal
conjugal	sadness	conyugal
conjugal	surprise	conyugal
conjugal	trust	conyugal
polygonal	anger	polygonal
polygonal	anticipation	polygonal
polygonal	disgust	polygonal
polygonal	fear	polygonal
polygonal	joy	polygonal
polygonal	negative	polygonal
polygonal	positive	polygonal
polygonal	sadness	polygonal
polygonal	surprise	polygonal
polygonal	trust	polygonal
polished	anger	abrillantó
polished	anticipation	abrillantado
polished	disgust	abrillantó
polished	fear	abrillantado
polished	joy	abrillantó
polished	negative	abrillantado
polished	positive	abrillantó
polished	sadness	abrillantado
polished	surprise	abrillantó
polished	trust	abrillantado
indict	anger	indict
indict	anticipation	indict
indict	disgust	indict
indict	fear	indict
indict	joy	indict
indict	negative	indict
indict	positive	indict
indict	sadness	indict
indict	surprise	indict
indict	trust	indict
worth	anger	valor
worth	anticipation	de valor
worth	disgust	de valor
worth	fear	de valor
worth	joy	valor
worth	negative	de valor
worth	positive	de valor
worth	sadness	de valor
worth	surprise	valor
worth	trust	de valor
crave	anger	crave
crave	anticipation	crave
crave	disgust	crave
crave	fear	crave
crave	joy	crave
crave	negative	crave
crave	positive	crave
crave	sadness	crave
crave	surprise	crave
crave	trust	crave
crust	anger	crust
crust	anticipation	crust
crust	disgust	crust
crust	fear	crust
crust	joy	crust
crust	negative	crust
crust	positive	crust
crust	sadness	crust
crust	surprise	crust
crust	trust	crust
scraping	anger	rayendo
scraping	anticipation	rayendo
scraping	disgust	rayendo
scraping	fear	rayendo
scraping	joy	rayendo
scraping	negative	rayendo
scraping	positive	rayendo
scraping	sadness	rayendo
scraping	surprise	rayendo
scraping	trust	rayendo
cutthroat	anger	cutthroat
cutthroat	anticipation	cutthroat
cutthroat	disgust	cutthroat
cutthroat	fear	cutthroat
cutthroat	joy	cutthroat
cutthroat	negative	cutthroat
cutthroat	positive	cutthroat
cutthroat	sadness	cutthroat
cutthroat	surprise	cutthroat
cutthroat	trust	cutthroat
armature	anger	armature
armature	anticipation	armature
armature	disgust	armature
armature	fear	armature
armature	joy	armature
armature	negative	armature
armature	positive	armature
armature	sadness	armature
armature	surprise	armature
armature	trust	armature
bolt	anger	bolt
bolt	anticipation	bolt
bolt	disgust	bolt
bolt	fear	bolt
bolt	joy	bolt
bolt	negative	bolt
bolt	positive	bolt
bolt	sadness	bolt
bolt	surprise	bolt
bolt	trust	bolt
predictor	anger	predictor
predictor	anticipation	predictor
predictor	disgust	predictor
predictor	fear	predictor
predictor	joy	predictor
predictor	negative	predictor
predictor	positive	predictor
predictor	sadness	predictor
predictor	surprise	predictor
predictor	trust	predictor
indecent	anger	indecente
indecent	anticipation	indecente
indecent	disgust	indecente
indecent	fear	indecente
indecent	joy	indecente
indecent	negative	indecente
indecent	positive	indecente
indecent	sadness	indecente
indecent	surprise	indecente
indecent	trust	indecente
inviting	anger	invitando
inviting	anticipation	invitando
inviting	disgust	invitando
inviting	fear	invitando
inviting	joy	invitando
inviting	negative	invitando
inviting	positive	invitando
inviting	sadness	invitando
inviting	surprise	invitando
inviting	trust	invitando
littoral	anger	litoral
littoral	anticipation	litoral
littoral	disgust	litoral
littoral	fear	litoral
littoral	joy	litoral
littoral	negative	litoral
littoral	positive	litoral
littoral	sadness	litoral
littoral	surprise	litoral
littoral	trust	litoral
sciatica	anger	sciatica
sciatica	anticipation	sciatica
sciatica	disgust	sciatica
sciatica	fear	sciatica
sciatica	joy	sciatica
sciatica	negative	sciatica
sciatica	positive	sciatica
sciatica	sadness	sciatica
sciatica	surprise	sciatica
sciatica	trust	sciatica
periodical	anger	periodical
periodical	anticipation	periodical
periodical	disgust	periodical
periodical	fear	periodical
periodical	joy	periodical
periodical	negative	periodical
periodical	positive	periodical
periodical	sadness	periodical
periodical	surprise	periodical
periodical	trust	periodical
powerless	anger	impotente
powerless	anticipation	impotente
powerless	disgust	impotente
powerless	fear	impotente
powerless	joy	impotente
powerless	negative	impotente
powerless	positive	impotente
powerless	sadness	impotente
powerless	surprise	impotente
powerless	trust	impotente
caress	anger	caress
caress	anticipation	caress
caress	disgust	caress
caress	fear	caress
caress	joy	caress
caress	negative	caress
caress	positive	caress
caress	sadness	caress
caress	surprise	caress
caress	trust	caress
mimic	anger	mimic
mimic	anticipation	mimic
mimic	disgust	mimic
mimic	fear	mimic
mimic	joy	mimic
mimic	negative	mimic
mimic	positive	mimic
mimic	sadness	mimic
mimic	surprise	mimic
mimic	trust	mimic
menagerie	anger	menagerie
menagerie	anticipation	menagerie
menagerie	disgust	menagerie
menagerie	fear	menagerie
menagerie	joy	menagerie
menagerie	negative	menagerie
menagerie	positive	menagerie
menagerie	sadness	menagerie
menagerie	surprise	menagerie
menagerie	trust	menagerie
scorpion	anger	escorpión
scorpion	anticipation	de escorpión
scorpion	disgust	de escorpión
scorpion	fear	de escorpión
scorpion	joy	escorpión
scorpion	negative	de escorpión
scorpion	positive	de escorpión
scorpion	sadness	de escorpión
scorpion	surprise	almenara
scorpion	trust	de almenara
beacon	anger	de escorpión
beacon	anticipation	de escorpión
beacon	disgust	almenara
beacon	fear	de almenara
beacon	joy	de almenara
beacon	negative	de almenara
beacon	positive	almenara
beacon	sadness	de almenara
beacon	surprise	de almenara
beacon	trust	de almenara
accomplished	anger	cumplió
accomplished	anticipation	cumplida
accomplished	disgust	cumplió
accomplished	fear	cumplido
accomplished	joy	cumplió
accomplished	negative	cumplido
accomplished	positive	cumplió
accomplished	sadness	cumplido
accomplished	surprise	cumplió
accomplished	trust	intérprete
interpreter	anger	de intérprete
interpreter	anticipation	de intérprete
interpreter	disgust	cumplido
interpreter	fear	intérprete
interpreter	joy	de intérprete
interpreter	negative	de intérprete
interpreter	positive	de intérprete
interpreter	sadness	intérprete
interpreter	surprise	de intérprete
interpreter	trust	del intérprete
wrestling	anger	wrestling
wrestling	anticipation	wrestling
wrestling	disgust	wrestling
wrestling	fear	wrestling
wrestling	joy	wrestling
wrestling	negative	wrestling
wrestling	positive	wrestling
wrestling	sadness	wrestling
wrestling	surprise	wrestling
wrestling	trust	wrestling
racy	anger	racy
racy	anticipation	racy
racy	disgust	racy
racy	fear	racy
racy	joy	racy
racy	negative	racy
racy	positive	racy
racy	sadness	racy
racy	surprise	racy
racy	trust	racy
butcher	anger	butcher
butcher	anticipation	butcher
butcher	disgust	butcher
butcher	fear	butcher
butcher	joy	butcher
butcher	negative	butcher
butcher	positive	butcher
butcher	sadness	butcher
butcher	surprise	butcher
butcher	trust	butcher
bake	anger	cocer
bake	anticipation	cocer
bake	disgust	cocer
bake	fear	cocer
bake	joy	cocer
bake	negative	cocer
bake	positive	cocer
bake	sadness	cocer
bake	surprise	cocer
bake	trust	cocer
tangent	anger	tangent
tangent	anticipation	tangent
tangent	disgust	tangent
tangent	fear	tangent
tangent	joy	tangent
tangent	negative	tangent
tangent	positive	tangent
tangent	sadness	tangent
tangent	surprise	tangent
tangent	trust	tangent
regulated	anger	reguló
regulated	anticipation	regulado
regulated	disgust	reguló
regulated	fear	regulado
regulated	joy	reguló
regulated	negative	regulado
regulated	positive	reguló
regulated	sadness	regulado
regulated	surprise	reguló
regulated	trust	regulado
perpetuation	anger	perpetuation
perpetuation	anticipation	perpetuation
perpetuation	disgust	perpetuation
perpetuation	fear	perpetuation
perpetuation	joy	perpetuation
perpetuation	negative	perpetuation
perpetuation	positive	perpetuation
perpetuation	sadness	perpetuation
perpetuation	surprise	perpetuation
perpetuation	trust	perpetuation
whip	anger	látigo
whip	anticipation	de látigo
whip	disgust	de látigo
whip	fear	de látigo
whip	joy	látigo
whip	negative	de látigo
whip	positive	de látigo
whip	sadness	de látigo
whip	surprise	látigo
whip	trust	de látigo
filmy	anger	filmy
filmy	anticipation	filmy
filmy	disgust	filmy
filmy	fear	filmy
filmy	joy	filmy
filmy	negative	filmy
filmy	positive	filmy
filmy	sadness	filmy
filmy	surprise	filmy
filmy	trust	filmy
concussion	anger	concussion
concussion	anticipation	concussion
concussion	disgust	concussion
concussion	fear	concussion
concussion	joy	concussion
concussion	negative	concussion
concussion	positive	concussion
concussion	sadness	concussion
concussion	surprise	concussion
concussion	trust	concussion
brimming	anger	brimming
brimming	anticipation	brimming
brimming	disgust	brimming
brimming	fear	brimming
brimming	joy	brimming
brimming	negative	brimming
brimming	positive	brimming
brimming	sadness	brimming
brimming	surprise	brimming
brimming	trust	brimming
catalytic	anger	catalítico
catalytic	anticipation	catalítico
catalytic	disgust	catalítico
catalytic	fear	catalítico
catalytic	joy	catalítico
catalytic	negative	catalítico
catalytic	positive	catalítico
catalytic	sadness	catalítico
catalytic	surprise	catalítico
catalytic	trust	catalítico
sprite	anger	sprite
sprite	anticipation	sprite
sprite	disgust	sprite
sprite	fear	sprite
sprite	joy	sprite
sprite	negative	sprite
sprite	positive	sprite
sprite	sadness	sprite
sprite	surprise	sprite
sprite	trust	sprite
jog	anger	jog
jog	anticipation	jog
jog	disgust	jog
jog	fear	jog
jog	joy	jog
jog	negative	jog
jog	positive	jog
jog	sadness	jog
jog	surprise	jog
jog	trust	jog
obtainable	anger	asequible
obtainable	anticipation	asequible
obtainable	disgust	asequible
obtainable	fear	asequible
obtainable	joy	asequible
obtainable	negative	asequible
obtainable	positive	asequible
obtainable	sadness	asequible
obtainable	surprise	asequible
obtainable	trust	asequible
warranted	anger	warranted
warranted	anticipation	warranted
warranted	disgust	warranted
warranted	fear	warranted
warranted	joy	warranted
warranted	negative	warranted
warranted	positive	warranted
warranted	sadness	warranted
warranted	surprise	warranted
warranted	trust	warranted
optical	anger	óptico
optical	anticipation	óptico
optical	disgust	óptico
optical	fear	óptico
optical	joy	óptico
optical	negative	óptico
optical	positive	óptico
optical	sadness	nutrición
optical	surprise	de nutrición
optical	trust	óptica
nutrition	anger	óptica
nutrition	anticipation	óptica
nutrition	disgust	nutrición
nutrition	fear	de nutrición
nutrition	joy	de nutrición
nutrition	negative	de nutrición
nutrition	positive	nutrición
nutrition	sadness	de nutrición
nutrition	surprise	de nutrición
nutrition	trust	de nutrición
declaratory	anger	declarativa
declaratory	anticipation	declarativo
declaratory	disgust	declarativo
declaratory	fear	declarativo
declaratory	joy	declarativo
declaratory	negative	declarativo
declaratory	positive	declarativo
declaratory	sadness	declarativo
declaratory	surprise	declarativo
declaratory	trust	declarativo
mien	anger	mien
mien	anticipation	mien
mien	disgust	mien
mien	fear	mien
mien	joy	mien
mien	negative	mien
mien	positive	mien
mien	sadness	mien
mien	surprise	mien
mien	trust	mien
trundle	anger	trundle
trundle	anticipation	trundle
trundle	disgust	trundle
trundle	fear	trundle
trundle	joy	trundle
trundle	negative	trundle
trundle	positive	trundle
trundle	sadness	trundle
trundle	surprise	trundle
trundle	trust	trundle
simulate	anger	simular
simulate	anticipation	simular
simulate	disgust	simular
simulate	fear	simular
simulate	joy	simular
simulate	negative	simular
simulate	positive	simular
simulate	sadness	simular
simulate	surprise	simular
simulate	trust	simular
pursuing	anger	persiguiendo
pursuing	anticipation	persiguiendo
pursuing	disgust	persiguiendo
pursuing	fear	persiguiendo
pursuing	joy	persiguiendo
pursuing	negative	persiguiendo
pursuing	positive	persiguiendo
pursuing	sadness	persiguiendo
pursuing	surprise	persiguiendo
pursuing	trust	persiguiendo
insolent	anger	insolente
insolent	anticipation	insolente
insolent	disgust	insolente
insolent	fear	insolente
insolent	joy	insolente
insolent	negative	insolente
insolent	positive	insolente
insolent	sadness	insolente
insolent	surprise	insolente
insolent	trust	insolente
goo	anger	goo
goo	anticipation	goo
goo	disgust	goo
goo	fear	goo
goo	joy	goo
goo	negative	goo
goo	positive	goo
goo	sadness	goo
goo	surprise	goo
goo	trust	goo
applause	anger	aplauso
applause	anticipation	de aplauso
applause	disgust	de aplauso
applause	fear	de aplauso
applause	joy	aplauso
applause	negative	de aplauso
applause	positive	de aplauso
applause	sadness	de aplauso
applause	surprise	balanza
applause	trust	de balanza
scales	anger	de aplauso
scales	anticipation	de aplauso
scales	disgust	balanza
scales	fear	de balanza
scales	joy	de balanza
scales	negative	de balanza
scales	positive	balanza
scales	sadness	de balanza
scales	surprise	de balanza
scales	trust	de balanza
chartered	anger	chartered
chartered	anticipation	chartered
chartered	disgust	chartered
chartered	fear	chartered
chartered	joy	chartered
chartered	negative	chartered
chartered	positive	chartered
chartered	sadness	chartered
chartered	surprise	chartered
chartered	trust	chartered
ton	anger	tonelada
ton	anticipation	de tonelada
ton	disgust	de tonelada
ton	fear	de tonelada
ton	joy	tonelada
ton	negative	de tonelada
ton	positive	de tonelada
ton	sadness	de tonelada
ton	surprise	tonelada
ton	trust	de tonelada
bordering	anger	limítrofe
bordering	anticipation	limítrofe
bordering	disgust	limítrofe
bordering	fear	limítrofe
bordering	joy	limítrofe
bordering	negative	limítrofe
bordering	positive	limítrofe
bordering	sadness	bodega
bordering	surprise	de bodega
bordering	trust	limítrofe
cellar	anger	limítrofe
cellar	anticipation	limítrofe
cellar	disgust	bodega
cellar	fear	de bodega
cellar	joy	de bodega
cellar	negative	de bodega
cellar	positive	bodega
cellar	sadness	de bodega
cellar	surprise	de bodega
cellar	trust	de bodega que
indicating	anger	indica
indicating	anticipation	indicando
indicating	disgust	indicando
indicating	fear	indicando
indicating	joy	indicando
indicating	negative	indicando
indicating	positive	indicando
indicating	sadness	indicando
indicating	surprise	indicando
indicating	trust	indicando
erratic	anger	erratic
erratic	anticipation	erratic
erratic	disgust	erratic
erratic	fear	erratic
erratic	joy	erratic
erratic	negative	erratic
erratic	positive	erratic
erratic	sadness	erratic
erratic	surprise	erratic
erratic	trust	erratic
craft	anger	oficio
craft	anticipation	de oficio
craft	disgust	de oficio
craft	fear	de oficio
craft	joy	oficio
craft	negative	de oficio
craft	positive	de oficio
craft	sadness	de oficio
craft	surprise	oficio
craft	trust	de oficio que
approaching	anger	se acerca
approaching	anticipation	acercándose
approaching	disgust	acercándose
approaching	fear	acercándose
approaching	joy	acercándose
approaching	negative	acercándose
approaching	positive	acercándose
approaching	sadness	acercándose
approaching	surprise	acercándose
approaching	trust	acercándose
gondola	anger	góndola
gondola	anticipation	de góndola
gondola	disgust	de góndola
gondola	fear	de góndola
gondola	joy	góndola
gondola	negative	de góndola
gondola	positive	de góndola
gondola	sadness	de góndola
gondola	surprise	góndola
gondola	trust	de góndola
etch	anger	etch
etch	anticipation	etch
etch	disgust	etch
etch	fear	etch
etch	joy	etch
etch	negative	etch
etch	positive	etch
etch	sadness	etch
etch	surprise	etch
etch	trust	etch
directed	anger	dirigió
directed	anticipation	dirigido
directed	disgust	dirigió
directed	fear	dirigido
directed	joy	dirigió
directed	negative	dirigido
directed	positive	dirigió
directed	sadness	dirigido
directed	surprise	dirigió
directed	trust	dirigido
suitable	anger	adecuado
suitable	anticipation	adecuado
suitable	disgust	adecuado
suitable	fear	adecuado
suitable	joy	adecuado
suitable	negative	adecuado
suitable	positive	adecuado
suitable	sadness	excursión
suitable	surprise	de excursión
suitable	trust	adecuada
excursion	anger	adecuada
excursion	anticipation	adecuada
excursion	disgust	excursión
excursion	fear	de excursión
excursion	joy	de excursión
excursion	negative	de excursión
excursion	positive	excursión
excursion	sadness	de excursión
excursion	surprise	de excursión
excursion	trust	de excursión
refuse	anger	residuos
refuse	anticipation	de residuos
refuse	disgust	de residuos
refuse	fear	de residuos
refuse	joy	residuos
refuse	negative	de residuos
refuse	positive	de residuos
refuse	sadness	de residuos
refuse	surprise	residuos
refuse	trust	de residuos
leaned	anger	apoyaron
leaned	anticipation	apoyados
leaned	disgust	apoyó
leaned	fear	apoyado
leaned	joy	apoyó
leaned	negative	apoyado
leaned	positive	apoyó
leaned	sadness	apoyado
leaned	surprise	apoyó
leaned	trust	caminata
trek	anger	de caminata
trek	anticipation	de caminata
trek	disgust	apoyada
trek	fear	caminata
trek	joy	de caminata
trek	negative	de caminata
trek	positive	de caminata
trek	sadness	caminata
trek	surprise	de caminata
trek	trust	de la caminata
thirsty	anger	thirsty
thirsty	anticipation	thirsty
thirsty	disgust	thirsty
thirsty	fear	thirsty
thirsty	joy	thirsty
thirsty	negative	thirsty
thirsty	positive	thirsty
thirsty	sadness	thirsty
thirsty	surprise	thirsty
thirsty	trust	thirsty
grenade	anger	grenade
grenade	anticipation	grenade
grenade	disgust	grenade
grenade	fear	grenade
grenade	joy	grenade
grenade	negative	grenade
grenade	positive	grenade
grenade	sadness	grenade
grenade	surprise	grenade
grenade	trust	grenade
backwater	anger	backwater
backwater	anticipation	backwater
backwater	disgust	backwater
backwater	fear	backwater
backwater	joy	backwater
backwater	negative	backwater
backwater	positive	backwater
backwater	sadness	backwater
backwater	surprise	backwater
backwater	trust	backwater
rapt	anger	rapt
rapt	anticipation	rapt
rapt	disgust	rapt
rapt	fear	rapt
rapt	joy	rapt
rapt	negative	rapt
rapt	positive	rapt
rapt	sadness	rapt
rapt	surprise	rapt
rapt	trust	rapt
sabotage	anger	sabotaje
sabotage	anticipation	de sabotaje
sabotage	disgust	de sabotaje
sabotage	fear	de sabotaje
sabotage	joy	sabotaje
sabotage	negative	de sabotaje
sabotage	positive	de sabotaje
sabotage	sadness	de sabotaje
sabotage	surprise	sabotaje
sabotage	trust	de sabotaje
churchyard	anger	churchyard
churchyard	anticipation	churchyard
churchyard	disgust	churchyard
churchyard	fear	churchyard
churchyard	joy	churchyard
churchyard	negative	churchyard
churchyard	positive	churchyard
churchyard	sadness	churchyard
churchyard	surprise	churchyard
churchyard	trust	churchyard
interment	anger	interment
interment	anticipation	interment
interment	disgust	interment
interment	fear	interment
interment	joy	interment
interment	negative	interment
interment	positive	interment
interment	sadness	interment
interment	surprise	interment
interment	trust	interment
humorist	anger	humorista
humorist	anticipation	de humorista
humorist	disgust	de humorista
humorist	fear	de humorista
humorist	joy	humorista
humorist	negative	de humorista
humorist	positive	de humorista
humorist	sadness	de humorista
humorist	surprise	capacidad
humorist	trust	de capacidad
capability	anger	de humorista
capability	anticipation	de humorista
capability	disgust	capacidad
capability	fear	de capacidad
capability	joy	de capacidad
capability	negative	de capacidad
capability	positive	capacidad
capability	sadness	de capacidad
capability	surprise	de capacidad
capability	trust	de capacidad
esteem	anger	estima
esteem	anticipation	de estima
esteem	disgust	de estima
esteem	fear	de estima
esteem	joy	estima
esteem	negative	de estima
esteem	positive	de estima
esteem	sadness	de estima
esteem	surprise	tapicería
esteem	trust	de tapicería
upholstery	anger	de estima
upholstery	anticipation	de estima
upholstery	disgust	tapicería
upholstery	fear	de tapicería
upholstery	joy	de tapicería
upholstery	negative	de tapicería
upholstery	positive	tapicería
upholstery	sadness	de tapicería
upholstery	surprise	de tapicería
upholstery	trust	de tapicería
spin	anger	espín
spin	anticipation	de espín
spin	disgust	de espín
spin	fear	de espín
spin	joy	espín
spin	negative	de espín
spin	positive	de espín
spin	sadness	de espín
spin	surprise	espín
spin	trust	de espín
pinnacle	anger	pinnacle
pinnacle	anticipation	pinnacle
pinnacle	disgust	pinnacle
pinnacle	fear	pinnacle
pinnacle	joy	pinnacle
pinnacle	negative	pinnacle
pinnacle	positive	pinnacle
pinnacle	sadness	pinnacle
pinnacle	surprise	pinnacle
pinnacle	trust	pinnacle
garbled	anger	confuso
garbled	anticipation	confuso
garbled	disgust	confuso
garbled	fear	confuso
garbled	joy	confuso
garbled	negative	confuso
garbled	positive	confuso
garbled	sadness	confuso
garbled	surprise	confuso
garbled	trust	confuso
expectant	anger	expectant
expectant	anticipation	expectant
expectant	disgust	expectant
expectant	fear	expectant
expectant	joy	expectant
expectant	negative	expectant
expectant	positive	expectant
expectant	sadness	expectant
expectant	surprise	expectant
expectant	trust	expectant
transcribe	anger	transcribir
transcribe	anticipation	transcribir
transcribe	disgust	transcribir
transcribe	fear	transcribir
transcribe	joy	transcribir
transcribe	negative	transcribir
transcribe	positive	transcribir
transcribe	sadness	transcribir
transcribe	surprise	transcribir
transcribe	trust	transcribir
silken	anger	silken
silken	anticipation	silken
silken	disgust	silken
silken	fear	silken
silken	joy	silken
silken	negative	silken
silken	positive	silken
silken	sadness	silken
silken	surprise	silken
silken	trust	silken
shun	anger	rehuir
shun	anticipation	rehuir
shun	disgust	rehuir
shun	fear	rehuir
shun	joy	rehuir
shun	negative	rehuir
shun	positive	rehuir
shun	sadness	rehuir
shun	surprise	rehuir
shun	trust	rehuir
shapely	anger	shapely
shapely	anticipation	shapely
shapely	disgust	shapely
shapely	fear	shapely
shapely	joy	shapely
shapely	negative	shapely
shapely	positive	shapely
shapely	sadness	shapely
shapely	surprise	shapely
shapely	trust	shapely
oblique	anger	oblique
oblique	anticipation	oblique
oblique	disgust	oblique
oblique	fear	oblique
oblique	joy	oblique
oblique	negative	oblique
oblique	positive	oblique
oblique	sadness	oblique
oblique	surprise	oblique
oblique	trust	oblique
tragedy	anger	tragedia
tragedy	anticipation	de tragedia
tragedy	disgust	de tragedia
tragedy	fear	de tragedia
tragedy	joy	tragedia
tragedy	negative	de tragedia
tragedy	positive	de tragedia
tragedy	sadness	de tragedia
tragedy	surprise	mensajero
tragedy	trust	de mensajero
messenger	anger	de tragedia
messenger	anticipation	de tragedia
messenger	disgust	mensajero
messenger	fear	de mensajero
messenger	joy	de mensajero
messenger	negative	de mensajero
messenger	positive	mensajero
messenger	sadness	de mensajero
messenger	surprise	de mensajero
messenger	trust	de mensajero
walnut	anger	nuez
walnut	anticipation	de nuez
walnut	disgust	de nuez
walnut	fear	de nuez
walnut	joy	nuez
walnut	negative	de nuez
walnut	positive	de nuez
walnut	sadness	de nuez
walnut	surprise	nuez
walnut	trust	de nuez
startle	anger	startle
startle	anticipation	startle
startle	disgust	startle
startle	fear	startle
startle	joy	startle
startle	negative	startle
startle	positive	startle
startle	sadness	startle
startle	surprise	startle
startle	trust	startle
cohort	anger	cohort
cohort	anticipation	cohort
cohort	disgust	cohort
cohort	fear	cohort
cohort	joy	cohort
cohort	negative	cohort
cohort	positive	cohort
cohort	sadness	cohort
cohort	surprise	cohort
cohort	trust	cohort
hospital	anger	hospital
hospital	anticipation	de hospital
hospital	disgust	de hospital
hospital	fear	de hospital
hospital	joy	hospital
hospital	negative	de hospital
hospital	positive	de hospital
hospital	sadness	de hospital
hospital	surprise	desorden
hospital	trust	de desorden
disorder	anger	de hospital
disorder	anticipation	de hospital
disorder	disgust	desorden
disorder	fear	de desorden
disorder	joy	de desorden
disorder	negative	de desorden
disorder	positive	desorden
disorder	sadness	de desorden
disorder	surprise	de desorden
disorder	trust	de desorden
emergency	anger	emergencia
emergency	anticipation	de emergencia
emergency	disgust	de emergencia
emergency	fear	de emergencia
emergency	joy	emergencia
emergency	negative	de emergencia
emergency	positive	de emergencia
emergency	sadness	de emergencia
emergency	surprise	emergencia
emergency	trust	de emergencia
moldy	anger	moldy
moldy	anticipation	moldy
moldy	disgust	moldy
moldy	fear	moldy
moldy	joy	moldy
moldy	negative	moldy
moldy	positive	moldy
moldy	sadness	moldy
moldy	surprise	moldy
moldy	trust	moldy
straight	anger	directamente
straight	anticipation	directamente
straight	disgust	directamente
straight	fear	directamente
straight	joy	directamente
straight	negative	directamente
straight	positive	directamente
straight	sadness	directamente
straight	surprise	directamente
straight	trust	directamente
abandoned	anger	abandonado
abandoned	anticipation	abandonado
abandoned	disgust	abandonado
abandoned	fear	abandonado
abandoned	joy	abandonado
abandoned	negative	abandonado
abandoned	positive	abandonado
abandoned	sadness	asesinato
abandoned	surprise	de asesinato
abandoned	trust	abandonado
murder	anger	abandonado
murder	anticipation	abandonado
murder	disgust	asesinato
murder	fear	de asesinato
murder	joy	de asesinato
murder	negative	de asesinato
murder	positive	asesinato
murder	sadness	de asesinato
murder	surprise	de asesinato
murder	trust	de asesinato
navigator	anger	explorador
navigator	anticipation	de explorador
navigator	disgust	de explorador
navigator	fear	de explorador
navigator	joy	explorador
navigator	negative	de explorador
navigator	positive	de explorador
navigator	sadness	de explorador
navigator	surprise	explorador
navigator	trust	de explorador
incompatible	anger	incompatible
incompatible	anticipation	incompatible
incompatible	disgust	incompatible
incompatible	fear	incompatible
incompatible	joy	incompatible
incompatible	negative	incompatible
incompatible	positive	incompatible
incompatible	sadness	autoría
incompatible	surprise	de autoría
incompatible	trust	incompatible
authorship	anger	incompatible
authorship	anticipation	incompatible
authorship	disgust	autoría
authorship	fear	de autoría
authorship	joy	de autoría
authorship	negative	de autoría
authorship	positive	autoría
authorship	sadness	de autoría
authorship	surprise	de autoría
authorship	trust	de autoría
maniacal	anger	maniacal
maniacal	anticipation	maniacal
maniacal	disgust	maniacal
maniacal	fear	maniacal
maniacal	joy	maniacal
maniacal	negative	maniacal
maniacal	positive	maniacal
maniacal	sadness	maniacal
maniacal	surprise	maniacal
maniacal	trust	maniacal
alluring	anger	atrayente
alluring	anticipation	atrayente
alluring	disgust	atrayente
alluring	fear	atrayente
alluring	joy	atrayente
alluring	negative	atrayente
alluring	positive	atrayente
alluring	sadness	atrayente
alluring	surprise	atrayente
alluring	trust	atrayente
scintillator	anger	scintillator
scintillator	anticipation	scintillator
scintillator	disgust	scintillator
scintillator	fear	scintillator
scintillator	joy	scintillator
scintillator	negative	scintillator
scintillator	positive	scintillator
scintillator	sadness	scintillator
scintillator	surprise	scintillator
scintillator	trust	scintillator
isle	anger	isle
isle	anticipation	isle
isle	disgust	isle
isle	fear	isle
isle	joy	isle
isle	negative	isle
isle	positive	isle
isle	sadness	isle
isle	surprise	isle
isle	trust	isle
builder	anger	constructor
builder	anticipation	de constructor
builder	disgust	de constructor
builder	fear	de constructor
builder	joy	constructor
builder	negative	de constructor
builder	positive	de constructor
builder	sadness	de constructor
builder	surprise	viudo
builder	trust	de viudo
widower	anger	de constructor
widower	anticipation	de constructor
widower	disgust	viudo
widower	fear	de viudo
widower	joy	de viudo
widower	negative	de viudo
widower	positive	viudo
widower	sadness	de viudo
widower	surprise	de viudo
widower	trust	de viudo
idiomatic	anger	idiomático
idiomatic	anticipation	idiomático
idiomatic	disgust	idiomático
idiomatic	fear	idiomático
idiomatic	joy	idiomático
idiomatic	negative	idiomático
idiomatic	positive	idiomático
idiomatic	sadness	herpes
idiomatic	surprise	de herpes
idiomatic	trust	idiomático
herpes	anger	idiomático
herpes	anticipation	idiomático
herpes	disgust	herpes
herpes	fear	de herpes
herpes	joy	de herpes
herpes	negative	de herpes
herpes	positive	herpes
herpes	sadness	de herpes
herpes	surprise	de herpes
herpes	trust	de herpes
niche	anger	nicho
niche	anticipation	de nicho
niche	disgust	de nicho
niche	fear	de nicho
niche	joy	nicho
niche	negative	de nicho
niche	positive	de nicho
niche	sadness	de nicho
niche	surprise	bragas
niche	trust	de bragas
panties	anger	de nicho
panties	anticipation	de nicho
panties	disgust	bragas
panties	fear	de bragas
panties	joy	de bragas
panties	negative	de bragas
panties	positive	bragas
panties	sadness	de bragas
panties	surprise	de bragas
panties	trust	de bragas
form	anger	forma
form	anticipation	de forma
form	disgust	de forma
form	fear	de forma
form	joy	forma
form	negative	de forma
form	positive	de forma
form	sadness	de forma
form	surprise	helecho
form	trust	de helecho
fern	anger	de forma
fern	anticipation	de forma
fern	disgust	helecho
fern	fear	de helecho
fern	joy	de helecho
fern	negative	de helecho
fern	positive	helecho
fern	sadness	de helecho
fern	surprise	de helecho
fern	trust	de helecho
baby	anger	criatura
baby	anticipation	de criatura
baby	disgust	de criatura
baby	fear	de criatura
baby	joy	criatura
baby	negative	de criatura
baby	positive	de criatura
baby	sadness	de criatura
baby	surprise	criatura
baby	trust	de criatura
highland	anger	de montaña
highland	anticipation	de montaña
highland	disgust	de montaña
highland	fear	de montaña
highland	joy	de montaña
highland	negative	de montaña
highland	positive	de montaña
highland	sadness	de montaña
highland	surprise	de montaña
highland	trust	de montaña
candlestick	anger	candlestick
candlestick	anticipation	candlestick
candlestick	disgust	candlestick
candlestick	fear	candlestick
candlestick	joy	candlestick
candlestick	negative	candlestick
candlestick	positive	candlestick
candlestick	sadness	candlestick
candlestick	surprise	candlestick
candlestick	trust	candlestick
deodorant	anger	desodorante
deodorant	anticipation	de desodorante
deodorant	disgust	de desodorante
deodorant	fear	de desodorante
deodorant	joy	desodorante
deodorant	negative	de desodorante
deodorant	positive	de desodorante
deodorant	sadness	de desodorante
deodorant	surprise	necrología
deodorant	trust	de necrología
obituary	anger	de desodorante
obituary	anticipation	de desodorante
obituary	disgust	necrología
obituary	fear	de necrología
obituary	joy	de necrología
obituary	negative	de necrología
obituary	positive	necrología
obituary	sadness	de necrología
obituary	surprise	de necrología
obituary	trust	de necrología
agua	anger	agua
agua	anticipation	agua
agua	disgust	agua
agua	fear	agua
agua	joy	agua
agua	negative	agua
agua	positive	agua
agua	sadness	agua
agua	surprise	agua
agua	trust	agua
probationary	anger	probationary
probationary	anticipation	probationary
probationary	disgust	probationary
probationary	fear	probationary
probationary	joy	probationary
probationary	negative	probationary
probationary	positive	probationary
probationary	sadness	probationary
probationary	surprise	probationary
probationary	trust	probationary
incredulous	anger	incredulous
incredulous	anticipation	incredulous
incredulous	disgust	incredulous
incredulous	fear	incredulous
incredulous	joy	incredulous
incredulous	negative	incredulous
incredulous	positive	incredulous
incredulous	sadness	incredulous
incredulous	surprise	incredulous
incredulous	trust	incredulous
mystical	anger	mystical
mystical	anticipation	mystical
mystical	disgust	mystical
mystical	fear	mystical
mystical	joy	mystical
mystical	negative	mystical
mystical	positive	mystical
mystical	sadness	mystical
mystical	surprise	mystical
mystical	trust	mystical
complexion	anger	complexion
complexion	anticipation	complexion
complexion	disgust	complexion
complexion	fear	complexion
complexion	joy	complexion
complexion	negative	complexion
complexion	positive	complexion
complexion	sadness	complexion
complexion	surprise	complexion
complexion	trust	complexion
render	anger	render
render	anticipation	render
render	disgust	render
render	fear	render
render	joy	render
render	negative	render
render	positive	render
render	sadness	render
render	surprise	render
render	trust	render
unique	anger	único
unique	anticipation	único
unique	disgust	único
unique	fear	único
unique	joy	único
unique	negative	único
unique	positive	único
unique	sadness	único
unique	surprise	único
unique	trust	único
ordnance	anger	ordnance
ordnance	anticipation	ordnance
ordnance	disgust	ordnance
ordnance	fear	ordnance
ordnance	joy	ordnance
ordnance	negative	ordnance
ordnance	positive	ordnance
ordnance	sadness	ordnance
ordnance	surprise	ordnance
ordnance	trust	ordnance
military	anger	militar
military	anticipation	militar
military	disgust	militar
military	fear	militar
military	joy	militar
military	negative	militar
military	positive	ejército
military	sadness	militar
military	surprise	militar
military	trust	militar
warrants	anger	warrants
warrants	anticipation	warrants
warrants	disgust	warrants
warrants	fear	warrants
warrants	joy	warrants
warrants	negative	warrants
warrants	positive	warrants
warrants	sadness	warrants
warrants	surprise	warrants
warrants	trust	warrants
sleuth	anger	sleuth
sleuth	anticipation	sleuth
sleuth	disgust	sleuth
sleuth	fear	sleuth
sleuth	joy	sleuth
sleuth	negative	sleuth
sleuth	positive	sleuth
sleuth	sadness	sleuth
sleuth	surprise	sleuth
sleuth	trust	sleuth
perpetuity	anger	perpetuidad
perpetuity	anticipation	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	disgust	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	fear	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	joy	perpetuidad
perpetuity	negative	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	positive	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	sadness	de perpetuidad
perpetuity	surprise	perpetuidad
perpetuity	trust	de perpetuidad
abandon	anger	abandona
abandon	anticipation	abandonar
abandon	disgust	abandonar
abandon	fear	abandonar
abandon	joy	abandonar
abandon	negative	abandonar
abandon	positive	abandonar
abandon	sadness	abandonar
abandon	surprise	abandonar
abandon	trust	abandonar
bite	anger	mordisco
bite	anticipation	de mordisco
bite	disgust	de mordisco
bite	fear	de mordisco
bite	joy	mordisco
bite	negative	de mordisco
bite	positive	de mordisco
bite	sadness	de mordisco
bite	surprise	mordisco
bite	trust	de mordisco
complementary	anger	complementario
complementary	anticipation	complementario
complementary	disgust	complementario
complementary	fear	complementario
complementary	joy	complementario
complementary	negative	complementario
complementary	positive	complementario
complementary	sadness	competidor
complementary	surprise	de competidor
complementary	trust	complementario
competitor	anger	complementario
competitor	anticipation	complementario
competitor	disgust	competidor
competitor	fear	de competidor
competitor	joy	de competidor
competitor	negative	de competidor
competitor	positive	competidor
competitor	sadness	de competidor
competitor	surprise	de competidor
competitor	trust	de competidor
cunning	anger	astuto
cunning	anticipation	astuto
cunning	disgust	astuto
cunning	fear	astuto
cunning	joy	astuto
cunning	negative	astuto
cunning	positive	astuto
cunning	sadness	confirmación
cunning	surprise	de confirmación
cunning	trust	astuta
confirmation	anger	astuta
confirmation	anticipation	astuta
confirmation	disgust	confirmación
confirmation	fear	de confirmación
confirmation	joy	de confirmación
confirmation	negative	de confirmación
confirmation	positive	confirmación
confirmation	sadness	de confirmación
confirmation	surprise	de confirmación
confirmation	trust	de confirmación
belated	anger	tardía
belated	anticipation	tardío
belated	disgust	tardío
belated	fear	tardío
belated	joy	tardío
belated	negative	tardío
belated	positive	tardío
belated	sadness	sastre
belated	surprise	de sastre
belated	trust	tardío
tailor	anger	tardío
tailor	anticipation	tardío
tailor	disgust	sastre
tailor	fear	de sastre
tailor	joy	de sastre
tailor	negative	de sastre
tailor	positive	sastre
tailor	sadness	de sastre
tailor	surprise	de sastre
tailor	trust	de sastre
subdued	anger	subdued
subdued	anticipation	subdued
subdued	disgust	subdued
subdued	fear	subdued
subdued	joy	subdued
subdued	negative	subdued
subdued	positive	subdued
subdued	sadness	subdued
subdued	surprise	subdued
subdued	trust	subdued
subconscious	anger	subconscious
subconscious	anticipation	subconscious
subconscious	disgust	subconscious
subconscious	fear	subconscious
subconscious	joy	subconscious
subconscious	negative	subconscious
subconscious	positive	subconscious
subconscious	sadness	subconscious
subconscious	surprise	subconscious
subconscious	trust	subconscious
figure	anger	figura
figure	anticipation	de figura
figure	disgust	de figura
figure	fear	de figura
figure	joy	figura
figure	negative	de figura
figure	positive	de figura
figure	sadness	de figura
figure	surprise	figura
figure	trust	de figura
vanished	anger	desapareció
vanished	anticipation	desaparecida
vanished	disgust	desapareció
vanished	fear	desaparecido
vanished	joy	desapareció
vanished	negative	desaparecido
vanished	positive	desapareció
vanished	sadness	desaparecido
vanished	surprise	desapareció
vanished	trust	desaparecido
unresolved	anger	irresoluto
unresolved	anticipation	irresoluto
unresolved	disgust	irresoluto
unresolved	fear	irresoluto
unresolved	joy	irresoluto
unresolved	negative	irresoluto
unresolved	positive	irresoluto
unresolved	sadness	susto
unresolved	surprise	de susto
unresolved	trust	irresoluto
scare	anger	irresoluto
scare	anticipation	irresoluto
scare	disgust	susto
scare	fear	de susto
scare	joy	de susto
scare	negative	de susto
scare	positive	susto
scare	sadness	de susto
scare	surprise	de susto
scare	trust	de susto
node	anger	nodo
node	anticipation	de nodo
node	disgust	de nodo
node	fear	de nodo
node	joy	nodo
node	negative	de nodo
node	positive	de nodo
node	sadness	de nodo
node	surprise	nodo
node	trust	de nodo
subsistence	anger	subsistence
subsistence	anticipation	subsistence
subsistence	disgust	subsistence
subsistence	fear	subsistence
subsistence	joy	subsistence
subsistence	negative	subsistence
subsistence	positive	subsistence
subsistence	sadness	subsistence
subsistence	surprise	subsistence
subsistence	trust	subsistence
executive	anger	ejecutivo
executive	anticipation	ejecutivo
executive	disgust	ejecutivo
executive	fear	ejecutivo
executive	joy	ejecutivo
executive	negative	ejecutivo
executive	positive	ejecutivo
executive	sadness	ejecutivo
executive	surprise	ejecutivo
executive	trust	ejecutivo
terrorist	anger	terrorista
terrorist	anticipation	terrorista
terrorist	disgust	terrorista
terrorist	fear	terrorista
terrorist	joy	terrorista
terrorist	negative	terrorista
terrorist	positive	terrorista
terrorist	sadness	terrorista
terrorist	surprise	terrorista
terrorist	trust	terrorista
savagery	anger	savagery
savagery	anticipation	savagery
savagery	disgust	savagery
savagery	fear	savagery
savagery	joy	savagery
savagery	negative	savagery
savagery	positive	savagery
savagery	sadness	savagery
savagery	surprise	savagery
savagery	trust	savagery
hale	anger	hale
hale	anticipation	hale
hale	disgust	hale
hale	fear	hale
hale	joy	hale
hale	negative	hale
hale	positive	hale
hale	sadness	hale
hale	surprise	hale
hale	trust	hale
parcel	anger	paquete
parcel	anticipation	de paquete
parcel	disgust	de paquete
parcel	fear	de paquete
parcel	joy	paquete
parcel	negative	de paquete
parcel	positive	de paquete
parcel	sadness	de paquete
parcel	surprise	paquete
parcel	trust	de paquete
fibrous	anger	fibroso
fibrous	anticipation	fibroso
fibrous	disgust	fibroso
fibrous	fear	fibroso
fibrous	joy	fibroso
fibrous	negative	fibroso
fibrous	positive	fibroso
fibrous	sadness	estereotipo
fibrous	surprise	de estereotipo
fibrous	trust	fibroso
stereotype	anger	fibroso
stereotype	anticipation	fibroso
stereotype	disgust	estereotipo
stereotype	fear	de estereotipo
stereotype	joy	de estereotipo
stereotype	negative	de estereotipo
stereotype	positive	estereotipo
stereotype	sadness	de estereotipo
stereotype	surprise	de estereotipo
stereotype	trust	de estereotipo
lie	anger	mentira
lie	anticipation	de mentira
lie	disgust	de mentira
lie	fear	de mentira
lie	joy	mentira
lie	negative	de mentira
lie	positive	de mentira
lie	sadness	de mentira
lie	surprise	mentira
lie	trust	de mentira
grime	anger	grime
grime	anticipation	grime
grime	disgust	grime
grime	fear	grime
grime	joy	grime
grime	negative	grime
grime	positive	grime
grime	sadness	grime
grime	surprise	grime
grime	trust	grime
priest	anger	sacerdote
priest	anticipation	de sacerdote
priest	disgust	de sacerdote
priest	fear	de sacerdote
priest	joy	sacerdote
priest	negative	de sacerdote
priest	positive	de sacerdote
priest	sadness	de sacerdote
priest	surprise	sacerdote
priest	trust	de sacerdote
lineal	anger	lineal
lineal	anticipation	lineal
lineal	disgust	lineal
lineal	fear	lineal
lineal	joy	lineal
lineal	negative	lineal
lineal	positive	lineal
lineal	sadness	lineal
lineal	surprise	lineal
lineal	trust	lineal
ongoing	anger	actual
ongoing	anticipation	actual
ongoing	disgust	actual
ongoing	fear	actual
ongoing	joy	actual
ongoing	negative	actual
ongoing	positive	actual
ongoing	sadness	actual
ongoing	surprise	actual
ongoing	trust	actual
cussed	anger	cussed
cussed	anticipation	cussed
cussed	disgust	cussed
cussed	fear	cussed
cussed	joy	cussed
cussed	negative	cussed
cussed	positive	cussed
cussed	sadness	cussed
cussed	surprise	cussed
cussed	trust	cussed
chief	anger	jefe
chief	anticipation	de jefe
chief	disgust	de jefe
chief	fear	de jefe
chief	joy	jefe
chief	negative	de jefe
chief	positive	de jefe
chief	sadness	de jefe
chief	surprise	jefe
chief	trust	de jefe
lanky	anger	lanky
lanky	anticipation	lanky
lanky	disgust	lanky
lanky	fear	lanky
lanky	joy	lanky
lanky	negative	lanky
lanky	positive	lanky
lanky	sadness	lanky
lanky	surprise	lanky
lanky	trust	lanky
cane	anger	caña
cane	anticipation	de caña
cane	disgust	de caña
cane	fear	de caña
cane	joy	caña
cane	negative	de caña
cane	positive	de caña
cane	sadness	de caña
cane	surprise	refractor
cane	trust	de refractor
refractor	anger	de caña
refractor	anticipation	de caña
refractor	disgust	refractor
refractor	fear	de refractor
refractor	joy	de refractor
refractor	negative	de refractor
refractor	positive	refractor
refractor	sadness	de refractor
refractor	surprise	de refractor
refractor	trust	de refractor
liberation	anger	liberation
liberation	anticipation	liberation
liberation	disgust	liberation
liberation	fear	liberation
liberation	joy	liberation
liberation	negative	liberation
liberation	positive	liberation
liberation	sadness	liberation
liberation	surprise	liberation
liberation	trust	liberation
man	anger	hombre
man	anticipation	de hombre
man	disgust	de hombre
man	fear	de hombre
man	joy	hombre
man	negative	de hombre
man	positive	de hombre
man	sadness	de hombre
man	surprise	hombre
man	trust	de hombre
vanish	anger	desaparece
vanish	anticipation	desaparecer
vanish	disgust	desaparecer
vanish	fear	desaparecer
vanish	joy	desaparecer
vanish	negative	desaparecer
vanish	positive	desaparecer
vanish	sadness	desaparecer
vanish	surprise	desaparecer
vanish	trust	desaparecer
doubting	anger	dudando
doubting	anticipation	dudando
doubting	disgust	dudando
doubting	fear	dudando
doubting	joy	dudando
doubting	negative	dudando
doubting	positive	dudando
doubting	sadness	dudando
doubting	surprise	dudando
doubting	trust	dudando
overwhelming	anger	agobiante
overwhelming	anticipation	agobiante
overwhelming	disgust	agobiante
overwhelming	fear	agobiante
overwhelming	joy	agobiante
overwhelming	negative	agobiante
overwhelming	positive	agobiante
overwhelming	sadness	agobiante
overwhelming	surprise	agobiante
overwhelming	trust	agobiante
lichen	anger	lichen
lichen	anticipation	lichen
lichen	disgust	lichen
lichen	fear	lichen
lichen	joy	lichen
lichen	negative	lichen
lichen	positive	lichen
lichen	sadness	lichen
lichen	surprise	lichen
lichen	trust	lichen
torrid	anger	torrid
torrid	anticipation	torrid
torrid	disgust	torrid
torrid	fear	torrid
torrid	joy	torrid
torrid	negative	torrid
torrid	positive	torrid
torrid	sadness	torrid
torrid	surprise	torrid
torrid	trust	torrid
sneaking	anger	sneaking
sneaking	anticipation	sneaking
sneaking	disgust	sneaking
sneaking	fear	sneaking
sneaking	joy	sneaking
sneaking	negative	sneaking
sneaking	positive	sneaking
sneaking	sadness	sneaking
sneaking	surprise	sneaking
sneaking	trust	sneaking
groundwork	anger	groundwork
groundwork	anticipation	groundwork
groundwork	disgust	groundwork
groundwork	fear	groundwork
groundwork	joy	groundwork
groundwork	negative	groundwork
groundwork	positive	groundwork
groundwork	sadness	groundwork
groundwork	surprise	groundwork
groundwork	trust	groundwork
astral	anger	astral
astral	anticipation	astral
astral	disgust	astral
astral	fear	astral
astral	joy	astral
astral	negative	astral
astral	positive	astral
astral	sadness	rectángulo
astral	surprise	de rectángulo
astral	trust	astral
rectangle	anger	astral
rectangle	anticipation	astral
rectangle	disgust	rectángulo
rectangle	fear	de rectángulo
rectangle	joy	de rectángulo
rectangle	negative	de rectángulo
rectangle	positive	rectángulo
rectangle	sadness	de rectángulo
rectangle	surprise	de rectángulo
rectangle	trust	de rectángulo
comply	anger	comply
comply	anticipation	comply
comply	disgust	comply
comply	fear	comply
comply	joy	comply
comply	negative	comply
comply	positive	comply
comply	sadness	comply
comply	surprise	comply
comply	trust	comply
hiccup	anger	hiccup
hiccup	anticipation	hiccup
hiccup	disgust	hiccup
hiccup	fear	hiccup
hiccup	joy	hiccup
hiccup	negative	hiccup
hiccup	positive	hiccup
hiccup	sadness	hiccup
hiccup	surprise	hiccup
hiccup	trust	hiccup
devoid	anger	devoid
devoid	anticipation	devoid
devoid	disgust	devoid
devoid	fear	devoid
devoid	joy	devoid
devoid	negative	devoid
devoid	positive	devoid
devoid	sadness	devoid
devoid	surprise	devoid
devoid	trust	devoid
crayons	anger	crayons
crayons	anticipation	crayons
crayons	disgust	crayons
crayons	fear	crayons
crayons	joy	crayons
crayons	negative	crayons
crayons	positive	crayons
crayons	sadness	crayons
crayons	surprise	crayons
crayons	trust	crayons
sear	anger	sear
sear	anticipation	sear
sear	disgust	sear
sear	fear	sear
sear	joy	sear
sear	negative	sear
sear	positive	sear
sear	sadness	sear
sear	surprise	sear
sear	trust	sear
fiat	anger	fiat
fiat	anticipation	
fiat	disgust	fiat
fiat	fear	fiat
fiat	joy	fiat
fiat	negative	fiat
fiat	positive	fiat
fiat	sadness	fiat
fiat	surprise	fiat
fiat	trust	fiat
congregation	anger	fiat
congregation	anticipation	congregación de congregación
congregation	disgust	de congregación
congregation	fear	de congregación
congregation	joy	congregación
congregation	negative	de congregación
congregation	positive	de congregación
congregation	sadness	de congregación
congregation	surprise	congregación
congregation	trust	de congregación
viola	anger	viola
viola	anticipation	viola
viola	disgust	viola
viola	fear	viola
viola	joy	viola
viola	negative	viola
viola	positive	viola
viola	sadness	viola
viola	surprise	viola
viola	trust	viola
genteel	anger	genteel
genteel	anticipation	genteel
genteel	disgust	genteel
genteel	fear	genteel
genteel	joy	genteel
genteel	negative	genteel
genteel	positive	genteel
genteel	sadness	genteel
genteel	surprise	genteel
genteel	trust	genteel
friendship	anger	amistad
friendship	anticipation	de amistad
friendship	disgust	de amistad
friendship	fear	de amistad
friendship	joy	amistad
friendship	negative	de amistad
friendship	positive	de amistad
friendship	sadness	de amistad
friendship	surprise	giro
friendship	trust	de giro
twist	anger	de amistad
twist	anticipation	de amistad
twist	disgust	giro
twist	fear	de giro
twist	joy	de giro
twist	negative	de giro
twist	positive	giro
twist	sadness	de giro
twist	surprise	de giro
twist	trust	de giro
monogamy	anger	monogamia
monogamy	anticipation	de monogamia
monogamy	disgust	de monogamia
monogamy	fear	de monogamia
monogamy	joy	monogamia
monogamy	negative	de monogamia
monogamy	positive	de monogamia
monogamy	sadness	de monogamia
monogamy	surprise	ventajas
monogamy	trust	de monogamia
leads	anger	de la monogamia
leads	anticipation	dirige
leads	disgust	ventajas
leads	fear	de ventajas
leads	joy	dirige
leads	negative	las ventajas
leads	positive	dirige
leads	sadness	las ventajas
leads	surprise	dirige
leads	trust	ventajas
commissary	anger	commissary
commissary	anticipation	commissary
commissary	disgust	commissary
commissary	fear	commissary
commissary	joy	commissary
commissary	negative	commissary
commissary	positive	commissary
commissary	sadness	commissary
commissary	surprise	commissary
commissary	trust	commissary
permission	anger	permiso
permission	anticipation	de permiso
permission	disgust	de permiso
permission	fear	de permiso
permission	joy	permiso
permission	negative	de permiso
permission	positive	de permiso
permission	sadness	de permiso
permission	surprise	permiso
permission	trust	de permiso
medicinal	anger	medicinal
medicinal	anticipation	medicinal
medicinal	disgust	medicinal
medicinal	fear	medicinal
medicinal	joy	medicinal
medicinal	negative	medicinal
medicinal	positive	medicinal
medicinal	sadness	diosa
medicinal	surprise	de diosa
medicinal	trust	medicinal
goddess	anger	medicinal
goddess	anticipation	medicinal
goddess	disgust	diosa
goddess	fear	de diosa
goddess	joy	de diosa
goddess	negative	de diosa
goddess	positive	diosa
goddess	sadness	de diosa
goddess	surprise	de diosa
goddess	trust	de diosa
commensurate	anger	commensurate
commensurate	anticipation	commensurate
commensurate	disgust	commensurate
commensurate	fear	commensurate
commensurate	joy	commensurate
commensurate	negative	commensurate
commensurate	positive	commensurate
commensurate	sadness	commensurate
commensurate	surprise	commensurate
commensurate	trust	commensurate
spoof	anger	spoof
spoof	anticipation	spoof
spoof	disgust	spoof
spoof	fear	spoof
spoof	joy	spoof
spoof	negative	spoof
spoof	positive	spoof
spoof	sadness	spoof
spoof	surprise	spoof
spoof	trust	spoof
dues	anger	dues
dues	anticipation	dues
dues	disgust	dues
dues	fear	dues
dues	joy	dues
dues	negative	dues
dues	positive	dues
dues	sadness	dues
dues	surprise	dues
dues	trust	dues
operations	anger	operaciones
operations	anticipation	de operaciones
operations	disgust	de operaciones
operations	fear	de operaciones
operations	joy	operaciones
operations	negative	de operaciones
operations	positive	de operaciones
operations	sadness	de operaciones
operations	surprise	sala
operations	trust	de sala
hall	anger	de operaciones
hall	anticipation	de operaciones
hall	disgust	sala
hall	fear	de sala
hall	joy	de sala
hall	negative	de sala
hall	positive	sala
hall	sadness	de sala
hall	surprise	de sala
hall	trust	de sala
rarity	anger	rareza
rarity	anticipation	de rareza
rarity	disgust	de rareza
rarity	fear	de rareza
rarity	joy	rareza
rarity	negative	de rareza
rarity	positive	de rareza
rarity	sadness	de rareza
rarity	surprise	rareza
rarity	trust	de rareza
seaport	anger	seaport
seaport	anticipation	seaport
seaport	disgust	seaport
seaport	fear	seaport
seaport	joy	seaport
seaport	negative	seaport
seaport	positive	seaport
seaport	sadness	seaport
seaport	surprise	seaport
seaport	trust	seaport
cub	anger	cub
cub	anticipation	cub
cub	disgust	cub
cub	fear	cub
cub	joy	cub
cub	negative	cub
cub	positive	cub
cub	sadness	cub
cub	surprise	cub
cub	trust	cub
forking	anger	bifurcándose
forking	anticipation	bifurcándose
forking	disgust	bifurcándose
forking	fear	bifurcándose
forking	joy	bifurcándose
forking	negative	bifurcándose
forking	positive	bifurcándose
forking	sadness	bifurcándose
forking	surprise	bifurcándose
forking	trust	bifurcándose
depression	anger	depresión
depression	anticipation	de depresión
depression	disgust	de depresión
depression	fear	de depresión
depression	joy	depresión
depression	negative	de depresión
depression	positive	de depresión
depression	sadness	de depresión
depression	surprise	grava
depression	trust	de grava
gravel	anger	de depresión
gravel	anticipation	de depresión
gravel	disgust	grava
gravel	fear	de grava
gravel	joy	de grava
gravel	negative	de grava
gravel	positive	grava
gravel	sadness	de grava
gravel	surprise	de grava
gravel	trust	de grava
designate	anger	designa
designate	anticipation	designar
designate	disgust	designar
designate	fear	designar
designate	joy	designar
designate	negative	designar
designate	positive	designar
designate	sadness	designar
designate	surprise	designar
designate	trust	designar
mid	anger	mid
mid	anticipation	mid
mid	disgust	mid
mid	fear	mid
mid	joy	mid
mid	negative	mid
mid	positive	mid
mid	sadness	mid
mid	surprise	mid
mid	trust	mid
bookkeeper	anger	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	anticipation	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	disgust	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	fear	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	joy	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	negative	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	positive	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	sadness	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	surprise	bookkeeper
bookkeeper	trust	bookkeeper
tarnish	anger	tarnish
tarnish	anticipation	tarnish
tarnish	disgust	tarnish
tarnish	fear	tarnish
tarnish	joy	tarnish
tarnish	negative	tarnish
tarnish	positive	tarnish
tarnish	sadness	tarnish
tarnish	surprise	tarnish
tarnish	trust	tarnish
gamut	anger	gamut
gamut	anticipation	gamut
gamut	disgust	gamut
gamut	fear	gamut
gamut	joy	gamut
gamut	negative	gamut
gamut	positive	gamut
gamut	sadness	gamut
gamut	surprise	gamut
gamut	trust	gamut
crucial	anger	crucial
crucial	anticipation	crucial
crucial	disgust	crucial
crucial	fear	crucial
crucial	joy	crucial
crucial	negative	crucial
crucial	positive	crucial
crucial	sadness	crucial
crucial	surprise	crucial
crucial	trust	crucial
optic	anger	optic
optic	anticipation	optic
optic	disgust	optic
optic	fear	optic
optic	joy	optic
optic	negative	optic
optic	positive	optic
optic	sadness	optic
optic	surprise	optic
optic	trust	optic
filigree	anger	filigrana
filigree	anticipation	de filigrana
filigree	disgust	de filigrana
filigree	fear	de filigrana
filigree	joy	filigrana
filigree	negative	de filigrana
filigree	positive	de filigrana
filigree	sadness	de filigrana
filigree	surprise	as
filigree	trust	de as
ace	anger	de filigrana
ace	anticipation	de filigrana
ace	disgust	as
ace	fear	de as
ace	joy	de as
ace	negative	de as
ace	positive	as
ace	sadness	de as
ace	surprise	de as
ace	trust	de as
stunt	anger	truco
stunt	anticipation	de truco
stunt	disgust	de truco
stunt	fear	de truco
stunt	joy	truco
stunt	negative	de truco
stunt	positive	de truco
stunt	sadness	de truco
stunt	surprise	sequedad
stunt	trust	de sequedad
dryness	anger	de truco
dryness	anticipation	de truco
dryness	disgust	sequedad
dryness	fear	de sequedad
dryness	joy	de sequedad
dryness	negative	de sequedad
dryness	positive	sequedad
dryness	sadness	de sequedad
dryness	surprise	de sequedad
dryness	trust	de sequedad
forearm	anger	antebrazo
forearm	anticipation	de antebrazo
forearm	disgust	de antebrazo
forearm	fear	de antebrazo
forearm	joy	antebrazo
forearm	negative	de antebrazo
forearm	positive	de antebrazo
forearm	sadness	de antebrazo
forearm	surprise	antebrazo
forearm	trust	de antebrazo
disheartened	anger	disheartened
disheartened	anticipation	disheartened
disheartened	disgust	disheartened
disheartened	fear	disheartened
disheartened	joy	disheartened
disheartened	negative	disheartened
disheartened	positive	disheartened
disheartened	sadness	disheartened
disheartened	surprise	disheartened
disheartened	trust	disheartened
hurried	anger	se dio prisa
hurried	anticipation	dado prisa
hurried	disgust	se dio prisa
hurried	fear	dado prisa
hurried	joy	se dio prisa
hurried	negative	dado prisa
hurried	positive	se dio prisa
hurried	sadness	dado prisa
hurried	surprise	se dio prisa
hurried	trust	fumigación
fumigation	anger	de fumigación
fumigation	anticipation	de fumigación
fumigation	disgust	dada prisa
fumigation	fear	fumigación
fumigation	joy	de fumigación
fumigation	negative	de fumigación
fumigation	positive	de fumigación
fumigation	sadness	fumigación
fumigation	surprise	de fumigación
fumigation	trust	de la fumigación
athletic	anger	atlética
athletic	anticipation	atlético
athletic	disgust	atlético
athletic	fear	atlético
athletic	joy	atlético
athletic	negative	atlético
athletic	positive	atlético
athletic	sadness	vela
athletic	surprise	de vela
athletic	trust	atlética
candle	anger	atlética
candle	anticipation	atlética
candle	disgust	vela
candle	fear	de vela
candle	joy	de vela
candle	negative	de vela
candle	positive	vela
candle	sadness	de vela
candle	surprise	de vela
candle	trust	de vela
synergistic	anger	sinérgica
synergistic	anticipation	sinérgico
synergistic	disgust	sinérgico
synergistic	fear	sinérgico
synergistic	joy	sinérgico
synergistic	negative	sinérgico
synergistic	positive	sinérgico
synergistic	sadness	armario
synergistic	surprise	de armario
synergistic	trust	sinérgico
wardrobe	anger	sinérgico
wardrobe	anticipation	sinérgico
wardrobe	disgust	armario
wardrobe	fear	de armario
wardrobe	joy	de armario
wardrobe	negative	de armario
wardrobe	positive	armario
wardrobe	sadness	de armario
wardrobe	surprise	de armario
wardrobe	trust	de armario
convention	anger	convención
convention	anticipation	de convención
convention	disgust	de convención
convention	fear	de convención
convention	joy	convención
convention	negative	de convención
convention	positive	de convención
convention	sadness	de convención
convention	surprise	convención
convention	trust	de convención
enact	anger	enact
enact	anticipation	enact
enact	disgust	enact
enact	fear	enact
enact	joy	enact
enact	negative	enact
enact	positive	enact
enact	sadness	enact
enact	surprise	enact
enact	trust	enact
posited	anger	postuló
posited	anticipation	postulado
posited	disgust	postuló
posited	fear	postulado
posited	joy	postuló
posited	negative	postulado
posited	positive	postuló
posited	sadness	postulado
posited	surprise	postuló
posited	trust	termopar
thermocouple	anger	de termopar
thermocouple	anticipation	de termopar
thermocouple	disgust	postulado
thermocouple	fear	termopar
thermocouple	joy	de termopar
thermocouple	negative	de termopar
thermocouple	positive	de termopar
thermocouple	sadness	termopar
thermocouple	surprise	de termopar
thermocouple	trust	del termopar
incongruous	anger	incongruente
incongruous	anticipation	incongruente
incongruous	disgust	incongruente
incongruous	fear	incongruente
incongruous	joy	incongruente
incongruous	negative	incongruente
incongruous	positive	incongruente
incongruous	sadness	incongruente
incongruous	surprise	incongruente
incongruous	trust	incongruente
ordinance	anger	ordinance
ordinance	anticipation	ordinance
ordinance	disgust	ordinance
ordinance	fear	ordinance
ordinance	joy	ordinance
ordinance	negative	ordinance
ordinance	positive	ordinance
ordinance	sadness	ordinance
ordinance	surprise	ordinance
ordinance	trust	ordinance
sept	anger	sept
sept	anticipation	sept
sept	disgust	sept
sept	fear	sept
sept	joy	sept
sept	negative	sept
sept	positive	sept
sept	sadness	sept
sept	surprise	sept
sept	trust	sept
tactics	anger	táctica
tactics	anticipation	de táctica
tactics	disgust	de táctica
tactics	fear	de táctica
tactics	joy	táctica
tactics	negative	de táctica
tactics	positive	de táctica
tactics	sadness	de táctica
tactics	surprise	burla
tactics	trust	de burla
mockery	anger	de táctica
mockery	anticipation	de táctica
mockery	disgust	burla
mockery	fear	de burla
mockery	joy	de burla
mockery	negative	de burla
mockery	positive	burla
mockery	sadness	de burla
mockery	surprise	de burla
mockery	trust	de burla
fooling	anger	fooling
fooling	anticipation	fooling
fooling	disgust	fooling
fooling	fear	fooling
fooling	joy	fooling
fooling	negative	fooling
fooling	positive	fooling
fooling	sadness	fooling
fooling	surprise	fooling
fooling	trust	fooling
limbo	anger	limbo
limbo	anticipation	limbo
limbo	disgust	limbo
limbo	fear	limbo
limbo	joy	limbo
limbo	negative	limbo
limbo	positive	limbo
limbo	sadness	limbo
limbo	surprise	limbo
limbo	trust	limbo
homosexual	anger	homosexual
homosexual	anticipation	homosexual
homosexual	disgust	homosexual
homosexual	fear	homosexual
homosexual	joy	homosexual
homosexual	negative	homosexual
homosexual	positive	homosexual
homosexual	sadness	homosexual
homosexual	surprise	homosexual
homosexual	trust	homosexual
crying	anger	llorando
crying	anticipation	llorando
crying	disgust	llorando
crying	fear	llorando
crying	joy	llorando
crying	negative	llorando
crying	positive	llorando
crying	sadness	llorando
crying	surprise	llorando
crying	trust	llorando
bravery	anger	bravery
bravery	anticipation	bravery
bravery	disgust	bravery
bravery	fear	bravery
bravery	joy	bravery
bravery	negative	bravery
bravery	positive	bravery
bravery	sadness	bravery
bravery	surprise	bravery
bravery	trust	bravery
thirds	anger	tercios
thirds	anticipation	de tercios
thirds	disgust	de tercios
thirds	fear	de tercios
thirds	joy	tercios
thirds	negative	de tercios
thirds	positive	de tercios
thirds	sadness	de tercios
thirds	surprise	tercios
thirds	trust	de tercios
medallion	anger	medallion
medallion	anticipation	medallion
medallion	disgust	medallion
medallion	fear	medallion
medallion	joy	medallion
medallion	negative	medallion
medallion	positive	medallion
medallion	sadness	medallion
medallion	surprise	medallion
medallion	trust	medallion
conspiracy	anger	conspiración
conspiracy	anticipation	de conspiración
conspiracy	disgust	de conspiración
conspiracy	fear	de conspiración
conspiracy	joy	conspiración
conspiracy	negative	de conspiración
conspiracy	positive	de conspiración
conspiracy	sadness	de conspiración
conspiracy	surprise	conspiración
conspiracy	trust	de conspiración
widow	anger	widow
widow	anticipation	widow
widow	disgust	widow
widow	fear	widow
widow	joy	widow
widow	negative	widow
widow	positive	widow
widow	sadness	widow
widow	surprise	widow
widow	trust	widow
boa	anger	boa
boa	anticipation	de boa
boa	disgust	de boa
boa	fear	de boa
boa	joy	boa
boa	negative	de boa
boa	positive	de boa
boa	sadness	de boa
boa	surprise	boa
boa	trust	de boa
rectory	anger	rectory
rectory	anticipation	rectory
rectory	disgust	rectory
rectory	fear	rectory
rectory	joy	rectory
rectory	negative	rectory
rectory	positive	rectory
rectory	sadness	rectory
rectory	surprise	rectory
rectory	trust	rectory
terrier	anger	terrier
terrier	anticipation	terrier
terrier	disgust	terrier
terrier	fear	terrier
terrier	joy	terrier
terrier	negative	terrier
terrier	positive	terrier
terrier	sadness	terrier
terrier	surprise	terrier
terrier	trust	terrier
casual	anger	casual
casual	anticipation	casual
casual	disgust	casual
casual	fear	casual
casual	joy	casual
casual	negative	casual
casual	positive	casual
casual	sadness	casual
casual	surprise	casual
casual	trust	casual
moisture	anger	moisture
moisture	anticipation	moisture
moisture	disgust	moisture
moisture	fear	moisture
moisture	joy	moisture
moisture	negative	moisture
moisture	positive	moisture
moisture	sadness	moisture
moisture	surprise	moisture
moisture	trust	moisture
walk	anger	paseo
walk	anticipation	de paseo
walk	disgust	de paseo
walk	fear	de paseo
walk	joy	paseo
walk	negative	de paseo
walk	positive	de paseo
walk	sadness	de paseo
walk	surprise	paseo
walk	trust	de paseo
horseman	anger	horseman
horseman	anticipation	horseman
horseman	disgust	horseman
horseman	fear	horseman
horseman	joy	horseman
horseman	negative	horseman
horseman	positive	horseman
horseman	sadness	horseman
horseman	surprise	horseman
horseman	trust	horseman
illustration	anger	ilustración
illustration	anticipation	de ilustración
illustration	disgust	de ilustración
illustration	fear	de ilustración
illustration	joy	ilustración
illustration	negative	de ilustración
illustration	positive	de ilustración
illustration	sadness	de ilustración
illustration	surprise	toxicología
illustration	trust	de toxicología
toxicology	anger	de ilustración
toxicology	anticipation	de ilustración
toxicology	disgust	toxicología
toxicology	fear	de toxicología
toxicology	joy	de toxicología
toxicology	negative	de toxicología
toxicology	positive	toxicología
toxicology	sadness	de toxicología
toxicology	surprise	de toxicología
toxicology	trust	de toxicología
discrete	anger	discreta
discrete	anticipation	discreto
discrete	disgust	discreto
discrete	fear	discreto
discrete	joy	discreto
discrete	negative	discreto
discrete	positive	discreto
discrete	sadness	número
discrete	surprise	de número
discrete	trust	discreto
number	anger	discreto
number	anticipation	discreto
number	disgust	número
number	fear	de número
number	joy	de número
number	negative	de número
number	positive	número
number	sadness	de número
number	surprise	de número
number	trust	de número
knock	anger	golpe
knock	anticipation	de golpe
knock	disgust	de golpe
knock	fear	de golpe
knock	joy	golpe
knock	negative	de golpe
knock	positive	de golpe
knock	sadness	de golpe
knock	surprise	anguila
knock	trust	de anguila
eel	anger	de golpe
eel	anticipation	de golpe
eel	disgust	anguila
eel	fear	de anguila
eel	joy	de anguila
eel	negative	de anguila
eel	positive	anguila
eel	sadness	de anguila
eel	surprise	de anguila
eel	trust	de anguila
ripen	anger	ripen
ripen	anticipation	ripen
ripen	disgust	ripen
ripen	fear	ripen
ripen	joy	ripen
ripen	negative	ripen
ripen	positive	ripen
ripen	sadness	ripen
ripen	surprise	ripen
ripen	trust	ripen
revel	anger	revel
revel	anticipation	revel
revel	disgust	revel
revel	fear	revel
revel	joy	revel
revel	negative	revel
revel	positive	revel
revel	sadness	revel
revel	surprise	revel
revel	trust	revel
ominous	anger	ominoso
ominous	anticipation	ominoso
ominous	disgust	ominoso
ominous	fear	ominoso
ominous	joy	ominoso
ominous	negative	ominoso
ominous	positive	ominoso
ominous	sadness	ominoso
ominous	surprise	ominoso
ominous	trust	ominoso
mariner	anger	mariner
mariner	anticipation	mariner
mariner	disgust	mariner
mariner	fear	mariner
mariner	joy	mariner
mariner	negative	mariner
mariner	positive	mariner
mariner	sadness	mariner
mariner	surprise	mariner
mariner	trust	mariner
cornstarch	anger	maicena
cornstarch	anticipation	de maicena
cornstarch	disgust	de maicena
cornstarch	fear	de maicena
cornstarch	joy	maicena
cornstarch	negative	de maicena
cornstarch	positive	de maicena
cornstarch	sadness	de maicena
cornstarch	surprise	maicena
cornstarch	trust	de maicena
romp	anger	romp
romp	anticipation	romp
romp	disgust	romp
romp	fear	romp
romp	joy	romp
romp	negative	romp
romp	positive	romp
romp	sadness	romp
romp	surprise	romp
romp	trust	romp
stateroom	anger	stateroom
stateroom	anticipation	stateroom
stateroom	disgust	stateroom
stateroom	fear	stateroom
stateroom	joy	stateroom
stateroom	negative	stateroom
stateroom	positive	stateroom
stateroom	sadness	stateroom
stateroom	surprise	stateroom
stateroom	trust	stateroom
notched	anger	entalló
notched	anticipation	entallado
notched	disgust	entalló
notched	fear	entallado
notched	joy	entalló
notched	negative	entallado
notched	positive	entalló
notched	sadness	entallado
notched	surprise	entalló
notched	trust	propiedad
ownership	anger	de propiedad
ownership	anticipation	de propiedad
ownership	disgust	entallada
ownership	fear	propiedad
ownership	joy	de propiedad
ownership	negative	de propiedad
ownership	positive	de propiedad
ownership	sadness	organización
ownership	surprise	de propiedad
ownership	trust	de propiedad
organization	anger	de propiedad
organization	anticipation	organización
organization	disgust	de organización
organization	fear	de organización
organization	joy	de organización
organization	negative	organización
organization	positive	de organización
organization	sadness	de organización
organization	surprise	de organización
organization	trust	pancarta
banner	anger	de pancarta
banner	anticipation	de pancarta
banner	disgust	de organización
banner	fear	pancarta
banner	joy	de pancarta
banner	negative	de pancarta
banner	positive	de pancarta
banner	sadness	apropiación
banner	surprise	de pancarta
banner	trust	de pancarta
appropriation	anger	de pancarta
appropriation	anticipation	apropiación
appropriation	disgust	de apropiación
appropriation	fear	de apropiación
appropriation	joy	de apropiación
appropriation	negative	apropiación
appropriation	positive	de apropiación
appropriation	sadness	de apropiación
appropriation	surprise	de apropiación
appropriation	trust	apropiación
zephyr	anger	zephyr
zephyr	anticipation	zephyr
zephyr	disgust	zephyr
zephyr	fear	zephyr
zephyr	joy	zephyr
zephyr	negative	zephyr
zephyr	positive	zephyr
zephyr	sadness	zephyr
zephyr	surprise	zephyr
zephyr	trust	zephyr
hobby	anger	hobby
hobby	anticipation	de hobby
hobby	disgust	de hobby
hobby	fear	de hobby
hobby	joy	hobby
hobby	negative	de hobby
hobby	positive	de hobby
hobby	sadness	de hobby
hobby	surprise	comerciante
hobby	trust	de comerciante
trader	anger	de hobby
trader	anticipation	de hobby
trader	disgust	comerciante
trader	fear	de comerciante
trader	joy	de comerciante
trader	negative	de comerciante
trader	positive	comerciante
trader	sadness	de comerciante
trader	surprise	de comerciante
trader	trust	de comerciante
remember	anger	recuerda
remember	anticipation	recordar
remember	disgust	recordar
remember	fear	recordar
remember	joy	recordar
remember	negative	recordar
remember	positive	recordar
remember	sadness	recordar
remember	surprise	recordar
remember	trust	recordar
discerning	anger	vislumbrando
discerning	anticipation	vislumbrando
discerning	disgust	vislumbrando
discerning	fear	vislumbrando
discerning	joy	vislumbrando
discerning	negative	vislumbrando
discerning	positive	vislumbrando
discerning	sadness	vislumbrando
discerning	surprise	vislumbrando
discerning	trust	vislumbrando
lithology	anger	litología
lithology	anticipation	de litología
lithology	disgust	de litología
lithology	fear	de litología
lithology	joy	litología
lithology	negative	de litología
lithology	positive	de litología
lithology	sadness	de litología
lithology	surprise	litología
lithology	trust	de litología
brandy	anger	brandy
brandy	anticipation	brandy
brandy	disgust	brandy
brandy	fear	brandy
brandy	joy	brandy
brandy	negative	brandy
brandy	positive	brandy
brandy	sadness	brandy
brandy	surprise	brandy
brandy	trust	brandy
reins	anger	riendas
reins	anticipation	de riendas
reins	disgust	de riendas
reins	fear	de riendas
reins	joy	riendas
reins	negative	de riendas
reins	positive	de riendas
reins	sadness	de riendas
reins	surprise	riendas
reins	trust	de riendas
inhabited	anger	habitaron
inhabited	anticipation	habitadas
inhabited	disgust	habitó
inhabited	fear	habitado
inhabited	joy	habitó
inhabited	negative	habitado
inhabited	positive	habitó
inhabited	sadness	habitado
inhabited	surprise	habitó
inhabited	trust	miríada
myriad	anger	de miríada
myriad	anticipation	de miríada
myriad	disgust	habitada
myriad	fear	miríada
myriad	joy	de miríada
myriad	negative	de miríada
myriad	positive	de miríada
myriad	sadness	miríada
myriad	surprise	de miríada
myriad	trust	de la miríada
commune	anger	commune
commune	anticipation	commune
commune	disgust	commune
commune	fear	commune
commune	joy	commune
commune	negative	commune
commune	positive	commune
commune	sadness	commune
commune	surprise	commune
commune	trust	commune
universal	anger	universal
universal	anticipation	universal
universal	disgust	universal
universal	fear	universal
universal	joy	universal
universal	negative	universal
universal	positive	universal
universal	sadness	población
universal	surprise	de población
universal	trust	universal
population	anger	universal
population	anticipation	universal
population	disgust	población
population	fear	de población
population	joy	de población
population	negative	de población
population	positive	población
population	sadness	de población
population	surprise	de población
population	trust	de población
test	anger	prueba
test	anticipation	de prueba
test	disgust	de prueba
test	fear	de prueba
test	joy	prueba
test	negative	de prueba
test	positive	de prueba
test	sadness	de prueba
test	surprise	prueba
test	trust	de prueba
coastal	anger	costera
coastal	anticipation	costero
coastal	disgust	costero
coastal	fear	costero
coastal	joy	costero
coastal	negative	costero
coastal	positive	costero
coastal	sadness	producto
coastal	surprise	de producto
coastal	trust	costero
produce	anger	costero
produce	anticipation	costero
produce	disgust	producto
produce	fear	de producto
produce	joy	de producto
produce	negative	de producto
produce	positive	producto
produce	sadness	de producto
produce	surprise	de producto
produce	trust	de producto
diurnal	anger	diurno
diurnal	anticipation	diurno
diurnal	disgust	diurno
diurnal	fear	diurno
diurnal	joy	diurno
diurnal	negative	diurno
diurnal	positive	diurno
diurnal	sadness	diurno
diurnal	surprise	diurno
diurnal	trust	diurno
recitation	anger	recitation
recitation	anticipation	recitation
recitation	disgust	recitation
recitation	fear	recitation
recitation	joy	recitation
recitation	negative	recitation
recitation	positive	recitation
recitation	sadness	recitation
recitation	surprise	recitation
recitation	trust	recitation
forgetfulness	anger	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	anticipation	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	disgust	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	fear	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	joy	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	negative	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	positive	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	sadness	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	surprise	forgetfulness
forgetfulness	trust	forgetfulness
gross	anger	bruto
gross	anticipation	bruto
gross	disgust	bruto
gross	fear	bruto
gross	joy	bruto
gross	negative	bruto
gross	positive	bruto
gross	sadness	bruto
gross	surprise	bruto
gross	trust	bruto
extendable	anger	extendable
extendable	anticipation	extendable
extendable	disgust	extendable
extendable	fear	extendable
extendable	joy	extendable
extendable	negative	extendable
extendable	positive	extendable
extendable	sadness	extendable
extendable	surprise	extendable
extendable	trust	extendable
morn	anger	morn
morn	anticipation	morn
morn	disgust	morn
morn	fear	morn
morn	joy	morn
morn	negative	morn
morn	positive	morn
morn	sadness	morn
morn	surprise	morn
morn	trust	morn
wrecked	anger	wrecked
wrecked	anticipation	wrecked
wrecked	disgust	wrecked
wrecked	fear	wrecked
wrecked	joy	wrecked
wrecked	negative	wrecked
wrecked	positive	wrecked
wrecked	sadness	wrecked
wrecked	surprise	wrecked
wrecked	trust	wrecked
mainstay	anger	puntal
mainstay	anticipation	de puntal
mainstay	disgust	de puntal
mainstay	fear	de puntal
mainstay	joy	puntal
mainstay	negative	de puntal
mainstay	positive	de puntal
mainstay	sadness	de puntal
mainstay	surprise	bóveda
mainstay	trust	de bóveda
vault	anger	de puntal
vault	anticipation	de puntal
vault	disgust	bóveda
vault	fear	de bóveda
vault	joy	de bóveda
vault	negative	de bóveda
vault	positive	bóveda
vault	sadness	de bóveda
vault	surprise	de bóveda
vault	trust	de bóveda
fleet	anger	flota
fleet	anticipation	de flota
fleet	disgust	de flota
fleet	fear	de flota
fleet	joy	flota
fleet	negative	de flota
fleet	positive	de flota
fleet	sadness	de flota
fleet	surprise	flota
fleet	trust	de flota
biased	anger	predispuso
biased	anticipation	predispuesta
biased	disgust	predispuso
biased	fear	predispuesto
biased	joy	predispuso
biased	negative	predispuesto
biased	positive	predispuso
biased	sadness	predispuesto
biased	surprise	predispuso
biased	trust	predispuesto
undo	anger	deshacer
undo	anticipation	deshacer
undo	disgust	deshacer
undo	fear	deshacer
undo	joy	deshacer
undo	negative	deshacer
undo	positive	deshacer
undo	sadness	deshacer
undo	surprise	deshacer
undo	trust	deshacer
illustrative	anger	ilustrativo
illustrative	anticipation	ilustrativo
illustrative	disgust	ilustrativo
illustrative	fear	ilustrativo
illustrative	joy	ilustrativo
illustrative	negative	ilustrativo
illustrative	positive	ilustrativo
illustrative	sadness	columna
illustrative	surprise	de columna
illustrative	trust	ilustrativa
column	anger	ilustrativa
column	anticipation	ilustrativa
column	disgust	columna
column	fear	de columna
column	joy	de columna
column	negative	de columna
column	positive	columna
column	sadness	de columna
column	surprise	de columna
column	trust	de columna
alumnus	anger	alumnus
alumnus	anticipation	alumnus
alumnus	disgust	alumnus
alumnus	fear	alumnus
alumnus	joy	alumnus
alumnus	negative	alumnus
alumnus	positive	alumnus
alumnus	sadness	alumnus
alumnus	surprise	alumnus
alumnus	trust	alumnus
tasteful	anger	tasteful
tasteful	anticipation	tasteful
tasteful	disgust	tasteful
tasteful	fear	tasteful
tasteful	joy	tasteful
tasteful	negative	tasteful
tasteful	positive	tasteful
tasteful	sadness	tasteful
tasteful	surprise	tasteful
tasteful	trust	tasteful
incrimination	anger	incrimination
incrimination	anticipation	incrimination
incrimination	disgust	incrimination
incrimination	fear	incrimination
incrimination	joy	incrimination
incrimination	negative	incrimination
incrimination	positive	incrimination
incrimination	sadness	incrimination
incrimination	surprise	incrimination
incrimination	trust	incrimination
helmet	anger	casco
helmet	anticipation	de casco
helmet	disgust	de casco
helmet	fear	de casco
helmet	joy	casco
helmet	negative	de casco
helmet	positive	de casco
helmet	sadness	de casco
helmet	surprise	casco
helmet	trust	de casco
rover	anger	rover
rover	anticipation	rover
rover	disgust	rover
rover	fear	rover
rover	joy	rover
rover	negative	rover
rover	positive	rover
rover	sadness	rover
rover	surprise	rover
rover	trust	rover
identical	anger	idéntico
identical	anticipation	idéntico
identical	disgust	idéntico
identical	fear	idéntico
identical	joy	idéntico
identical	negative	idéntico
identical	positive	idéntico
identical	sadness	acontecimiento
identical	surprise	de acontecimiento
identical	trust	idéntico
event	anger	idéntico
event	anticipation	idéntico
event	disgust	acontecimiento
event	fear	de acontecimiento
event	joy	de acontecimiento
event	negative	de acontecimiento
event	positive	acontecimiento
event	sadness	de acontecimiento
event	surprise	de acontecimiento
event	trust	de acontecimiento
bias	anger	sesgo
bias	anticipation	de sesgo
bias	disgust	de sesgo
bias	fear	de sesgo
bias	joy	sesgo
bias	negative	de sesgo
bias	positive	de sesgo
bias	sadness	de sesgo
bias	surprise	sesgo
bias	trust	de sesgo
lass	anger	lass
lass	anticipation	lass
lass	disgust	lass
lass	fear	lass
lass	joy	lass
lass	negative	lass
lass	positive	lass
lass	sadness	lass
lass	surprise	lass
lass	trust	lass
latrines	anger	letrinas
latrines	anticipation	de letrinas
latrines	disgust	de letrinas
latrines	fear	de letrinas
latrines	joy	letrinas
latrines	negative	de letrinas
latrines	positive	de letrinas
latrines	sadness	de letrinas
latrines	surprise	letrinas
latrines	trust	de letrinas
mutant	anger	mutantes
mutant	anticipation	mutantes
mutant	disgust	mutantes
mutant	fear	mutantes
mutant	joy	mutantes
mutant	negative	mutantes
mutant	positive	mutantes
mutant	sadness	lira
mutant	surprise	de lira
mutant	trust	mutante
lyre	anger	mutante
lyre	anticipation	mutante
lyre	disgust	lira
lyre	fear	de lira
lyre	joy	de lira
lyre	negative	de lira
lyre	positive	lira
lyre	sadness	de lira
lyre	surprise	de lira
lyre	trust	de lira
wag	anger	wag
wag	anticipation	wag
wag	disgust	wag
wag	fear	wag
wag	joy	wag
wag	negative	wag
wag	positive	wag
wag	sadness	wag
wag	surprise	wag
wag	trust	wag
sweeten	anger	sweeten
sweeten	anticipation	sweeten
sweeten	disgust	sweeten
sweeten	fear	sweeten
sweeten	joy	sweeten
sweeten	negative	sweeten
sweeten	positive	sweeten
sweeten	sadness	sweeten
sweeten	surprise	sweeten
sweeten	trust	sweeten
hut	anger	cabaña
hut	anticipation	de cabaña
hut	disgust	de cabaña
hut	fear	de cabaña
hut	joy	cabaña
hut	negative	de cabaña
hut	positive	de cabaña
hut	sadness	de cabaña
hut	surprise	cabaña
hut	trust	de cabaña
rejoin	anger	rejoin
rejoin	anticipation	rejoin
rejoin	disgust	rejoin
rejoin	fear	rejoin
rejoin	joy	rejoin
rejoin	negative	rejoin
rejoin	positive	rejoin
rejoin	sadness	rejoin
rejoin	surprise	rejoin
rejoin	trust	rejoin
attractiveness	anger	attractiveness
attractiveness	anticipation	attractiveness
attractiveness	disgust	attractiveness
attractiveness	fear	attractiveness
attractiveness	joy	attractiveness
attractiveness	negative	attractiveness
attractiveness	positive	attractiveness
attractiveness	sadness	attractiveness
attractiveness	surprise	attractiveness
attractiveness	trust	attractiveness
unobstructed	anger	unobstructed
unobstructed	anticipation	unobstructed
unobstructed	disgust	unobstructed
unobstructed	fear	unobstructed
unobstructed	joy	unobstructed
unobstructed	negative	unobstructed
unobstructed	positive	unobstructed
unobstructed	sadness	unobstructed
unobstructed	surprise	unobstructed
unobstructed	trust	unobstructed
jot	anger	jot
jot	anticipation	jot
jot	disgust	jot
jot	fear	jot
jot	joy	jot
jot	negative	jot
jot	positive	jot
jot	sadness	jot
jot	surprise	jot
jot	trust	jot
heels	anger	tacones
heels	anticipation	de tacones
heels	disgust	de tacones
heels	fear	de tacones
heels	joy	tacones
heels	negative	de tacones
heels	positive	de tacones
heels	sadness	de tacones
heels	surprise	tacones
heels	trust	de tacones
charmed	anger	charmed
charmed	anticipation	charmed
charmed	disgust	charmed
charmed	fear	charmed
charmed	joy	charmed
charmed	negative	charmed
charmed	positive	charmed
charmed	sadness	charmed
charmed	surprise	charmed
charmed	trust	charmed
promulgation	anger	promulgación
promulgation	anticipation	de promulgación
promulgation	disgust	de promulgación
promulgation	fear	de promulgación
promulgation	joy	promulgación
promulgation	negative	de promulgación
promulgation	positive	de promulgación
promulgation	sadness	de promulgación
promulgation	surprise	oxígeno
promulgation	trust	de oxígeno
oxygen	anger	de promulgación
oxygen	anticipation	de promulgación
oxygen	disgust	oxígeno
oxygen	fear	de oxígeno
oxygen	joy	de oxígeno
oxygen	negative	de oxígeno
oxygen	positive	oxígeno
oxygen	sadness	de oxígeno
oxygen	surprise	de oxígeno
oxygen	trust	de oxígeno
deactivate	anger	deactivate
deactivate	anticipation	deactivate
deactivate	disgust	deactivate
deactivate	fear	deactivate
deactivate	joy	deactivate
deactivate	negative	deactivate
deactivate	positive	deactivate
deactivate	sadness	deactivate
deactivate	surprise	deactivate
deactivate	trust	deactivate
suicide	anger	suicidio
suicide	anticipation	de suicidio
suicide	disgust	de suicidio
suicide	fear	de suicidio
suicide	joy	suicidio
suicide	negative	de suicidio
suicide	positive	de suicidio
suicide	sadness	de suicidio
suicide	surprise	previsión
suicide	trust	de previsión
forecast	anger	de suicidio
forecast	anticipation	de suicidio
forecast	disgust	previsión
forecast	fear	de previsión
forecast	joy	de previsión
forecast	negative	de previsión
forecast	positive	previsión
forecast	sadness	de previsión
forecast	surprise	de previsión
forecast	trust	de previsión
writer	anger	escritor
writer	anticipation	de escritor
writer	disgust	de escritor
writer	fear	de escritor
writer	joy	escritor
writer	negative	de escritor
writer	positive	de escritor
writer	sadness	de escritor
writer	surprise	rey
writer	trust	de rey
king	anger	de escritor
king	anticipation	de escritor
king	disgust	rey
king	fear	de rey
king	joy	de rey
king	negative	de rey
king	positive	rey
king	sadness	de rey
king	surprise	de rey
king	trust	de rey
tape	anger	cinta
tape	anticipation	de cinta
tape	disgust	de cinta
tape	fear	de cinta
tape	joy	cinta
tape	negative	de cinta
tape	positive	de cinta
tape	sadness	de cinta
tape	surprise	cinta
tape	trust	de cinta
cease	anger	cesa
cease	anticipation	cesar
cease	disgust	cesar
cease	fear	cesar
cease	joy	cesar
cease	negative	cesar
cease	positive	cesar
cease	sadness	cesar
cease	surprise	cesar
cease	trust	cesar
ratification	anger	ratificación
ratification	anticipation	de ratificación
ratification	disgust	de ratificación
ratification	fear	de ratificación
ratification	joy	ratificación
ratification	negative	de ratificación
ratification	positive	de ratificación
ratification	sadness	de ratificación
ratification	surprise	ratificación
ratification	trust	de ratificación
equitable	anger	equitable
equitable	anticipation	equitable
equitable	disgust	equitable
equitable	fear	equitable
equitable	joy	equitable
equitable	negative	equitable
equitable	positive	equitable
equitable	sadness	equitable
equitable	surprise	equitable
equitable	trust	equitable
daemon	anger	daemon
daemon	anticipation	daemon
daemon	disgust	daemon
daemon	fear	daemon
daemon	joy	daemon
daemon	negative	daemon
daemon	positive	daemon
daemon	sadness	daemon
daemon	surprise	daemon
daemon	trust	daemon
tumble	anger	tumble
tumble	anticipation	tumble
tumble	disgust	tumble
tumble	fear	tumble
tumble	joy	tumble
tumble	negative	tumble
tumble	positive	tumble
tumble	sadness	tumble
tumble	surprise	tumble
tumble	trust	tumble
colophon	anger	colofón
colophon	anticipation	de colofón
colophon	disgust	de colofón
colophon	fear	de colofón
colophon	joy	colofón
colophon	negative	de colofón
colophon	positive	de colofón
colophon	sadness	de colofón
colophon	surprise	aristócrata
colophon	trust	de aristócrata
aristocrat	anger	de colofón
aristocrat	anticipation	de colofón
aristocrat	disgust	aristócrata
aristocrat	fear	de aristócrata
aristocrat	joy	de aristócrata
aristocrat	negative	de aristócrata
aristocrat	positive	aristócrata
aristocrat	sadness	de aristócrata
aristocrat	surprise	de aristócrata
aristocrat	trust	de aristócrata
unchallenged	anger	unchallenged
unchallenged	anticipation	unchallenged
unchallenged	disgust	unchallenged
unchallenged	fear	unchallenged
unchallenged	joy	unchallenged
unchallenged	negative	unchallenged
unchallenged	positive	unchallenged
unchallenged	sadness	unchallenged
unchallenged	surprise	unchallenged
unchallenged	trust	unchallenged
indoor	anger	interior
indoor	anticipation	interior
indoor	disgust	interior
indoor	fear	interior
indoor	joy	interior
indoor	negative	interior
indoor	positive	interior
indoor	sadness	custodia
indoor	surprise	de custodia
indoor	trust	interior
safekeeping	anger	interior
safekeeping	anticipation	interior
safekeeping	disgust	custodia
safekeeping	fear	de custodia
safekeeping	joy	de custodia
safekeeping	negative	de custodia
safekeeping	positive	custodia
safekeeping	sadness	de custodia
safekeeping	surprise	de custodia
safekeeping	trust	de custodia
question	anger	cuestión
question	anticipation	de cuestión
question	disgust	de cuestión
question	fear	de cuestión
question	joy	cuestión
question	negative	de cuestión
question	positive	de cuestión
question	sadness	de cuestión
question	surprise	sinvergüenza
question	trust	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	anger	de cuestión
scoundrel	anticipation	de cuestión
scoundrel	disgust	sinvergüenza
scoundrel	fear	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	joy	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	negative	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	positive	sinvergüenza
scoundrel	sadness	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	surprise	de sinvergüenza
scoundrel	trust	de sinvergüenza
plumper	anger	plumper
plumper	anticipation	plumper
plumper	disgust	plumper
plumper	fear	plumper
plumper	joy	plumper
plumper	negative	plumper
plumper	positive	plumper
plumper	sadness	plumper
plumper	surprise	plumper
plumper	trust	plumper
persevere	anger	persevere
persevere	anticipation	persevere
persevere	disgust	persevere
persevere	fear	persevere
persevere	joy	persevere
persevere	negative	persevere
persevere	positive	persevere
persevere	sadness	persevere
persevere	surprise	persevere
persevere	trust	persevere
forensic	anger	forense
forensic	anticipation	forense
forensic	disgust	forense
forensic	fear	forense
forensic	joy	forense
forensic	negative	forense
forensic	positive	forense
forensic	sadness	antibiótico
forensic	surprise	de antibiótico
forensic	trust	forense
antibiotic	anger	forense
antibiotic	anticipation	forense
antibiotic	disgust	antibiótico
antibiotic	fear	de antibiótico
antibiotic	joy	de antibiótico
antibiotic	negative	de antibiótico
antibiotic	positive	antibiótico
antibiotic	sadness	de antibiótico
antibiotic	surprise	de antibiótico
antibiotic	trust	de antibiótico
omelet	anger	omelet
omelet	anticipation	omelet
omelet	disgust	omelet
omelet	fear	omelet
omelet	joy	omelet
omelet	negative	omelet
omelet	positive	omelet
omelet	sadness	omelet
omelet	surprise	omelet
omelet	trust	omelet
paramount	anger	primordial
paramount	anticipation	primordial
paramount	disgust	primordial
paramount	fear	primordial
paramount	joy	primordial
paramount	negative	primordial
paramount	positive	primordial
paramount	sadness	primordial
paramount	surprise	primordial
paramount	trust	primordial
ness	anger	ness
ness	anticipation	ness
ness	disgust	ness
ness	fear	ness
ness	joy	ness
ness	negative	ness
ness	positive	ness
ness	sadness	ness
ness	surprise	ness
ness	trust	ness
grunt	anger	grunt
grunt	anticipation	grunt
grunt	disgust	grunt
grunt	fear	grunt
grunt	joy	grunt
grunt	negative	grunt
grunt	positive	grunt
grunt	sadness	grunt
grunt	surprise	grunt
grunt	trust	grunt
pivot	anger	pivot
pivot	anticipation	pivot
pivot	disgust	pivot
pivot	fear	pivot
pivot	joy	pivot
pivot	negative	pivot
pivot	positive	pivot
pivot	sadness	pivot
pivot	surprise	pivot
pivot	trust	pivot
offended	anger	ofendió
offended	anticipation	ofendido
offended	disgust	ofendió
offended	fear	ofendido
offended	joy	ofendió
offended	negative	ofendido
offended	positive	ofendió
offended	sadness	ofendido
offended	surprise	ofendió
offended	trust	presión
pressure	anger	de presión
pressure	anticipation	de presión
pressure	disgust	ofendida
pressure	fear	presión
pressure	joy	de presión
pressure	negative	de presión
pressure	positive	de presión
pressure	sadness	préstamo
pressure	surprise	de presión
pressure	trust	de presión
loan	anger	de presión
loan	anticipation	préstamo
loan	disgust	de préstamo
loan	fear	de préstamo
loan	joy	de préstamo
loan	negative	préstamo
loan	positive	de préstamo
loan	sadness	de préstamo
loan	surprise	de préstamo
loan	trust	préstamo
stagnant	anger	stagnant
stagnant	anticipation	stagnant
stagnant	disgust	stagnant
stagnant	fear	stagnant
stagnant	joy	stagnant
stagnant	negative	stagnant
stagnant	positive	stagnant
stagnant	sadness	stagnant
stagnant	surprise	stagnant
stagnant	trust	stagnant
elimination	anger	eliminación
elimination	anticipation	de eliminación
elimination	disgust	de eliminación
elimination	fear	de eliminación
elimination	joy	eliminación
elimination	negative	de eliminación
elimination	positive	de eliminación
elimination	sadness	de eliminación
elimination	surprise	gránulo
elimination	trust	de gránulo
granule	anger	de eliminación
granule	anticipation	de eliminación
granule	disgust	gránulo
granule	fear	de gránulo
granule	joy	de gránulo
granule	negative	de gránulo
granule	positive	gránulo
granule	sadness	de gránulo
granule	surprise	de gránulo
granule	trust	de gránulo
dabble	anger	dabble
dabble	anticipation	dabble
dabble	disgust	dabble
dabble	fear	dabble
dabble	joy	dabble
dabble	negative	dabble
dabble	positive	dabble
dabble	sadness	dabble
dabble	surprise	dabble
dabble	trust	dabble
carried	anger	llevó
carried	anticipation	llevado
carried	disgust	llevó
carried	fear	llevado
carried	joy	llevó
carried	negative	llevado
carried	positive	llevó
carried	sadness	llevado
carried	surprise	llevó
carried	trust	llevado
ninety	anger	noventa
ninety	anticipation	noventa
ninety	disgust	noventa
ninety	fear	noventa
ninety	joy	noventa
ninety	negative	noventa
ninety	positive	noventa
ninety	sadness	noventa
ninety	surprise	noventa
ninety	trust	noventa
capitol	anger	capitol
capitol	anticipation	capitol
capitol	disgust	capitol
capitol	fear	capitol
capitol	joy	capitol
capitol	negative	capitol
capitol	positive	capitol
capitol	sadness	capitol
capitol	surprise	capitol
capitol	trust	capitol
straighten	anger	alisar
straighten	anticipation	alisar
straighten	disgust	alisar
straighten	fear	alisar
straighten	joy	alisar
straighten	negative	alisar
straighten	positive	alisar
straighten	sadness	alisar
straighten	surprise	alisar
straighten	trust	alisar
befall	anger	befall
befall	anticipation	befall
befall	disgust	befall
befall	fear	befall
befall	joy	befall
befall	negative	befall
befall	positive	befall
befall	sadness	befall
befall	surprise	befall
befall	trust	befall
suffix	anger	sufijo
suffix	anticipation	de sufijo
suffix	disgust	de sufijo
suffix	fear	de sufijo
suffix	joy	sufijo
suffix	negative	de sufijo
suffix	positive	de sufijo
suffix	sadness	de sufijo
suffix	surprise	burro
suffix	trust	de burro
donkey	anger	de sufijo
donkey	anticipation	de sufijo
donkey	disgust	burro
donkey	fear	de burro
donkey	joy	de burro
donkey	negative	de burro
donkey	positive	burro
donkey	sadness	de burro
donkey	surprise	de burro
donkey	trust	de burro
admit	anger	admite
admit	anticipation	admitir
admit	disgust	admitir
admit	fear	admitir
admit	joy	admitir
admit	negative	admitir
admit	positive	admitir
admit	sadness	admitir
admit	surprise	admitir
admit	trust	admitir
moron	anger	moron
moron	anticipation	moron
moron	disgust	moron
moron	fear	moron
moron	joy	moron
moron	negative	moron
moron	positive	moron
moron	sadness	moron
moron	surprise	moron
moron	trust	moron
tablet	anger	pastilla
tablet	anticipation	de pastilla
tablet	disgust	de pastilla
tablet	fear	de pastilla
tablet	joy	pastilla
tablet	negative	de pastilla
tablet	positive	de pastilla
tablet	sadness	de pastilla
tablet	surprise	sonido
tablet	trust	de sonido
sound	anger	de pastilla
sound	anticipation	de pastilla
sound	disgust	sonido
sound	fear	de sonido
sound	joy	de sonido
sound	negative	de sonido
sound	positive	sonido
sound	sadness	de sonido
sound	surprise	de sonido
sound	trust	de sonido
pierce	anger	agujerea
pierce	anticipation	agujerear
pierce	disgust	agujerear
pierce	fear	agujerear
pierce	joy	agujerear
pierce	negative	agujerear
pierce	positive	agujerear
pierce	sadness	agujerear
pierce	surprise	agujerear
pierce	trust	agujerear
bursary	anger	bursary
bursary	anticipation	bursary
bursary	disgust	bursary
bursary	fear	bursary
bursary	joy	bursary
bursary	negative	bursary
bursary	positive	bursary
bursary	sadness	bursary
bursary	surprise	bursary
bursary	trust	bursary
prodigious	anger	prodigioso
prodigious	anticipation	prodigioso
prodigious	disgust	prodigioso
prodigious	fear	prodigioso
prodigious	joy	prodigioso
prodigious	negative	prodigioso
prodigious	positive	prodigioso
prodigious	sadness	asfalto
prodigious	surprise	de asfalto
prodigious	trust	prodigioso
asphalt	anger	prodigioso
asphalt	anticipation	prodigioso
asphalt	disgust	asfalto
asphalt	fear	de asfalto
asphalt	joy	de asfalto
asphalt	negative	de asfalto
asphalt	positive	asfalto
asphalt	sadness	de asfalto
asphalt	surprise	de asfalto
asphalt	trust	de asfalto
courageous	anger	brioso
courageous	anticipation	brioso
courageous	disgust	brioso
courageous	fear	brioso
courageous	joy	brioso
courageous	negative	brioso
courageous	positive	brioso
courageous	sadness	tejido
courageous	surprise	de tejido
courageous	trust	brioso
tissue	anger	brioso
tissue	anticipation	brioso
tissue	disgust	tejido
tissue	fear	de tejido
tissue	joy	de tejido
tissue	negative	de tejido
tissue	positive	tejido
tissue	sadness	de tejido
tissue	surprise	de tejido
tissue	trust	de tejido
scrape	anger	rae
scrape	anticipation	raer
scrape	disgust	raer
scrape	fear	raer
scrape	joy	raer
scrape	negative	raer
scrape	positive	raer
scrape	sadness	raer
scrape	surprise	raer
scrape	trust	raer
related	anger	relacionado
related	anticipation	relacionó
related	disgust	relacionado
related	fear	relacionó
related	joy	relacionado
related	negative	relacionó
related	positive	relacionó
related	sadness	relacionado
related	surprise	relacionó
related	trust	relacionado
circumferential	anger	circumferential
circumferential	anticipation	circumferential
circumferential	disgust	circumferential
circumferential	fear	circumferential
circumferential	joy	circumferential
circumferential	negative	circumferential
circumferential	positive	circumferential
circumferential	sadness	circumferential
circumferential	surprise	circumferential
circumferential	trust	circumferential
consultation	anger	consulta
consultation	anticipation	de consulta
consultation	disgust	de consulta
consultation	fear	de consulta
consultation	joy	consulta
consultation	negative	de consulta
consultation	positive	de consulta
consultation	sadness	de consulta
consultation	surprise	consulta
consultation	trust	de consulta
grapple	anger	grapple
grapple	anticipation	grapple
grapple	disgust	grapple
grapple	fear	grapple
grapple	joy	grapple
grapple	negative	grapple
grapple	positive	grapple
grapple	sadness	grapple
grapple	surprise	grapple
grapple	trust	grapple
stranger	anger	más extraño
stranger	anticipation	más extraño
stranger	disgust	más extraño
stranger	fear	más extraño
stranger	joy	más extraño
stranger	negative	más extraño
stranger	positive	más extraño
stranger	sadness	más extraño
stranger	surprise	más extraño
stranger	trust	más extraño
oscillatory	anger	oscilatorio
oscillatory	anticipation	oscilatorio
oscillatory	disgust	oscilatorio
oscillatory	fear	oscilatorio
oscillatory	joy	oscilatorio
oscillatory	negative	oscilatorio
oscillatory	positive	oscilatorio
oscillatory	sadness	oscilatorio
oscillatory	surprise	oscilatorio
oscillatory	trust	oscilatorio
maroon	anger	maroon
maroon	anticipation	maroon
maroon	disgust	maroon
maroon	fear	maroon
maroon	joy	maroon
maroon	negative	maroon
maroon	positive	maroon
maroon	sadness	maroon
maroon	surprise	maroon
maroon	trust	maroon
imperceptible	anger	imperceptible
imperceptible	anticipation	imperceptible
imperceptible	disgust	imperceptible
imperceptible	fear	imperceptible
imperceptible	joy	imperceptible
imperceptible	negative	imperceptible
imperceptible	positive	imperceptible
imperceptible	sadness	intérprete
imperceptible	surprise	de intérprete
imperceptible	trust	imperceptible
performer	anger	imperceptible
performer	anticipation	imperceptible
performer	disgust	intérprete
performer	fear	de intérprete
performer	joy	de intérprete
performer	negative	de intérprete
performer	positive	intérprete
performer	sadness	de intérprete
performer	surprise	de intérprete
performer	trust	de intérprete que
tackling	anger	emprende
tackling	anticipation	emprendiendo
tackling	disgust	emprendiendo
tackling	fear	emprendiendo
tackling	joy	emprendiendo
tackling	negative	emprendiendo
tackling	positive	emprendiendo
tackling	sadness	emprendiendo
tackling	surprise	emprendiendo
tackling	trust	emprendiendo
quest	anger	búsqueda
quest	anticipation	de búsqueda
quest	disgust	de búsqueda
quest	fear	de búsqueda
quest	joy	búsqueda
quest	negative	de búsqueda
quest	positive	de búsqueda
quest	sadness	de búsqueda
quest	surprise	denominador
quest	trust	de denominador
denominator	anger	de búsqueda
denominator	anticipation	de búsqueda
denominator	disgust	denominador
denominator	fear	de denominador
denominator	joy	de denominador
denominator	negative	de denominador
denominator	positive	denominador
denominator	sadness	de denominador
denominator	surprise	de denominador
denominator	trust	de denominador
idiom	anger	modismo
idiom	anticipation	de modismo
idiom	disgust	de modismo
idiom	fear	de modismo
idiom	joy	modismo
idiom	negative	de modismo
idiom	positive	de modismo
idiom	sadness	de modismo
idiom	surprise	modismo
idiom	trust	de modismo
federal	anger	federal
federal	anticipation	federal
federal	disgust	federal
federal	fear	federal
federal	joy	federal
federal	negative	federal
federal	positive	federal
federal	sadness	federal
federal	surprise	federal
federal	trust	federal
moot	anger	moot
moot	anticipation	moot
moot	disgust	moot
moot	fear	moot
moot	joy	moot
moot	negative	moot
moot	positive	moot
moot	sadness	moot
moot	surprise	moot
moot	trust	moot
heritage	anger	patrimonio
heritage	anticipation	de patrimonio
heritage	disgust	de patrimonio
heritage	fear	de patrimonio
heritage	joy	patrimonio
heritage	negative	de patrimonio
heritage	positive	de patrimonio
heritage	sadness	de patrimonio
heritage	surprise	patrimonio
heritage	trust	de patrimonio
absinthe	anger	absinthe
absinthe	anticipation	absinthe
absinthe	disgust	absinthe
absinthe	fear	absinthe
absinthe	joy	absinthe
absinthe	negative	absinthe
absinthe	positive	absinthe
absinthe	sadness	absinthe
absinthe	surprise	absinthe
absinthe	trust	absinthe
tenuous	anger	tenue
tenuous	anticipation	tenue
tenuous	disgust	tenue
tenuous	fear	tenue
tenuous	joy	tenue
tenuous	negative	tenue
tenuous	positive	tenue
tenuous	sadness	tenue
tenuous	surprise	tenue
tenuous	trust	tenue
soprano	anger	soprano
soprano	anticipation	soprano
soprano	disgust	soprano
soprano	fear	soprano
soprano	joy	soprano
soprano	negative	soprano
soprano	positive	soprano
soprano	sadness	soprano
soprano	surprise	soprano
soprano	trust	soprano
coat	anger	abrigo
coat	anticipation	de abrigo
coat	disgust	de abrigo
coat	fear	de abrigo
coat	joy	abrigo
coat	negative	de abrigo
coat	positive	de abrigo
coat	sadness	de abrigo
coat	surprise	amnistía
coat	trust	de amnistía
amnesty	anger	de abrigo
amnesty	anticipation	de abrigo
amnesty	disgust	amnistía
amnesty	fear	de amnistía
amnesty	joy	de amnistía
amnesty	negative	de amnistía
amnesty	positive	amnistía
amnesty	sadness	de amnistía
amnesty	surprise	de amnistía
amnesty	trust	de amnistía
schematic	anger	esquemática
schematic	anticipation	esquemático
schematic	disgust	esquemático
schematic	fear	esquemático
schematic	joy	esquemático
schematic	negative	esquemático
schematic	positive	esquemático
schematic	sadness	esquemático
schematic	surprise	esquemático
schematic	trust	esquemático
remand	anger	detener
remand	anticipation	detener
remand	disgust	detener
remand	fear	detener
remand	joy	detener
remand	negative	detener
remand	positive	detener
remand	sadness	detener
remand	surprise	detener
remand	trust	detener
overcast	anger	overcast
overcast	anticipation	overcast
overcast	disgust	overcast
overcast	fear	overcast
overcast	joy	overcast
overcast	negative	overcast
overcast	positive	overcast
overcast	sadness	overcast
overcast	surprise	overcast
overcast	trust	overcast
mess	anger	desorden
mess	anticipation	de desorden
mess	disgust	de desorden
mess	fear	de desorden
mess	joy	desorden
mess	negative	de desorden
mess	positive	de desorden
mess	sadness	de desorden
mess	surprise	pub
mess	trust	de pub
pub	anger	de desorden
pub	anticipation	de desorden
pub	disgust	pub
pub	fear	de pub
pub	joy	de pub
pub	negative	de pub
pub	positive	pub
pub	sadness	de pub
pub	surprise	de pub
pub	trust	de pub
newcomer	anger	recién llegado
newcomer	anticipation	de recién llegado
newcomer	disgust	de recién llegado
newcomer	fear	de recién llegado
newcomer	joy	recién llegado
newcomer	negative	de recién llegado
newcomer	positive	de recién llegado
newcomer	sadness	de recién llegado
newcomer	surprise	recién llegado
newcomer	trust	de recién llegado
induce	anger	induce
induce	anticipation	inducir
induce	disgust	inducir
induce	fear	inducir
induce	joy	inducir
induce	negative	inducir
induce	positive	inducir
induce	sadness	inducir
induce	surprise	inducir
induce	trust	inducir
untrained	anger	untrained
untrained	anticipation	untrained
untrained	disgust	untrained
untrained	fear	untrained
untrained	joy	untrained
untrained	negative	untrained
untrained	positive	untrained
untrained	sadness	untrained
untrained	surprise	untrained
untrained	trust	untrained
equestrian	anger	equestrian
equestrian	anticipation	equestrian
equestrian	disgust	equestrian
equestrian	fear	equestrian
equestrian	joy	equestrian
equestrian	negative	equestrian
equestrian	positive	equestrian
equestrian	sadness	equestrian
equestrian	surprise	equestrian
equestrian	trust	equestrian
ruse	anger	ruse
ruse	anticipation	ruse
ruse	disgust	ruse
ruse	fear	ruse
ruse	joy	ruse
ruse	negative	ruse
ruse	positive	ruse
ruse	sadness	ruse
ruse	surprise	ruse
ruse	trust	ruse
improving	anger	mejorando
improving	anticipation	mejorando
improving	disgust	mejorando
improving	fear	mejorando
improving	joy	mejorando
improving	negative	mejorando
improving	positive	mejorando
improving	sadness	mejorando
improving	surprise	mejorando
improving	trust	mejorando
coach	anger	entrenador
coach	anticipation	de entrenador
coach	disgust	de entrenador
coach	fear	de entrenador
coach	joy	entrenador
coach	negative	de entrenador
coach	positive	de entrenador
coach	sadness	de entrenador
coach	surprise	entrenador
coach	trust	de entrenador
banished	anger	esfumó
banished	anticipation	esfumado
banished	disgust	esfumó
banished	fear	esfumado
banished	joy	esfumó
banished	negative	esfumado
banished	positive	esfumó
banished	sadness	esfumado
banished	surprise	esfumó
banished	trust	esfumado
emptiness	anger	emptiness
emptiness	anticipation	emptiness
emptiness	disgust	emptiness
emptiness	fear	emptiness
emptiness	joy	emptiness
emptiness	negative	emptiness
emptiness	positive	emptiness
emptiness	sadness	emptiness
emptiness	surprise	emptiness
emptiness	trust	emptiness
accordance	anger	accordance
accordance	anticipation	accordance
accordance	disgust	accordance
accordance	fear	accordance
accordance	joy	accordance
accordance	negative	accordance
accordance	positive	accordance
accordance	sadness	accordance
accordance	surprise	accordance
accordance	trust	accordance
freelance	anger	freelance
freelance	anticipation	freelance
freelance	disgust	freelance
freelance	fear	freelance
freelance	joy	freelance
freelance	negative	freelance
freelance	positive	freelance
freelance	sadness	freelance
freelance	surprise	freelance
freelance	trust	freelance
lieutenant	anger	lugarteniente
lieutenant	anticipation	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	disgust	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	fear	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	joy	lugarteniente
lieutenant	negative	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	positive	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	sadness	de lugarteniente
lieutenant	surprise	lugarteniente
lieutenant	trust	de lugarteniente
libel	anger	calumnia
libel	anticipation	calumniar
libel	disgust	calumniar
libel	fear	calumniar
libel	joy	calumniar
libel	negative	calumniar
libel	positive	calumniar
libel	sadness	calumniar
libel	surprise	calumniar
libel	trust	calumniar
riparian	anger	riparian
riparian	anticipation	riparian
riparian	disgust	riparian
riparian	fear	riparian
riparian	joy	riparian
riparian	negative	riparian
riparian	positive	riparian
riparian	sadness	riparian
riparian	surprise	riparian
riparian	trust	riparian
stinging	anger	stinging
stinging	anticipation	stinging
stinging	disgust	stinging
stinging	fear	stinging
stinging	joy	stinging
stinging	negative	stinging
stinging	positive	stinging
stinging	sadness	stinging
stinging	surprise	stinging
stinging	trust	stinging
pay	anger	paga
pay	anticipation	de paga
pay	disgust	de paga
pay	fear	de paga
pay	joy	paga
pay	negative	de paga
pay	positive	de paga
pay	sadness	de paga
pay	surprise	paga
pay	trust	de paga
descendent	anger	descendent
descendent	anticipation	descendent
descendent	disgust	descendent
descendent	fear	descendent
descendent	joy	descendent
descendent	negative	descendent
descendent	positive	descendent
descendent	sadness	descendent
descendent	surprise	descendent
descendent	trust	descendent
statistical	anger	estadístico
statistical	anticipation	estadístico
statistical	disgust	estadístico
statistical	fear	estadístico
statistical	joy	estadístico
statistical	negative	estadístico
statistical	positive	estadístico
statistical	sadness	estadístico
statistical	surprise	estadístico
statistical	trust	estadístico
correspond	anger	corresponder
correspond	anticipation	corresponder
correspond	disgust	corresponder
correspond	fear	corresponder
correspond	joy	corresponder
correspond	negative	corresponder
correspond	positive	corresponder
correspond	sadness	corresponder
correspond	surprise	corresponder
correspond	trust	corresponder
repudiation	anger	repudiación
repudiation	anticipation	de repudiación
repudiation	disgust	de repudiación
repudiation	fear	de repudiación
repudiation	joy	repudiación
repudiation	negative	de repudiación
repudiation	positive	de repudiación
repudiation	sadness	de repudiación
repudiation	surprise	repudiación
repudiation	trust	de repudiación
transpose	anger	transpose
transpose	anticipation	transpose
transpose	disgust	transpose
transpose	fear	transpose
transpose	joy	transpose
transpose	negative	transpose
transpose	positive	transpose
transpose	sadness	transpose
transpose	surprise	transpose
transpose	trust	transpose
damp	anger	húmedo
damp	anticipation	húmedo
damp	disgust	húmedo
damp	fear	húmedo
damp	joy	húmedo
damp	negative	húmedo
damp	positive	húmedo
damp	sadness	húmedo
damp	surprise	húmedo
damp	trust	húmedo
paw	anger	paw
paw	anticipation	paw
paw	disgust	paw
paw	fear	paw
paw	joy	paw
paw	negative	paw
paw	positive	paw
paw	sadness	paw
paw	surprise	paw
paw	trust	paw
kimono	anger	kimono
kimono	anticipation	kimono
kimono	disgust	kimono
kimono	fear	kimono
kimono	joy	kimono
kimono	negative	kimono
kimono	positive	kimono
kimono	sadness	kimono
kimono	surprise	kimono
kimono	trust	kimono
eyewitness	anger	testigo presencial
eyewitness	anticipation	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	disgust	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	fear	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	joy	testigo presencial
eyewitness	negative	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	positive	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	sadness	de testigo presencial
eyewitness	surprise	testigo presencial
eyewitness	trust	de testigo presencial
mover	anger	mover
mover	anticipation	mover
mover	disgust	mover
mover	fear	mover
mover	joy	mover
mover	negative	mover
mover	positive	mover
mover	sadness	mover
mover	surprise	mover
mover	trust	mover
advisement	anger	advisement
advisement	anticipation	advisement
advisement	disgust	advisement
advisement	fear	advisement
advisement	joy	advisement
advisement	negative	advisement
advisement	positive	advisement
advisement	sadness	advisement
advisement	surprise	advisement
advisement	trust	advisement
irregularity	anger	irregularidad
irregularity	anticipation	de irregularidad
irregularity	disgust	de irregularidad
irregularity	fear	de irregularidad
irregularity	joy	irregularidad
irregularity	negative	de irregularidad
irregularity	positive	de irregularidad
irregularity	sadness	de irregularidad
irregularity	surprise	irregularidad
irregularity	trust	de irregularidad
crabby	anger	crabby
crabby	anticipation	crabby
crabby	disgust	crabby
crabby	fear	crabby
crabby	joy	crabby
crabby	negative	crabby
crabby	positive	crabby
crabby	sadness	crabby
crabby	surprise	crabby
crabby	trust	crabby
admonition	anger	admonition
admonition	anticipation	admonition
admonition	disgust	admonition
admonition	fear	admonition
admonition	joy	admonition
admonition	negative	admonition
admonition	positive	admonition
admonition	sadness	admonition
admonition	surprise	admonition
admonition	trust	admonition
picnic	anger	picnic
picnic	anticipation	de picnic
picnic	disgust	de picnic
picnic	fear	de picnic
picnic	joy	picnic
picnic	negative	de picnic
picnic	positive	de picnic
picnic	sadness	de picnic
picnic	surprise	subestructura
picnic	trust	de subestructura
substructure	anger	de picnic
substructure	anticipation	de picnic
substructure	disgust	subestructura
substructure	fear	de subestructura
substructure	joy	de subestructura
substructure	negative	de subestructura
substructure	positive	subestructura
substructure	sadness	de subestructura
substructure	surprise	de subestructura
substructure	trust	de subestructura
nefarious	anger	nefarious
nefarious	anticipation	nefarious
nefarious	disgust	nefarious
nefarious	fear	nefarious
nefarious	joy	nefarious
nefarious	negative	nefarious
nefarious	positive	nefarious
nefarious	sadness	nefarious
nefarious	surprise	nefarious
nefarious	trust	nefarious
banquet	anger	banquete
banquet	anticipation	de banquete
banquet	disgust	de banquete
banquet	fear	de banquete
banquet	joy	banquete
banquet	negative	de banquete
banquet	positive	de banquete
banquet	sadness	de banquete
banquet	surprise	banquete
banquet	trust	de banquete
burke	anger	burke
burke	anticipation	burke
burke	disgust	burke
burke	fear	burke
burke	joy	burke
burke	negative	burke
burke	positive	burke
burke	sadness	burke
burke	surprise	burke
burke	trust	burke
jam	anger	mermelada
jam	anticipation	de mermelada
jam	disgust	de mermelada
jam	fear	de mermelada
jam	joy	mermelada
jam	negative	de mermelada
jam	positive	de mermelada
jam	sadness	de mermelada
jam	surprise	noviazgo
jam	trust	de noviazgo
courtship	anger	de mermelada
courtship	anticipation	de mermelada
courtship	disgust	noviazgo
courtship	fear	de noviazgo
courtship	joy	de noviazgo
courtship	negative	de noviazgo
courtship	positive	noviazgo
courtship	sadness	de noviazgo
courtship	surprise	de noviazgo
courtship	trust	de noviazgo
exhaustion	anger	agotamiento
exhaustion	anticipation	de agotamiento
exhaustion	disgust	de agotamiento
exhaustion	fear	de agotamiento
exhaustion	joy	agotamiento
exhaustion	negative	de agotamiento
exhaustion	positive	de agotamiento
exhaustion	sadness	de agotamiento
exhaustion	surprise	agotamiento
exhaustion	trust	de agotamiento
subjected	anger	sometió
subjected	anticipation	sometido
subjected	disgust	sometió
subjected	fear	sometido
subjected	joy	sometió
subjected	negative	sometido
subjected	positive	sometió
subjected	sadness	sometido
subjected	surprise	sometió
subjected	trust	ovario
ovary	anger	de ovario
ovary	anticipation	de ovario
ovary	disgust	sometido
ovary	fear	ovario
ovary	joy	de ovario
ovary	negative	de ovario
ovary	positive	de ovario
ovary	sadness	ovario
ovary	surprise	de ovario
ovary	trust	del ovario
grizzly	anger	grizzly
grizzly	anticipation	grizzly
grizzly	disgust	grizzly
grizzly	fear	grizzly
grizzly	joy	grizzly
grizzly	negative	grizzly
grizzly	positive	grizzly
grizzly	sadness	grizzly
grizzly	surprise	grizzly
grizzly	trust	grizzly
forsaken	anger	forsaken
forsaken	anticipation	forsaken
forsaken	disgust	forsaken
forsaken	fear	forsaken
forsaken	joy	forsaken
forsaken	negative	forsaken
forsaken	positive	forsaken
forsaken	sadness	forsaken
forsaken	surprise	forsaken
forsaken	trust	forsaken
acknowledged	anger	reconoció
acknowledged	anticipation	reconocido
acknowledged	disgust	reconoció
acknowledged	fear	reconocido
acknowledged	joy	reconoció
acknowledged	negative	reconocido
acknowledged	positive	reconoció
acknowledged	sadness	reconocido
acknowledged	surprise	reconoció
acknowledged	trust	reconocido
burglary	anger	burglary
burglary	anticipation	burglary
burglary	disgust	burglary
burglary	fear	burglary
burglary	joy	burglary
burglary	negative	burglary
burglary	positive	burglary
burglary	sadness	burglary
burglary	surprise	burglary
burglary	trust	burglary
include	anger	incluir
include	anticipation	incluir
include	disgust	incluir
include	fear	incluir
include	joy	incluir
include	negative	incluir
include	positive	incluir
include	sadness	incluir
include	surprise	incluir
include	trust	incluir
sack	anger	saco
sack	anticipation	de saco
sack	disgust	de saco
sack	fear	de saco
sack	joy	saco
sack	negative	de saco
sack	positive	de saco
sack	sadness	de saco
sack	surprise	saco
sack	trust	de saco
hobo	anger	hobo
hobo	anticipation	hobo
hobo	disgust	hobo
hobo	fear	hobo
hobo	joy	hobo
hobo	negative	hobo
hobo	positive	hobo
hobo	sadness	hobo
hobo	surprise	hobo
hobo	trust	hobo
toll	anger	peaje
toll	anticipation	de peaje
toll	disgust	de peaje
toll	fear	de peaje
toll	joy	peaje
toll	negative	de peaje
toll	positive	de peaje
toll	sadness	de peaje
toll	surprise	peaje
toll	trust	de peaje
ticklish	anger	ticklish
ticklish	anticipation	ticklish
ticklish	disgust	ticklish
ticklish	fear	ticklish
ticklish	joy	ticklish
ticklish	negative	ticklish
ticklish	positive	ticklish
ticklish	sadness	ticklish
ticklish	surprise	ticklish
ticklish	trust	ticklish
suppression	anger	suppression
suppression	anticipation	suppression
suppression	disgust	suppression
suppression	fear	suppression
suppression	joy	suppression
suppression	negative	suppression
suppression	positive	suppression
suppression	sadness	suppression
suppression	surprise	suppression
suppression	trust	suppression
furious	anger	furioso
furious	anticipation	furioso
furious	disgust	furioso
furious	fear	furioso
furious	joy	furioso
furious	negative	furioso
furious	positive	furioso
furious	sadness	corte
furious	surprise	furioso
furious	trust	furioso
cut	anger	furioso
cut	anticipation	corta
cut	disgust	el corte
cut	fear	cortado
cut	joy	corta
cut	negative	corte
cut	positive	de corte
cut	sadness	cortado
cut	surprise	corta
cut	trust	cohesión
cohesion	anger	de cohesión
cohesion	anticipation	de cohesión
cohesion	disgust	cortada
cohesion	fear	cohesión
cohesion	joy	de cohesión
cohesion	negative	de cohesión
cohesion	positive	de cohesión
cohesion	sadness	torpedo
cohesion	surprise	de cohesión
cohesion	trust	de cohesión
torpedo	anger	de cohesión
torpedo	anticipation	torpedo
torpedo	disgust	de torpedo
torpedo	fear	de torpedo
torpedo	joy	de torpedo
torpedo	negative	torpedo
torpedo	positive	de torpedo
torpedo	sadness	de torpedo
torpedo	surprise	de torpedo
torpedo	trust	torpedo
irritability	anger	irritability
irritability	anticipation	irritability
irritability	disgust	irritability
irritability	fear	irritability
irritability	joy	irritability
irritability	negative	irritability
irritability	positive	irritability
irritability	sadness	irritability
irritability	surprise	irritability
irritability	trust	irritability
haphazard	anger	fortuito
haphazard	anticipation	fortuito
haphazard	disgust	fortuito
haphazard	fear	fortuito
haphazard	joy	fortuito
haphazard	negative	fortuito
haphazard	positive	fortuito
haphazard	sadness	fama
haphazard	surprise	de fama
haphazard	trust	fortuita
fame	anger	fortuita
fame	anticipation	fortuita
fame	disgust	fama
fame	fear	de fama
fame	joy	de fama
fame	negative	de fama
fame	positive	fama
fame	sadness	de fama
fame	surprise	de fama
fame	trust	de fama
rush	anger	prisa
rush	anticipation	de prisa
rush	disgust	de prisa
rush	fear	de prisa
rush	joy	prisa
rush	negative	de prisa
rush	positive	de prisa
rush	sadness	de prisa
rush	surprise	prisa
rush	trust	de prisa
witty	anger	witty
witty	anticipation	witty
witty	disgust	witty
witty	fear	witty
witty	joy	witty
witty	negative	witty
witty	positive	witty
witty	sadness	witty
witty	surprise	witty
witty	trust	witty
darn	anger	darn
darn	anticipation	darn
darn	disgust	darn
darn	fear	darn
darn	joy	darn
darn	negative	darn
darn	positive	darn
darn	sadness	darn
darn	surprise	darn
darn	trust	darn
spigot	anger	spigot
spigot	anticipation	spigot
spigot	disgust	spigot
spigot	fear	spigot
spigot	joy	spigot
spigot	negative	spigot
spigot	positive	spigot
spigot	sadness	spigot
spigot	surprise	spigot
spigot	trust	spigot
venomous	anger	venomous
venomous	anticipation	venomous
venomous	disgust	venomous
venomous	fear	venomous
venomous	joy	venomous
venomous	negative	venomous
venomous	positive	venomous
venomous	sadness	venomous
venomous	surprise	venomous
venomous	trust	venomous
incomprehensible	anger	incomprensible
incomprehensible	anticipation	incomprensible
incomprehensible	disgust	incomprensible
incomprehensible	fear	incomprensible
incomprehensible	joy	incomprensible
incomprehensible	negative	incomprensible
incomprehensible	positive	incomprensible
incomprehensible	sadness	estratega
incomprehensible	surprise	de estratega
incomprehensible	trust	incomprensible
strategist	anger	incomprensible
strategist	anticipation	incomprensible
strategist	disgust	estratega
strategist	fear	de estratega
strategist	joy	de estratega
strategist	negative	de estratega
strategist	positive	estratega
strategist	sadness	de estratega
strategist	surprise	de estratega
strategist	trust	de estratega
encroach	anger	encroach
encroach	anticipation	encroach
encroach	disgust	encroach
encroach	fear	encroach
encroach	joy	encroach
encroach	negative	encroach
encroach	positive	encroach
encroach	sadness	encroach
encroach	surprise	encroach
encroach	trust	encroach
repellant	anger	repellant
repellant	anticipation	repellant
repellant	disgust	repellant
repellant	fear	repellant
repellant	joy	repellant
repellant	negative	repellant
repellant	positive	repellant
repellant	sadness	repellant
repellant	surprise	repellant
repellant	trust	repellant
deceived	anger	engañó
deceived	anticipation	engañado
deceived	disgust	engañó
deceived	fear	engañado
deceived	joy	engañó
deceived	negative	engañado
deceived	positive	engañó
deceived	sadness	engañado
deceived	surprise	engañó
deceived	trust	dinero efectivo
cash	anger	de dinero efectivo
cash	anticipation	de dinero efectivo
cash	disgust	engañado
cash	fear	dinero efectivo
cash	joy	de dinero efectivo
cash	negative	de dinero efectivo
cash	positive	de dinero efectivo
cash	sadness	dinero efectivo
cash	surprise	de dinero efectivo
cash	trust	del dinero efectivo
rustic	anger	rustic
rustic	anticipation	rustic
rustic	disgust	rustic
rustic	fear	rustic
rustic	joy	rustic
rustic	negative	rustic
rustic	positive	rustic
rustic	sadness	rustic
rustic	surprise	rustic
rustic	trust	rustic
unmitigated	anger	unmitigated
unmitigated	anticipation	unmitigated
unmitigated	disgust	unmitigated
unmitigated	fear	unmitigated
unmitigated	joy	unmitigated
unmitigated	negative	unmitigated
unmitigated	positive	unmitigated
unmitigated	sadness	unmitigated
unmitigated	surprise	unmitigated
unmitigated	trust	unmitigated
tortoise	anger	tortoise
tortoise	anticipation	tortoise
tortoise	disgust	tortoise
tortoise	fear	tortoise
tortoise	joy	tortoise
tortoise	negative	tortoise
tortoise	positive	tortoise
tortoise	sadness	tortoise
tortoise	surprise	tortoise
tortoise	trust	tortoise
reliability	anger	fiabilidad
reliability	anticipation	de fiabilidad
reliability	disgust	de fiabilidad
reliability	fear	de fiabilidad
reliability	joy	fiabilidad
reliability	negative	de fiabilidad
reliability	positive	de fiabilidad
reliability	sadness	de fiabilidad
reliability	surprise	aniquilación
reliability	trust	de aniquilación
annihilation	anger	de fiabilidad
annihilation	anticipation	de fiabilidad
annihilation	disgust	aniquilación
annihilation	fear	de aniquilación
annihilation	joy	de aniquilación
annihilation	negative	de aniquilación
annihilation	positive	aniquilación
annihilation	sadness	de aniquilación
annihilation	surprise	de aniquilación
annihilation	trust	de aniquilación
broom	anger	broom
broom	anticipation	broom
broom	disgust	broom
broom	fear	broom
broom	joy	broom
broom	negative	broom
broom	positive	broom
broom	sadness	broom
broom	surprise	broom
broom	trust	broom
reinforcements	anger	refuerzos
reinforcements	anticipation	de refuerzos
reinforcements	disgust	de refuerzos
reinforcements	fear	de refuerzos
reinforcements	joy	refuerzos
reinforcements	negative	de refuerzos
reinforcements	positive	de refuerzos
reinforcements	sadness	de refuerzos
reinforcements	surprise	refuerzos
reinforcements	trust	de refuerzos
abate	anger	calman
abate	anticipation	calmar
abate	disgust	calmar
abate	fear	calmar
abate	joy	calmar
abate	negative	calmar
abate	positive	calmar
abate	sadness	calmar
abate	surprise	calmar
abate	trust	calmar
hospitality	anger	hospitalidad
hospitality	anticipation	de hospitalidad
hospitality	disgust	de hospitalidad
hospitality	fear	de hospitalidad
hospitality	joy	hospitalidad
hospitality	negative	de hospitalidad
hospitality	positive	de hospitalidad
hospitality	sadness	de hospitalidad
hospitality	surprise	hospitalidad
hospitality	trust	de hospitalidad
abolish	anger	abole
abolish	anticipation	abolir
abolish	disgust	abolir
abolish	fear	abolir
abolish	joy	abolir
abolish	negative	abolir
abolish	positive	abolir
abolish	sadness	abolir
abolish	surprise	abolir
abolish	trust	abolir
vaulted	anger	vaulted
vaulted	anticipation	vaulted
vaulted	disgust	vaulted
vaulted	fear	vaulted
vaulted	joy	vaulted
vaulted	negative	vaulted
vaulted	positive	vaulted
vaulted	sadness	vaulted
vaulted	surprise	vaulted
vaulted	trust	vaulted
penniless	anger	penniless
penniless	anticipation	penniless
penniless	disgust	penniless
penniless	fear	penniless
penniless	joy	penniless
penniless	negative	penniless
penniless	positive	penniless
penniless	sadness	penniless
penniless	surprise	penniless
penniless	trust	penniless
worldwide	anger	en todo el mundo
worldwide	anticipation	en todo el mundo
worldwide	disgust	en todo el mundo
worldwide	fear	en todo el mundo
worldwide	joy	en todo el mundo
worldwide	negative	en todo el mundo
worldwide	positive	en todo el mundo
worldwide	sadness	en todo el mundo
worldwide	surprise	en todo el mundo
worldwide	trust	en todo el mundo
beating	anger	batiendo
beating	anticipation	batiendo
beating	disgust	batiendo
beating	fear	batiendo
beating	joy	batiendo
beating	negative	batiendo
beating	positive	batiendo
beating	sadness	batiendo
beating	surprise	batiendo
beating	trust	batiendo
simmering	anger	simmering
simmering	anticipation	simmering
simmering	disgust	simmering
simmering	fear	simmering
simmering	joy	simmering
simmering	negative	simmering
simmering	positive	simmering
simmering	sadness	simmering
simmering	surprise	simmering
simmering	trust	simmering
discards	anger	discards
discards	anticipation	discards
discards	disgust	discards
discards	fear	discards
discards	joy	discards
discards	negative	discards
discards	positive	discards
discards	sadness	discards
discards	surprise	discards
discards	trust	discards
oboe	anger	oboe
oboe	anticipation	de oboe
oboe	disgust	de oboe
oboe	fear	de oboe
oboe	joy	oboe
oboe	negative	de oboe
oboe	positive	de oboe
oboe	sadness	de oboe
oboe	surprise	oboe
oboe	trust	de oboe
listless	anger	lánguido
listless	anticipation	lánguido
listless	disgust	lánguido
listless	fear	lánguido
listless	joy	lánguido
listless	negative	lánguido
listless	positive	lánguido
listless	sadness	navío
listless	surprise	de navío
listless	trust	lánguido
shipping	anger	lánguido
shipping	anticipation	lánguido
shipping	disgust	navío
shipping	fear	de navío
shipping	joy	de navío
shipping	negative	de navío
shipping	positive	navío
shipping	sadness	de navío
shipping	surprise	de navío
shipping	trust	de navío
diction	anger	dicción
diction	anticipation	de dicción
diction	disgust	de dicción
diction	fear	de dicción
diction	joy	dicción
diction	negative	de dicción
diction	positive	de dicción
diction	sadness	de dicción
diction	surprise	parálisis
diction	trust	de parálisis
paralysis	anger	de dicción
paralysis	anticipation	de dicción
paralysis	disgust	parálisis
paralysis	fear	de parálisis
paralysis	joy	de parálisis
paralysis	negative	de parálisis
paralysis	positive	parálisis
paralysis	sadness	de parálisis
paralysis	surprise	de parálisis
paralysis	trust	de parálisis
poetical	anger	poetical
poetical	anticipation	poetical
poetical	disgust	poetical
poetical	fear	poetical
poetical	joy	poetical
poetical	negative	poetical
poetical	positive	poetical
poetical	sadness	poetical
poetical	surprise	poetical
poetical	trust	poetical
fierce	anger	feroz
fierce	anticipation	feroz
fierce	disgust	feroz
fierce	fear	feroz
fierce	joy	feroz
fierce	negative	feroz
fierce	positive	feroz
fierce	sadness	feroz
fierce	surprise	feroz
fierce	trust	feroz
tiling	anger	enladrillando
tiling	anticipation	enladrillando
tiling	disgust	enladrillando
tiling	fear	enladrillando
tiling	joy	enladrillando
tiling	negative	enladrillando
tiling	positive	enladrillando
tiling	sadness	enladrillando
tiling	surprise	enladrillando
tiling	trust	enladrillando
steamy	anger	steamy
steamy	anticipation	steamy
steamy	disgust	steamy
steamy	fear	steamy
steamy	joy	steamy
steamy	negative	steamy
steamy	positive	steamy
steamy	sadness	steamy
steamy	surprise	steamy
steamy	trust	steamy
spectacles	anger	ojeras
spectacles	anticipation	de ojeras
spectacles	disgust	de ojeras
spectacles	fear	de ojeras
spectacles	joy	ojeras
spectacles	negative	de ojeras
spectacles	positive	de ojeras
spectacles	sadness	de ojeras
spectacles	surprise	ojeras
spectacles	trust	de ojeras
educated	anger	educaron
educated	anticipation	educadas
educated	disgust	educó
educated	fear	educado
educated	joy	educó
educated	negative	educado
educated	positive	educó
educated	sadness	educado
educated	surprise	educó
educated	trust	educado
join	anger	unir
join	anticipation	unir
join	disgust	unir
join	fear	unir
join	joy	unir
join	negative	unir
join	positive	unir
join	sadness	unir
join	surprise	unir
join	trust	unir
mushroom	anger	seta
mushroom	anticipation	de seta
mushroom	disgust	de seta
mushroom	fear	de seta
mushroom	joy	seta
mushroom	negative	de seta
mushroom	positive	de seta
mushroom	sadness	de seta
mushroom	surprise	balsa
mushroom	trust	de balsa
raft	anger	de seta
raft	anticipation	de seta
raft	disgust	balsa
raft	fear	de balsa
raft	joy	de balsa
raft	negative	de balsa
raft	positive	balsa
raft	sadness	de balsa
raft	surprise	de balsa
raft	trust	de balsa
authentic	anger	auténtica
authentic	anticipation	auténtico
authentic	disgust	auténtico
authentic	fear	auténtico
authentic	joy	auténtico
authentic	negative	auténtico
authentic	positive	auténtico
authentic	sadness	auténtico
authentic	surprise	auténtico
authentic	trust	auténtico
adobe	anger	adobe
adobe	anticipation	adobe
adobe	disgust	adobe
adobe	fear	adobe
adobe	joy	adobe
adobe	negative	adobe
adobe	positive	adobe
adobe	sadness	adobe
adobe	surprise	adobe
adobe	trust	adobe
distribute	anger	distribuir
distribute	anticipation	distribuir
distribute	disgust	distribuir
distribute	fear	distribuir
distribute	joy	distribuir
distribute	negative	distribuir
distribute	positive	distribuir
distribute	sadness	distribuir
distribute	surprise	distribuir
distribute	trust	distribuir
chasm	anger	chasm
chasm	anticipation	chasm
chasm	disgust	chasm
chasm	fear	chasm
chasm	joy	chasm
chasm	negative	chasm
chasm	positive	chasm
chasm	sadness	chasm
chasm	surprise	chasm
chasm	trust	chasm
meaning	anger	significando
meaning	anticipation	significado
meaning	disgust	de significado
meaning	fear	de significado
meaning	joy	de significado
meaning	negative	significado
meaning	positive	de significado
meaning	sadness	de significado
meaning	surprise	de significado
meaning	trust	significado
gypsy	anger	gypsy
gypsy	anticipation	gypsy
gypsy	disgust	gypsy
gypsy	fear	gypsy
gypsy	joy	gypsy
gypsy	negative	gypsy
gypsy	positive	gypsy
gypsy	sadness	gypsy
gypsy	surprise	gypsy
gypsy	trust	gypsy
conjunctive	anger	conjunctive
conjunctive	anticipation	conjunctive
conjunctive	disgust	conjunctive
conjunctive	fear	conjunctive
conjunctive	joy	conjunctive
conjunctive	negative	conjunctive
conjunctive	positive	conjunctive
conjunctive	sadness	conjunctive
conjunctive	surprise	conjunctive
conjunctive	trust	conjunctive
adhere	anger	adherir
adhere	anticipation	adherir
adhere	disgust	adherir
adhere	fear	adherir
adhere	joy	adherir
adhere	negative	adherir
adhere	positive	adherir
adhere	sadness	adherir
adhere	surprise	adherir
adhere	trust	adherir
incompleteness	anger	incompletud
incompleteness	anticipation	de incompletud
incompleteness	disgust	de incompletud
incompleteness	fear	de incompletud
incompleteness	joy	incompletud
incompleteness	negative	de incompletud
incompleteness	positive	de incompletud
incompleteness	sadness	de incompletud
incompleteness	surprise	espectrómetro
incompleteness	trust	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	anger	de incompletud
spectrometer	anticipation	de incompletud
spectrometer	disgust	espectrómetro
spectrometer	fear	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	joy	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	negative	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	positive	espectrómetro
spectrometer	sadness	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	surprise	de espectrómetro
spectrometer	trust	de espectrómetro
pessimist	anger	pessimist
pessimist	anticipation	pessimist
pessimist	disgust	pessimist
pessimist	fear	pessimist
pessimist	joy	pessimist
pessimist	negative	pessimist
pessimist	positive	pessimist
pessimist	sadness	pessimist
pessimist	surprise	pessimist
pessimist	trust	pessimist
tripod	anger	tripod
tripod	anticipation	tripod
tripod	disgust	tripod
tripod	fear	tripod
tripod	joy	tripod
tripod	negative	tripod
tripod	positive	tripod
tripod	sadness	tripod
tripod	surprise	tripod
tripod	trust	tripod
tardy	anger	tardy
tardy	anticipation	tardy
tardy	disgust	tardy
tardy	fear	tardy
tardy	joy	tardy
tardy	negative	tardy
tardy	positive	tardy
tardy	sadness	tardy
tardy	surprise	tardy
tardy	trust	tardy
frost	anger	helada
frost	anticipation	de helada
frost	disgust	de helada
frost	fear	de helada
frost	joy	helada
frost	negative	de helada
frost	positive	de helada
frost	sadness	de helada
frost	surprise	helada
frost	trust	de helada
depend	anger	depende
depend	anticipation	depender
depend	disgust	depender
depend	fear	depender
depend	joy	depender
depend	negative	depender
depend	positive	depender
depend	sadness	depender
depend	surprise	depender
depend	trust	depender
adolescence	anger	adolescencia
adolescence	anticipation	de adolescencia
adolescence	disgust	de adolescencia
adolescence	fear	de adolescencia
adolescence	joy	adolescencia
adolescence	negative	de adolescencia
adolescence	positive	de adolescencia
adolescence	sadness	de adolescencia
adolescence	surprise	agilidad
adolescence	trust	de agilidad
agility	anger	de adolescencia
agility	anticipation	de adolescencia
agility	disgust	agilidad
agility	fear	de agilidad
agility	joy	de agilidad
agility	negative	de agilidad
agility	positive	agilidad
agility	sadness	de agilidad
agility	surprise	de agilidad
agility	trust	de agilidad
device	anger	dispositivo
device	anticipation	de dispositivo
device	disgust	de dispositivo
device	fear	de dispositivo
device	joy	dispositivo
device	negative	de dispositivo
device	positive	de dispositivo
device	sadness	de dispositivo
device	surprise	dispositivo
device	trust	de dispositivo
wherewith	anger	wherewith
wherewith	anticipation	wherewith
wherewith	disgust	wherewith
wherewith	fear	wherewith
wherewith	joy	wherewith
wherewith	negative	wherewith
wherewith	positive	wherewith
wherewith	sadness	wherewith
wherewith	surprise	wherewith
wherewith	trust	wherewith
unit	anger	unidad
unit	anticipation	de unidad
unit	disgust	de unidad
unit	fear	de unidad
unit	joy	unidad
unit	negative	de unidad
unit	positive	de unidad
unit	sadness	de unidad
unit	surprise	unidad
unit	trust	de unidad
illuminate	anger	illuminate
illuminate	anticipation	illuminate
illuminate	disgust	illuminate
illuminate	fear	illuminate
illuminate	joy	illuminate
illuminate	negative	illuminate
illuminate	positive	illuminate
illuminate	sadness	illuminate
illuminate	surprise	illuminate
illuminate	trust	illuminate
consonant	anger	consonante
consonant	anticipation	de consonante
consonant	disgust	de consonante
consonant	fear	de consonante
consonant	joy	consonante
consonant	negative	de consonante
consonant	positive	de consonante
consonant	sadness	de consonante
consonant	surprise	consonante
consonant	trust	de consonante
contagious	anger	contagiosa
contagious	anticipation	contagioso
contagious	disgust	contagioso
contagious	fear	contagioso
contagious	joy	contagioso
contagious	negative	contagioso
contagious	positive	contagioso
contagious	sadness	barco
contagious	surprise	de barco
contagious	trust	contagioso
vessel	anger	contagioso
vessel	anticipation	contagioso
vessel	disgust	barco
vessel	fear	de barco
vessel	joy	de barco
vessel	negative	de barco
vessel	positive	barco
vessel	sadness	de barco
vessel	surprise	de barco
vessel	trust	de barco que
exciting	anger	entusiasma
exciting	anticipation	apasionante
exciting	disgust	apasionante
exciting	fear	apasionante
exciting	joy	apasionante
exciting	negative	apasionante
exciting	positive	apasionante
exciting	sadness	dolor
exciting	surprise	de dolor
exciting	trust	apasionante
pain	anger	apasionante
pain	anticipation	apasionante
pain	disgust	dolor
pain	fear	de dolor
pain	joy	de dolor
pain	negative	de dolor
pain	positive	dolor
pain	sadness	de dolor
pain	surprise	de dolor
pain	trust	de dolor
piazza	anger	piazza
piazza	anticipation	piazza
piazza	disgust	piazza
piazza	fear	piazza
piazza	joy	piazza
piazza	negative	piazza
piazza	positive	piazza
piazza	sadness	piazza
piazza	surprise	piazza
piazza	trust	piazza
personable	anger	personable
personable	anticipation	personable
personable	disgust	personable
personable	fear	personable
personable	joy	personable
personable	negative	personable
personable	positive	personable
personable	sadness	personable
personable	surprise	personable
personable	trust	personable
page	anger	página
page	anticipation	de página
page	disgust	de página
page	fear	de página
page	joy	página
page	negative	de página
page	positive	de página
page	sadness	de página
page	surprise	página
page	trust	de página que
captivating	anger	cautiva
captivating	anticipation	cautivando
captivating	disgust	cautivando
captivating	fear	cautivando
captivating	joy	cautivando
captivating	negative	cautivando
captivating	positive	cautivando
captivating	sadness	cautivando
captivating	surprise	cautivando
captivating	trust	cautivando
plating	anger	plating
plating	anticipation	plating
plating	disgust	plating
plating	fear	plating
plating	joy	plating
plating	negative	plating
plating	positive	plating
plating	sadness	plating
plating	surprise	plating
plating	trust	plating
subtraction	anger	sustracción
subtraction	anticipation	de sustracción
subtraction	disgust	de sustracción
subtraction	fear	de sustracción
subtraction	joy	sustracción
subtraction	negative	de sustracción
subtraction	positive	de sustracción
subtraction	sadness	de sustracción
subtraction	surprise	sustracción
subtraction	trust	de sustracción
overwhelmed	anger	abrumó
overwhelmed	anticipation	abrumada
overwhelmed	disgust	abrumó
overwhelmed	fear	abrumado
overwhelmed	joy	abrumó
overwhelmed	negative	abrumado
overwhelmed	positive	abrumó
overwhelmed	sadness	abrumado
overwhelmed	surprise	abrumó
overwhelmed	trust	abrumado
glowing	anger	glowing
glowing	anticipation	glowing
glowing	disgust	glowing
glowing	fear	glowing
glowing	joy	glowing
glowing	negative	glowing
glowing	positive	glowing
glowing	sadness	glowing
glowing	surprise	glowing
glowing	trust	glowing
drooping	anger	drooping
drooping	anticipation	drooping
drooping	disgust	drooping
drooping	fear	drooping
drooping	joy	drooping
drooping	negative	drooping
drooping	positive	drooping
drooping	sadness	drooping
drooping	surprise	drooping
drooping	trust	drooping
perpetuate	anger	perpetuar
perpetuate	anticipation	perpetuar
perpetuate	disgust	perpetuar
perpetuate	fear	perpetuar
perpetuate	joy	perpetuar
perpetuate	negative	perpetuar
perpetuate	positive	perpetuar
perpetuate	sadness	perpetuar
perpetuate	surprise	perpetuar
perpetuate	trust	perpetuar
outsider	anger	outsider
outsider	anticipation	outsider
outsider	disgust	outsider
outsider	fear	outsider
outsider	joy	outsider
outsider	negative	outsider
outsider	positive	outsider
outsider	sadness	outsider
outsider	surprise	outsider
outsider	trust	outsider
outcast	anger	outcast
outcast	anticipation	outcast
outcast	disgust	outcast
outcast	fear	outcast
outcast	joy	outcast
outcast	negative	outcast
outcast	positive	outcast
outcast	sadness	outcast
outcast	surprise	outcast
outcast	trust	outcast
anonymous	anger	anónimo
anonymous	anticipation	anónimo
anonymous	disgust	anónimo
anonymous	fear	anónimo
anonymous	joy	anónimo
anonymous	negative	anónimo
anonymous	positive	anónimo
anonymous	sadness	anónimo
anonymous	surprise	anónimo
anonymous	trust	anónimo
hypocritical	anger	hypocritical
hypocritical	anticipation	hypocritical
hypocritical	disgust	hypocritical
hypocritical	fear	hypocritical
hypocritical	joy	hypocritical
hypocritical	negative	hypocritical
hypocritical	positive	hypocritical
hypocritical	sadness	hypocritical
hypocritical	surprise	hypocritical
hypocritical	trust	hypocritical
completion	anger	conclusión
completion	anticipation	de conclusión
completion	disgust	de conclusión
completion	fear	de conclusión
completion	joy	conclusión
completion	negative	de conclusión
completion	positive	de conclusión
completion	sadness	de conclusión
completion	surprise	casquete
completion	trust	de casquete
socket	anger	de conclusión
socket	anticipation	de conclusión
socket	disgust	casquete
socket	fear	de casquete
socket	joy	de casquete
socket	negative	de casquete
socket	positive	casquete
socket	sadness	de casquete
socket	surprise	de casquete
socket	trust	de casquete
febrile	anger	febrile
febrile	anticipation	febrile
febrile	disgust	febrile
febrile	fear	febrile
febrile	joy	febrile
febrile	negative	febrile
febrile	positive	febrile
febrile	sadness	febrile
febrile	surprise	febrile
febrile	trust	febrile
hustle	anger	hustle
hustle	anticipation	hustle
hustle	disgust	hustle
hustle	fear	hustle
hustle	joy	hustle
hustle	negative	hustle
hustle	positive	hustle
hustle	sadness	hustle
hustle	surprise	hustle
hustle	trust	hustle
culmination	anger	culminación
culmination	anticipation	de culminación
culmination	disgust	de culminación
culmination	fear	de culminación
culmination	joy	culminación
culmination	negative	de culminación
culmination	positive	de culminación
culmination	sadness	de culminación
culmination	surprise	forma
culmination	trust	de forma
shape	anger	de culminación
shape	anticipation	de culminación
shape	disgust	forma
shape	fear	de forma
shape	joy	de forma
shape	negative	de forma
shape	positive	forma
shape	sadness	de forma
shape	surprise	de forma
shape	trust	de forma
fend	anger	fend
fend	anticipation	fend
fend	disgust	fend
fend	fear	fend
fend	joy	fend
fend	negative	fend
fend	positive	fend
fend	sadness	fend
fend	surprise	fend
fend	trust	fend
faction	anger	facción
faction	anticipation	de facción
faction	disgust	de facción
faction	fear	de facción
faction	joy	facción
faction	negative	de facción
faction	positive	de facción
faction	sadness	de facción
faction	surprise	facción
faction	trust	de facción
evade	anger	elude
evade	anticipation	eludir
evade	disgust	eludir
evade	fear	eludir
evade	joy	eludir
evade	negative	eludir
evade	positive	eludir
evade	sadness	eludir
evade	surprise	eludir
evade	trust	eludir
lettered	anger	lettered
lettered	anticipation	lettered
lettered	disgust	lettered
lettered	fear	lettered
lettered	joy	lettered
lettered	negative	lettered
lettered	positive	lettered
lettered	sadness	lettered
lettered	surprise	lettered
lettered	trust	lettered
slowness	anger	lentitud
slowness	anticipation	de lentitud
slowness	disgust	de lentitud
slowness	fear	de lentitud
slowness	joy	lentitud
slowness	negative	de lentitud
slowness	positive	de lentitud
slowness	sadness	de lentitud
slowness	surprise	lentitud
slowness	trust	de lentitud
dishonest	anger	deshonesta
dishonest	anticipation	deshonesto
dishonest	disgust	deshonesto
dishonest	fear	deshonesto
dishonest	joy	deshonesto
dishonest	negative	deshonesto
dishonest	positive	deshonesto
dishonest	sadness	deshonesto
dishonest	surprise	deshonesto
dishonest	trust	deshonesto
cowl	anger	cowl
cowl	anticipation	cowl
cowl	disgust	cowl
cowl	fear	cowl
cowl	joy	cowl
cowl	negative	cowl
cowl	positive	cowl
cowl	sadness	cowl
cowl	surprise	cowl
cowl	trust	cowl
equivalent	anger	equivalente
equivalent	anticipation	equivalente
equivalent	disgust	equivalente
equivalent	fear	equivalente
equivalent	joy	equivalente
equivalent	negative	equivalente
equivalent	positive	equivalente
equivalent	sadness	movilidad
equivalent	surprise	de movilidad
equivalent	trust	equivalente
mobility	anger	equivalente
mobility	anticipation	equivalente
mobility	disgust	movilidad
mobility	fear	de movilidad
mobility	joy	de movilidad
mobility	negative	de movilidad
mobility	positive	movilidad
mobility	sadness	de movilidad
mobility	surprise	de movilidad
mobility	trust	de movilidad
formidable	anger	formidable
formidable	anticipation	formidable
formidable	disgust	formidable
formidable	fear	formidable
formidable	joy	formidable
formidable	negative	formidable
formidable	positive	formidable
formidable	sadness	formidable
formidable	surprise	formidable
formidable	trust	formidable
dangerous	anger	peligroso
dangerous	anticipation	peligroso
dangerous	disgust	peligroso
dangerous	fear	peligroso
dangerous	joy	peligroso
dangerous	negative	peligroso
dangerous	positive	peligroso
dangerous	sadness	peligroso
dangerous	surprise	peligroso
dangerous	trust	peligroso
monopolist	anger	monopolist
monopolist	anticipation	monopolist
monopolist	disgust	monopolist
monopolist	fear	monopolist
monopolist	joy	monopolist
monopolist	negative	monopolist
monopolist	positive	monopolist
monopolist	sadness	monopolist
monopolist	surprise	monopolist
monopolist	trust	monopolist
apply	anger	aplicar
apply	anticipation	aplicar
apply	disgust	aplicar
apply	fear	aplicar
apply	joy	aplicar
apply	negative	aplicar
apply	positive	aplicar
apply	sadness	aplicar
apply	surprise	aplicar
apply	trust	aplicar
hitherto	anger	hasta la fecha
hitherto	anticipation	hasta la fecha
hitherto	disgust	hasta la fecha
hitherto	fear	hasta la fecha
hitherto	joy	hasta la fecha
hitherto	negative	hasta la fecha
hitherto	positive	hasta la fecha
hitherto	sadness	hasta la fecha
hitherto	surprise	hasta la fecha
hitherto	trust	hasta la fecha
badly	anger	mal
badly	anticipation	mal
badly	disgust	mal
badly	fear	mal
badly	joy	mal
badly	negative	mal
badly	positive	mal
badly	sadness	mal
badly	surprise	mal
badly	trust	mal
pall	anger	pall
pall	anticipation	pall
pall	disgust	pall
pall	fear	pall
pall	joy	pall
pall	negative	pall
pall	positive	pall
pall	sadness	pall
pall	surprise	pall
pall	trust	pall
evil	anger	mal
evil	anticipation	de mal
evil	disgust	de mal
evil	fear	de mal
evil	joy	mal
evil	negative	de mal
evil	positive	de mal
evil	sadness	de mal
evil	surprise	ámbar
evil	trust	de ámbar
amber	anger	de mal
amber	anticipation	de mal
amber	disgust	ámbar
amber	fear	de ámbar
amber	joy	de ámbar
amber	negative	de ámbar
amber	positive	ámbar
amber	sadness	de ámbar
amber	surprise	de ámbar
amber	trust	de ámbar
suffocation	anger	suffocation
suffocation	anticipation	suffocation
suffocation	disgust	suffocation
suffocation	fear	suffocation
suffocation	joy	suffocation
suffocation	negative	suffocation
suffocation	positive	suffocation
suffocation	sadness	suffocation
suffocation	surprise	suffocation
suffocation	trust	suffocation
sulphur	anger	azufre
sulphur	anticipation	de azufre
sulphur	disgust	de azufre
sulphur	fear	de azufre
sulphur	joy	azufre
sulphur	negative	de azufre
sulphur	positive	de azufre
sulphur	sadness	de azufre
sulphur	surprise	guión
sulphur	trust	de guión
script	anger	de azufre
script	anticipation	de azufre
script	disgust	guión
script	fear	de guión
script	joy	de guión
script	negative	de guión
script	positive	guión
script	sadness	de guión
script	surprise	de guión
script	trust	de guión
swift	anger	veloz
swift	anticipation	veloz
swift	disgust	veloz
swift	fear	veloz
swift	joy	veloz
swift	negative	veloz
swift	positive	vencejo
swift	sadness	veloz
swift	surprise	veloz
swift	trust	veloz
czar	anger	czar
czar	anticipation	czar
czar	disgust	czar
czar	fear	czar
czar	joy	czar
czar	negative	czar
czar	positive	czar
czar	sadness	czar
czar	surprise	czar
czar	trust	czar
uplift	anger	uplift
uplift	anticipation	uplift
uplift	disgust	uplift
uplift	fear	uplift
uplift	joy	uplift
uplift	negative	uplift
uplift	positive	uplift
uplift	sadness	uplift
uplift	surprise	uplift
uplift	trust	uplift
ruby	anger	ruby
ruby	anticipation	ruby
ruby	disgust	ruby
ruby	fear	ruby
ruby	joy	ruby
ruby	negative	ruby
ruby	positive	ruby
ruby	sadness	ruby
ruby	surprise	ruby
ruby	trust	ruby
virus	anger	virus
virus	anticipation	de virus
virus	disgust	de virus
virus	fear	de virus
virus	joy	virus
virus	negative	de virus
virus	positive	de virus
virus	sadness	de virus
virus	surprise	fragancia
virus	trust	de fragancia
scent	anger	de virus
scent	anticipation	de virus
scent	disgust	fragancia
scent	fear	de fragancia
scent	joy	de fragancia
scent	negative	de fragancia
scent	positive	fragancia
scent	sadness	de fragancia
scent	surprise	de fragancia
scent	trust	de fragancia
exception	anger	excepción
exception	anticipation	de excepción
exception	disgust	de excepción
exception	fear	de excepción
exception	joy	excepción
exception	negative	de excepción
exception	positive	de excepción
exception	sadness	de excepción
exception	surprise	excepción
exception	trust	de excepción
vigorous	anger	enérgica
vigorous	anticipation	enérgico
vigorous	disgust	enérgico
vigorous	fear	enérgico
vigorous	joy	enérgico
vigorous	negative	enérgico
vigorous	positive	enérgico
vigorous	sadness	enérgico
vigorous	surprise	enérgico
vigorous	trust	enérgico
falling	anger	en descenso
falling	anticipation	en descenso
falling	disgust	en descenso
falling	fear	en descenso
falling	joy	en descenso
falling	negative	en descenso
falling	positive	en descenso
falling	sadness	patrocinador
falling	surprise	de patrocinador
falling	trust	en descenso
sponsor	anger	en descenso
sponsor	anticipation	en descenso
sponsor	disgust	patrocinador
sponsor	fear	de patrocinador
sponsor	joy	de patrocinador
sponsor	negative	de patrocinador
sponsor	positive	patrocinador
sponsor	sadness	de patrocinador
sponsor	surprise	de patrocinador
sponsor	trust	de patrocinador
commemorative	anger	commemorative
commemorative	anticipation	commemorative
commemorative	disgust	commemorative
commemorative	fear	commemorative
commemorative	joy	commemorative
commemorative	negative	commemorative
commemorative	positive	commemorative
commemorative	sadness	commemorative
commemorative	surprise	commemorative
commemorative	trust	commemorative
sleigh	anger	sleigh
sleigh	anticipation	sleigh
sleigh	disgust	sleigh
sleigh	fear	sleigh
sleigh	joy	sleigh
sleigh	negative	sleigh
sleigh	positive	sleigh
sleigh	sadness	sleigh
sleigh	surprise	sleigh
sleigh	trust	sleigh
dictator	anger	dictador
dictator	anticipation	de dictador
dictator	disgust	de dictador
dictator	fear	de dictador
dictator	joy	dictador
dictator	negative	de dictador
dictator	positive	de dictador
dictator	sadness	de dictador
dictator	surprise	dictador
dictator	trust	de dictador
furor	anger	furor
furor	anticipation	furor
furor	disgust	furor
furor	fear	furor
furor	joy	furor
furor	negative	furor
furor	positive	furor
furor	sadness	furor
furor	surprise	furor
furor	trust	furor
ultraviolet	anger	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	anticipation	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	disgust	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	fear	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	joy	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	negative	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	positive	ultravioleta
ultraviolet	sadness	ciervo
ultraviolet	surprise	de ciervo
ultraviolet	trust	ultravioleta
deer	anger	ultravioleta
deer	anticipation	ultravioleta
deer	disgust	ciervo
deer	fear	de ciervo
deer	joy	de ciervo
deer	negative	de ciervo
deer	positive	ciervo
deer	sadness	de ciervo
deer	surprise	de ciervo
deer	trust	de ciervo
presuppose	anger	presupone
presuppose	anticipation	presuponer
presuppose	disgust	presuponer
presuppose	fear	presuponer
presuppose	joy	presuponer
presuppose	negative	presuponer
presuppose	positive	presuponer
presuppose	sadness	presuponer
presuppose	surprise	presuponer
presuppose	trust	presuponer
grounded	anger	grounded
grounded	anticipation	grounded
grounded	disgust	grounded
grounded	fear	grounded
grounded	joy	grounded
grounded	negative	grounded
grounded	positive	grounded
grounded	sadness	grounded
grounded	surprise	grounded
grounded	trust	grounded
edification	anger	edification
edification	anticipation	edification
edification	disgust	edification
edification	fear	edification
edification	joy	edification
edification	negative	edification
edification	positive	edification
edification	sadness	edification
edification	surprise	edification
edification	trust	edification
collision	anger	colisión
collision	anticipation	de colisión
collision	disgust	de colisión
collision	fear	de colisión
collision	joy	colisión
collision	negative	de colisión
collision	positive	de colisión
collision	sadness	de colisión
collision	surprise	empleado
collision	trust	de empleado
clerk	anger	de colisión
clerk	anticipation	de colisión
clerk	disgust	empleado
clerk	fear	de empleado
clerk	joy	de empleado
clerk	negative	de empleado
clerk	positive	empleado
clerk	sadness	de empleado
clerk	surprise	de empleado
clerk	trust	de empleado
chamber	anger	cuarto
chamber	anticipation	de cuarto
chamber	disgust	de cuarto
chamber	fear	de cuarto
chamber	joy	cuarto
chamber	negative	de cuarto
chamber	positive	de cuarto
chamber	sadness	de cuarto
chamber	surprise	tropa
chamber	trust	de tropa
troop	anger	de cuarto
troop	anticipation	de cuarto
troop	disgust	tropa
troop	fear	de tropa
troop	joy	de tropa
troop	negative	de tropa
troop	positive	tropa
troop	sadness	de tropa
troop	surprise	de tropa
troop	trust	de tropa
waves	anger	las olas
waves	anticipation	agita
waves	disgust	olas
waves	fear	de olas
waves	joy	agita
waves	negative	las olas
waves	positive	agita
waves	sadness	las olas
waves	surprise	agita
waves	trust	olas
jumbled	anger	jumbled
jumbled	anticipation	jumbled
jumbled	disgust	jumbled
jumbled	fear	jumbled
jumbled	joy	jumbled
jumbled	negative	jumbled
jumbled	positive	jumbled
jumbled	sadness	jumbled
jumbled	surprise	jumbled
jumbled	trust	jumbled
softening	anger	suavizando
softening	anticipation	suavizando
softening	disgust	suavizando
softening	fear	suavizando
softening	joy	suavizando
softening	negative	suavizando
softening	positive	suavizando
softening	sadness	suavizando
softening	surprise	suavizando
softening	trust	suavizando
programme	anger	programa
programme	anticipation	de programa
programme	disgust	de programa
programme	fear	de programa
programme	joy	programa
programme	negative	de programa
programme	positive	de programa
programme	sadness	de programa
programme	surprise	programa
programme	trust	de programa
rotate	anger	rotate
rotate	anticipation	rotate
rotate	disgust	rotate
rotate	fear	rotate
rotate	joy	rotate
rotate	negative	rotate
rotate	positive	rotate
rotate	sadness	rotate
rotate	surprise	rotate
rotate	trust	rotate
discrimination	anger	discriminación
discrimination	anticipation	de discriminación
discrimination	disgust	de discriminación
discrimination	fear	de discriminación
discrimination	joy	discriminación
discrimination	negative	de discriminación
discrimination	positive	de discriminación
discrimination	sadness	de discriminación
discrimination	surprise	discriminación
discrimination	trust	de discriminación
belay	anger	belay
belay	anticipation	belay
belay	disgust	belay
belay	fear	belay
belay	joy	belay
belay	negative	belay
belay	positive	belay
belay	sadness	belay
belay	surprise	belay
belay	trust	belay
unlicensed	anger	unlicensed
unlicensed	anticipation	unlicensed
unlicensed	disgust	unlicensed
unlicensed	fear	unlicensed
unlicensed	joy	unlicensed
unlicensed	negative	unlicensed
unlicensed	positive	unlicensed
unlicensed	sadness	unlicensed
unlicensed	surprise	unlicensed
unlicensed	trust	unlicensed
balm	anger	bálsamo
balm	anticipation	de bálsamo
balm	disgust	de bálsamo
balm	fear	de bálsamo
balm	joy	bálsamo
balm	negative	de bálsamo
balm	positive	de bálsamo
balm	sadness	de bálsamo
balm	surprise	bálsamo
balm	trust	de bálsamo
staccato	anger	staccato
staccato	anticipation	staccato
staccato	disgust	staccato
staccato	fear	staccato
staccato	joy	staccato
staccato	negative	staccato
staccato	positive	staccato
staccato	sadness	staccato
staccato	surprise	staccato
staccato	trust	staccato
dock	anger	muelle
dock	anticipation	de muelle
dock	disgust	de muelle
dock	fear	de muelle
dock	joy	muelle
dock	negative	de muelle
dock	positive	de muelle
dock	sadness	de muelle
dock	surprise	muelle
dock	trust	de muelle
admixture	anger	admixture
admixture	anticipation	admixture
admixture	disgust	admixture
admixture	fear	admixture
admixture	joy	admixture
admixture	negative	admixture
admixture	positive	admixture
admixture	sadness	admixture
admixture	surprise	admixture
admixture	trust	admixture
ward	anger	ward
ward	anticipation	ward
ward	disgust	ward
ward	fear	ward
ward	joy	ward
ward	negative	ward
ward	positive	ward
ward	sadness	ward
ward	surprise	ward
ward	trust	ward
time	anger	tiempo
time	anticipation	de tiempo
time	disgust	de tiempo
time	fear	de tiempo
time	joy	tiempo
time	negative	de tiempo
time	positive	de tiempo
time	sadness	de tiempo
time	surprise	microscopio
time	trust	de microscopio
microscope	anger	de tiempo
microscope	anticipation	de tiempo
microscope	disgust	microscopio
microscope	fear	de microscopio
microscope	joy	de microscopio
microscope	negative	de microscopio
microscope	positive	microscopio
microscope	sadness	de microscopio
microscope	surprise	de microscopio
microscope	trust	de microscopio
cylindrical	anger	cilíndrico
cylindrical	anticipation	cilíndrico
cylindrical	disgust	cilíndrico
cylindrical	fear	cilíndrico
cylindrical	joy	cilíndrico
cylindrical	negative	cilíndrico
cylindrical	positive	cilíndrico
cylindrical	sadness	cilíndrico
cylindrical	surprise	cilíndrico
cylindrical	trust	cilíndrico
sketchy	anger	sketchy
sketchy	anticipation	sketchy
sketchy	disgust	sketchy
sketchy	fear	sketchy
sketchy	joy	sketchy
sketchy	negative	sketchy
sketchy	positive	sketchy
sketchy	sadness	sketchy
sketchy	surprise	sketchy
sketchy	trust	sketchy
round	anger	ronda
round	anticipation	de ronda
round	disgust	de ronda
round	fear	de ronda
round	joy	ronda
round	negative	de ronda
round	positive	de ronda
round	sadness	de ronda
round	surprise	ronda
round	trust	de ronda
heifer	anger	heifer
heifer	anticipation	heifer
heifer	disgust	heifer
heifer	fear	heifer
heifer	joy	heifer
heifer	negative	heifer
heifer	positive	heifer
heifer	sadness	heifer
heifer	surprise	heifer
heifer	trust	heifer
delectable	anger	delectable
delectable	anticipation	delectable
delectable	disgust	delectable
delectable	fear	delectable
delectable	joy	delectable
delectable	negative	delectable
delectable	positive	delectable
delectable	sadness	delectable
delectable	surprise	delectable
delectable	trust	delectable
puree	anger	puree
puree	anticipation	puree
puree	disgust	puree
puree	fear	puree
puree	joy	puree
puree	negative	puree
puree	positive	puree
puree	sadness	puree
puree	surprise	puree
puree	trust	puree
adjuvant	anger	adjuvant
adjuvant	anticipation	adjuvant
adjuvant	disgust	adjuvant
adjuvant	fear	adjuvant
adjuvant	joy	adjuvant
adjuvant	negative	adjuvant
adjuvant	positive	adjuvant
adjuvant	sadness	adjuvant
adjuvant	surprise	adjuvant
adjuvant	trust	adjuvant
oligarchy	anger	oligarquía
oligarchy	anticipation	de oligarquía
oligarchy	disgust	de oligarquía
oligarchy	fear	de oligarquía
oligarchy	joy	oligarquía
oligarchy	negative	de oligarquía
oligarchy	positive	de oligarquía
oligarchy	sadness	de oligarquía
oligarchy	surprise	oligarquía
oligarchy	trust	de oligarquía
orderly	anger	ordenada
orderly	anticipation	ordenado
orderly	disgust	ordenado
orderly	fear	ordenado
orderly	joy	ordenado
orderly	negative	ordenado
orderly	positive	ordenado
orderly	sadness	ordenado
orderly	surprise	ordenado
orderly	trust	ordenado
codify	anger	codify
codify	anticipation	codify
codify	disgust	codify
codify	fear	codify
codify	joy	codify
codify	negative	codify
codify	positive	codify
codify	sadness	codify
codify	surprise	codify
codify	trust	codify
corduroy	anger	pana
corduroy	anticipation	de pana
corduroy	disgust	de pana
corduroy	fear	de pana
corduroy	joy	pana
corduroy	negative	de pana
corduroy	positive	de pana
corduroy	sadness	de pana
corduroy	surprise	abismo
corduroy	trust	de abismo
abyss	anger	de pana
abyss	anticipation	de pana
abyss	disgust	abismo
abyss	fear	de abismo
abyss	joy	de abismo
abyss	negative	de abismo
abyss	positive	abismo
abyss	sadness	de abismo
abyss	surprise	de abismo
abyss	trust	de abismo
shortly	anger	dentro de poco
shortly	anticipation	dentro de poco
shortly	disgust	dentro de poco
shortly	fear	dentro de poco
shortly	joy	dentro de poco
shortly	negative	dentro de poco
shortly	positive	dentro de poco
shortly	sadness	dentro de poco
shortly	surprise	dentro de poco
shortly	trust	dentro de poco
retrieve	anger	recuperar
retrieve	anticipation	recuperar
retrieve	disgust	recuperar
retrieve	fear	recuperar
retrieve	joy	recuperar
retrieve	negative	recuperar
retrieve	positive	recuperar
retrieve	sadness	recuperar
retrieve	surprise	recuperar
retrieve	trust	recuperar
zany	anger	zany
zany	anticipation	zany
zany	disgust	zany
zany	fear	zany
zany	joy	zany
zany	negative	zany
zany	positive	zany
zany	sadness	zany
zany	surprise	zany
zany	trust	zany
omen	anger	omen
omen	anticipation	omen
omen	disgust	omen
omen	fear	omen
omen	joy	omen
omen	negative	omen
omen	positive	omen
omen	sadness	omen
omen	surprise	omen
omen	trust	omen
centenary	anger	centenario
centenary	anticipation	de centenario
centenary	disgust	de centenario
centenary	fear	de centenario
centenary	joy	centenario
centenary	negative	de centenario
centenary	positive	de centenario
centenary	sadness	de centenario
centenary	surprise	nacionalidad
centenary	trust	de nacionalidad
nationality	anger	de centenario
nationality	anticipation	de centenario
nationality	disgust	nacionalidad
nationality	fear	de nacionalidad
nationality	joy	de nacionalidad
nationality	negative	de nacionalidad
nationality	positive	nacionalidad
nationality	sadness	de nacionalidad
nationality	surprise	de nacionalidad
nationality	trust	de nacionalidad
tempest	anger	tempest
tempest	anticipation	tempest
tempest	disgust	tempest
tempest	fear	tempest
tempest	joy	tempest
tempest	negative	tempest
tempest	positive	tempest
tempest	sadness	tempest
tempest	surprise	tempest
tempest	trust	tempest
cocaine	anger	cocaína
cocaine	anticipation	de cocaína
cocaine	disgust	de cocaína
cocaine	fear	de cocaína
cocaine	joy	cocaína
cocaine	negative	de cocaína
cocaine	positive	de cocaína
cocaine	sadness	de cocaína
cocaine	surprise	hijo
cocaine	trust	de hijo
son	anger	de cocaína
son	anticipation	de cocaína
son	disgust	hijo
son	fear	de hijo
son	joy	de hijo
son	negative	de hijo
son	positive	hijo
son	sadness	de hijo
son	surprise	de hijo
son	trust	de hijo
human	anger	humano
human	anticipation	humano
human	disgust	humano
human	fear	humano
human	joy	humano
human	negative	humano
human	positive	humano
human	sadness	cubo
human	surprise	de cubo
human	trust	humano
bin	anger	humano
bin	anticipation	humano
bin	disgust	cubo
bin	fear	de cubo
bin	joy	de cubo
bin	negative	de cubo
bin	positive	cubo
bin	sadness	de cubo
bin	surprise	de cubo
bin	trust	de cubo
snowy	anger	snowy
snowy	anticipation	snowy
snowy	disgust	snowy
snowy	fear	snowy
snowy	joy	snowy
snowy	negative	snowy
snowy	positive	snowy
snowy	sadness	snowy
snowy	surprise	snowy
snowy	trust	snowy
tremble	anger	temblar
tremble	anticipation	temblar
tremble	disgust	temblar
tremble	fear	temblar
tremble	joy	temblar
tremble	negative	temblar
tremble	positive	temblar
tremble	sadness	temblar
tremble	surprise	temblar
tremble	trust	temblar
precipitation	anger	precipitación
precipitation	anticipation	de precipitación
precipitation	disgust	de precipitación
precipitation	fear	de precipitación
precipitation	joy	precipitación
precipitation	negative	de precipitación
precipitation	positive	de precipitación
precipitation	sadness	de precipitación
precipitation	surprise	gato montés
precipitation	trust	de gato montés
wildcat	anger	de precipitación
wildcat	anticipation	de precipitación
wildcat	disgust	gato montés
wildcat	fear	de gato montés
wildcat	joy	de gato montés
wildcat	negative	de gato montés
wildcat	positive	gato montés
wildcat	sadness	de gato montés
wildcat	surprise	de gato montés
wildcat	trust	de gato montés
spark	anger	chispa
spark	anticipation	de chispa
spark	disgust	de chispa
spark	fear	de chispa
spark	joy	chispa
spark	negative	de chispa
spark	positive	de chispa
spark	sadness	de chispa
spark	surprise	goteo
spark	trust	de goteo
dripping	anger	de chispa
dripping	anticipation	de chispa
dripping	disgust	goteo
dripping	fear	de goteo
dripping	joy	de goteo
dripping	negative	de goteo
dripping	positive	goteo
dripping	sadness	de goteo
dripping	surprise	de goteo
dripping	trust	de goteo
comparatively	anger	comparativamente
comparatively	anticipation	comparativamente
comparatively	disgust	comparativamente
comparatively	fear	comparativamente
comparatively	joy	comparativamente
comparatively	negative	comparativamente
comparatively	positive	comparativamente
comparatively	sadness	comparativamente
comparatively	surprise	comparativamente
comparatively	trust	comparativamente
wistful	anger	wistful
wistful	anticipation	wistful
wistful	disgust	wistful
wistful	fear	wistful
wistful	joy	wistful
wistful	negative	wistful
wistful	positive	wistful
wistful	sadness	wistful
wistful	surprise	wistful
wistful	trust	wistful
pray	anger	rogar
pray	anticipation	rogar
pray	disgust	rogar
pray	fear	rogar
pray	joy	rogar
pray	negative	rogar
pray	positive	rogar
pray	sadness	rogar
pray	surprise	rogar
pray	trust	rogar
framework	anger	marco
framework	anticipation	de marco
framework	disgust	de marco
framework	fear	de marco
framework	joy	marco
framework	negative	de marco
framework	positive	de marco
framework	sadness	de marco
framework	surprise	comedor
framework	trust	de comedor
canteen	anger	de marco
canteen	anticipation	de marco
canteen	disgust	comedor
canteen	fear	de comedor
canteen	joy	de comedor
canteen	negative	de comedor
canteen	positive	comedor
canteen	sadness	de comedor
canteen	surprise	de comedor
canteen	trust	de comedor
participate	anger	participa
participate	anticipation	participar
participate	disgust	participar
participate	fear	participar
participate	joy	participar
participate	negative	participar
participate	positive	participar
participate	sadness	participar
participate	surprise	participar
participate	trust	participar
geometry	anger	geometría
geometry	anticipation	de geometría
geometry	disgust	de geometría
geometry	fear	de geometría
geometry	joy	geometría
geometry	negative	de geometría
geometry	positive	de geometría
geometry	sadness	de geometría
geometry	surprise	geometría
geometry	trust	de geometría
locate	anger	localiza
locate	anticipation	localizar
locate	disgust	localizar
locate	fear	localizar
locate	joy	localizar
locate	negative	localizar
locate	positive	localizar
locate	sadness	localizar
locate	surprise	localizar
locate	trust	localizar
retaliation	anger	represalia
retaliation	anticipation	de represalia
retaliation	disgust	de represalia
retaliation	fear	de represalia
retaliation	joy	represalia
retaliation	negative	de represalia
retaliation	positive	de represalia
retaliation	sadness	de represalia
retaliation	surprise	predicador
retaliation	trust	de predicador
preacher	anger	de represalia
preacher	anticipation	de represalia
preacher	disgust	predicador
preacher	fear	de predicador
preacher	joy	de predicador
preacher	negative	de predicador
preacher	positive	predicador
preacher	sadness	de predicador
preacher	surprise	de predicador
preacher	trust	de predicador
shackle	anger	shackle
shackle	anticipation	shackle
shackle	disgust	shackle
shackle	fear	shackle
shackle	joy	shackle
shackle	negative	shackle
shackle	positive	shackle
shackle	sadness	shackle
shackle	surprise	shackle
shackle	trust	shackle
expenditure	anger	gasto
expenditure	anticipation	de gasto
expenditure	disgust	de gasto
expenditure	fear	de gasto
expenditure	joy	gasto
expenditure	negative	de gasto
expenditure	positive	de gasto
expenditure	sadness	de gasto
expenditure	surprise	gasto
expenditure	trust	de gasto
drapery	anger	drapery
drapery	anticipation	drapery
drapery	disgust	drapery
drapery	fear	drapery
drapery	joy	drapery
drapery	negative	drapery
drapery	positive	drapery
drapery	sadness	drapery
drapery	surprise	drapery
drapery	trust	drapery
autograph	anger	autógrafo
autograph	anticipation	de autógrafo
autograph	disgust	de autógrafo
autograph	fear	de autógrafo
autograph	joy	autógrafo
autograph	negative	de autógrafo
autograph	positive	de autógrafo
autograph	sadness	de autógrafo
autograph	surprise	autógrafo
autograph	trust	de autógrafo
prone	anger	prone
prone	anticipation	prone
prone	disgust	prone
prone	fear	prone
prone	joy	prone
prone	negative	prone
prone	positive	prone
prone	sadness	prone
prone	surprise	prone
prone	trust	prone
praise	anger	elogio
praise	anticipation	de elogio
praise	disgust	de elogio
praise	fear	de elogio
praise	joy	elogio
praise	negative	de elogio
praise	positive	de elogio
praise	sadness	de elogio
praise	surprise	elogio
praise	trust	de elogio
violently	anger	apresivamente
violently	anticipation	apresivamente
violently	disgust	apresivamente
violently	fear	apresivamente
violently	joy	apresivamente
violently	negative	apresivamente
violently	positive	apresivamente
violently	sadness	apresivamente
violently	surprise	apresivamente
violently	trust	apresivamente
procurement	anger	aprovisionamiento
procurement	anticipation	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	disgust	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	fear	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	joy	aprovisionamiento
procurement	negative	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	positive	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	sadness	de aprovisionamiento
procurement	surprise	basílica
procurement	trust	de basílica
basilica	anger	de aprovisionamiento
basilica	anticipation	de aprovisionamiento
basilica	disgust	basílica
basilica	fear	de basílica
basilica	joy	de basílica
basilica	negative	de basílica
basilica	positive	basílica
basilica	sadness	de basílica
basilica	surprise	de basílica
basilica	trust	de basílica
tan	anger	bronceado
tan	anticipation	de bronceado
tan	disgust	de bronceado
tan	fear	de bronceado
tan	joy	bronceado
tan	negative	de bronceado
tan	positive	de bronceado
tan	sadness	de bronceado
tan	surprise	bronceado
tan	trust	de bronceado
obliteration	anger	obliteration
obliteration	anticipation	obliteration
obliteration	disgust	obliteration
obliteration	fear	obliteration
obliteration	joy	obliteration
obliteration	negative	obliteration
obliteration	positive	obliteration
obliteration	sadness	obliteration
obliteration	surprise	obliteration
obliteration	trust	obliteration
inaction	anger	inacción
inaction	anticipation	de inacción
inaction	disgust	de inacción
inaction	fear	de inacción
inaction	joy	inacción
inaction	negative	de inacción
inaction	positive	de inacción
inaction	sadness	de inacción
inaction	surprise	inacción
inaction	trust	de inacción
complex	anger	compleja
complex	anticipation	complejo
complex	disgust	complejo
complex	fear	complejo
complex	joy	complejo
complex	negative	complejo
complex	positive	complejo
complex	sadness	complejo
complex	surprise	complejo
complex	trust	complejo
iterative	anger	iterativo
iterative	anticipation	iterativo
iterative	disgust	iterativo
iterative	fear	iterativo
iterative	joy	iterativo
iterative	negative	iterativo
iterative	positive	iterativo
iterative	sadness	avaricia
iterative	surprise	de avaricia
iterative	trust	iterativa
avarice	anger	iterativa
avarice	anticipation	iterativa
avarice	disgust	avaricia
avarice	fear	de avaricia
avarice	joy	de avaricia
avarice	negative	de avaricia
avarice	positive	avaricia
avarice	sadness	de avaricia
avarice	surprise	de avaricia
avarice	trust	de avaricia
midnight	anger	medianoche
midnight	anticipation	de medianoche
midnight	disgust	de medianoche
midnight	fear	de medianoche
midnight	joy	medianoche
midnight	negative	de medianoche
midnight	positive	de medianoche
midnight	sadness	de medianoche
midnight	surprise	medianoche
midnight	trust	de medianoche
indeterminate	anger	indeterminada
indeterminate	anticipation	indeterminado
indeterminate	disgust	indeterminado
indeterminate	fear	indeterminado
indeterminate	joy	indeterminado
indeterminate	negative	indeterminado
indeterminate	positive	indeterminado
indeterminate	sadness	indeterminado
indeterminate	surprise	indeterminado
indeterminate	trust	indeterminado
imperative	anger	imperativo
imperative	anticipation	imperativo
imperative	disgust	imperativo
imperative	fear	imperativo
imperative	joy	imperativo
imperative	negative	imperativo
imperative	positive	imperativo
imperative	sadness	primate
imperative	surprise	de primate
imperative	trust	imperativo
primate	anger	imperativo
primate	anticipation	imperativo
primate	disgust	primate
primate	fear	de primate
primate	joy	de primate
primate	negative	de primate
primate	positive	primate
primate	sadness	de primate
primate	surprise	de primate
primate	trust	de primate
aviation	anger	aviación
aviation	anticipation	de aviación
aviation	disgust	de aviación
aviation	fear	de aviación
aviation	joy	aviación
aviation	negative	de aviación
aviation	positive	de aviación
aviation	sadness	de aviación
aviation	surprise	aviación
aviation	trust	de aviación
wherefore	anger	wherefore
wherefore	anticipation	wherefore
wherefore	disgust	wherefore
wherefore	fear	wherefore
wherefore	joy	wherefore
wherefore	negative	wherefore
wherefore	positive	wherefore
wherefore	sadness	wherefore
wherefore	surprise	wherefore
wherefore	trust	wherefore
neonatal	anger	neonatal
neonatal	anticipation	neonatal
neonatal	disgust	neonatal
neonatal	fear	neonatal
neonatal	joy	neonatal
neonatal	negative	neonatal
neonatal	positive	neonatal
neonatal	sadness	suciedad
neonatal	surprise	de suciedad
neonatal	trust	neonatal
dirt	anger	neonatal
dirt	anticipation	neonatal
dirt	disgust	suciedad
dirt	fear	de suciedad
dirt	joy	de suciedad
dirt	negative	de suciedad
dirt	positive	suciedad
dirt	sadness	de suciedad
dirt	surprise	de suciedad
dirt	trust	de suciedad
incite	anger	incita
incite	anticipation	incitar
incite	disgust	incitar
incite	fear	incitar
incite	joy	incitar
incite	negative	incitar
incite	positive	incitar
incite	sadness	incitar
incite	surprise	incitar
incite	trust	incitar
cell	anger	célula
cell	anticipation	de célula
cell	disgust	de célula
cell	fear	de célula
cell	joy	célula
cell	negative	de célula
cell	positive	de célula
cell	sadness	de célula
cell	surprise	célula
cell	trust	de célula
tiara	anger	tiara
tiara	anticipation	tiara
tiara	disgust	tiara
tiara	fear	tiara
tiara	joy	tiara
tiara	negative	tiara
tiara	positive	tiara
tiara	sadness	tiara
tiara	surprise	tiara
tiara	trust	tiara
cry	anger	grito
cry	anticipation	de grito
cry	disgust	de grito
cry	fear	de grito
cry	joy	grito
cry	negative	de grito
cry	positive	de grito
cry	sadness	de grito
cry	surprise	teléfono
cry	trust	de teléfono
phone	anger	de grito
phone	anticipation	de grito
phone	disgust	teléfono
phone	fear	de teléfono
phone	joy	de teléfono
phone	negative	de teléfono
phone	positive	teléfono
phone	sadness	de teléfono
phone	surprise	de teléfono
phone	trust	de teléfono
mouthful	anger	mouthful
mouthful	anticipation	mouthful
mouthful	disgust	mouthful
mouthful	fear	mouthful
mouthful	joy	mouthful
mouthful	negative	mouthful
mouthful	positive	mouthful
mouthful	sadness	mouthful
mouthful	surprise	mouthful
mouthful	trust	mouthful
journey	anger	viaje
journey	anticipation	de viaje
journey	disgust	de viaje
journey	fear	de viaje
journey	joy	viaje
journey	negative	de viaje
journey	positive	de viaje
journey	sadness	de viaje
journey	surprise	viaje
journey	trust	de viaje
whirl	anger	whirl
whirl	anticipation	whirl
whirl	disgust	whirl
whirl	fear	whirl
whirl	joy	whirl
whirl	negative	whirl
whirl	positive	whirl
whirl	sadness	whirl
whirl	surprise	whirl
whirl	trust	whirl
pulp	anger	pulp
pulp	anticipation	pulp
pulp	disgust	pulp
pulp	fear	pulp
pulp	joy	pulp
pulp	negative	pulp
pulp	positive	pulp
pulp	sadness	pulp
pulp	surprise	pulp
pulp	trust	pulp
drunkenness	anger	embriaguez
drunkenness	anticipation	de embriaguez
drunkenness	disgust	de embriaguez
drunkenness	fear	de embriaguez
drunkenness	joy	embriaguez
drunkenness	negative	de embriaguez
drunkenness	positive	de embriaguez
drunkenness	sadness	de embriaguez
drunkenness	surprise	lista de control
drunkenness	trust	de lista de control
checklist	anger	de embriaguez
checklist	anticipation	de embriaguez
checklist	disgust	lista de control
checklist	fear	de lista de control
checklist	joy	de lista de control
checklist	negative	de lista de control
checklist	positive	lista de control
checklist	sadness	de lista de control
checklist	surprise	de lista de control
checklist	trust	de lista de control
unbound	anger	unbound
unbound	anticipation	unbound
unbound	disgust	unbound
unbound	fear	unbound
unbound	joy	unbound
unbound	negative	unbound
unbound	positive	unbound
unbound	sadness	unbound
unbound	surprise	unbound
unbound	trust	unbound
housing	anger	albergando
housing	anticipation	alojamiento
housing	disgust	de alojamiento
housing	fear	de alojamiento
housing	joy	de alojamiento
housing	negative	alojamiento
housing	positive	de alojamiento
housing	sadness	de alojamiento
housing	surprise	de alojamiento
housing	trust	cuerda
string	anger	de cuerda
string	anticipation	de cuerda
string	disgust	de alojamiento
string	fear	cuerda
string	joy	de cuerda
string	negative	de cuerda
string	positive	de cuerda
string	sadness	secretario
string	surprise	de cuerda
string	trust	de cuerda
secretary	anger	de cuerda
secretary	anticipation	secretario
secretary	disgust	de secretario
secretary	fear	de secretario
secretary	joy	de secretario
secretary	negative	secretario
secretary	positive	de secretario
secretary	sadness	de secretario
secretary	surprise	de secretario
secretary	trust	secretario
origination	anger	origination
origination	anticipation	origination
origination	disgust	origination
origination	fear	origination
origination	joy	origination
origination	negative	origination
origination	positive	origination
origination	sadness	origination
origination	surprise	origination
origination	trust	origination
kinky	anger	kinky
kinky	anticipation	kinky
kinky	disgust	kinky
kinky	fear	kinky
kinky	joy	kinky
kinky	negative	kinky
kinky	positive	kinky
kinky	sadness	kinky
kinky	surprise	kinky
kinky	trust	kinky
disuse	anger	desuso
disuse	anticipation	de desuso
disuse	disgust	de desuso
disuse	fear	de desuso
disuse	joy	desuso
disuse	negative	de desuso
disuse	positive	de desuso
disuse	sadness	de desuso
disuse	surprise	caníbal
disuse	trust	de caníbal
cannibal	anger	de desuso
cannibal	anticipation	de desuso
cannibal	disgust	caníbal
cannibal	fear	de caníbal
cannibal	joy	de caníbal
cannibal	negative	de caníbal
cannibal	positive	caníbal
cannibal	sadness	de caníbal
cannibal	surprise	de caníbal
cannibal	trust	de caníbal
snipe	anger	snipe
snipe	anticipation	snipe
snipe	disgust	snipe
snipe	fear	snipe
snipe	joy	snipe
snipe	negative	snipe
snipe	positive	snipe
snipe	sadness	snipe
snipe	surprise	snipe
snipe	trust	snipe
imitation	anger	imitación
imitation	anticipation	de imitación
imitation	disgust	de imitación
imitation	fear	de imitación
imitation	joy	imitación
imitation	negative	de imitación
imitation	positive	de imitación
imitation	sadness	de imitación
imitation	surprise	imitación
imitation	trust	de imitación
dominant	anger	dominante
dominant	anticipation	dominante
dominant	disgust	dominante
dominant	fear	dominante
dominant	joy	dominante
dominant	negative	dominante
dominant	positive	dominante
dominant	sadness	dominante
dominant	surprise	dominante
dominant	trust	dominante
offload	anger	offload
offload	anticipation	offload
offload	disgust	offload
offload	fear	offload
offload	joy	offload
offload	negative	offload
offload	positive	offload
offload	sadness	offload
offload	surprise	offload
offload	trust	offload
insecure	anger	insecure
insecure	anticipation	insecure
insecure	disgust	insecure
insecure	fear	insecure
insecure	joy	insecure
insecure	negative	insecure
insecure	positive	insecure
insecure	sadness	insecure
insecure	surprise	insecure
insecure	trust	insecure
convincing	anger	convenciendo
convincing	anticipation	convenciendo
convincing	disgust	convenciendo
convincing	fear	convenciendo
convincing	joy	convenciendo
convincing	negative	convenciendo
convincing	positive	convenciendo
convincing	sadness	convenciendo
convincing	surprise	convenciendo
convincing	trust	convenciendo
usurp	anger	usurpa
usurp	anticipation	usurpar
usurp	disgust	usurpar
usurp	fear	usurpar
usurp	joy	usurpar
usurp	negative	usurpar
usurp	positive	usurpar
usurp	sadness	usurpar
usurp	surprise	usurpar
usurp	trust	usurpar
ken	anger	conocimiento
ken	anticipation	de conocimiento
ken	disgust	de conocimiento
ken	fear	de conocimiento
ken	joy	conocimiento
ken	negative	de conocimiento
ken	positive	de conocimiento
ken	sadness	de conocimiento
ken	surprise	conocimiento
ken	trust	de conocimiento
priceless	anger	inapreciable
priceless	anticipation	inapreciable
priceless	disgust	inapreciable
priceless	fear	inapreciable
priceless	joy	inapreciable
priceless	negative	inapreciable
priceless	positive	inapreciable
priceless	sadness	inapreciable
priceless	surprise	inapreciable
priceless	trust	inapreciable
animated	anger	animado
animated	anticipation	animado
animated	disgust	animado
animated	fear	animado
animated	joy	animado
animated	negative	animado
animated	positive	animado
animated	sadness	animado
animated	surprise	animado
animated	trust	animado
unpublished	anger	inédito
unpublished	anticipation	inédito
unpublished	disgust	inédito
unpublished	fear	inédito
unpublished	joy	inédito
unpublished	negative	inédito
unpublished	positive	inédito
unpublished	sadness	inédito
unpublished	surprise	inédito
unpublished	trust	inédito
burnt	anger	quemó
burnt	anticipation	quemado
burnt	disgust	quemó
burnt	fear	quemado
burnt	joy	quemó
burnt	negative	quemado
burnt	positive	quemó
burnt	sadness	quemado
burnt	surprise	quemó
burnt	trust	quemado
fitting	anger	cabiendo
fitting	anticipation	cabiendo
fitting	disgust	cabiendo
fitting	fear	cabiendo
fitting	joy	cabiendo
fitting	negative	cabiendo
fitting	positive	cabiendo
fitting	sadness	cabiendo
fitting	surprise	cabiendo
fitting	trust	cabiendo
element	anger	elemento
element	anticipation	de elemento
element	disgust	de elemento
element	fear	de elemento
element	joy	elemento
element	negative	de elemento
element	positive	de elemento
element	sadness	de elemento
element	surprise	elemento
element	trust	de elemento
fornication	anger	fornication
fornication	anticipation	fornication
fornication	disgust	fornication
fornication	fear	fornication
fornication	joy	fornication
fornication	negative	fornication
fornication	positive	fornication
fornication	sadness	fornication
fornication	surprise	fornication
fornication	trust	fornication
buddy	anger	buddy
buddy	anticipation	buddy
buddy	disgust	buddy
buddy	fear	buddy
buddy	joy	buddy
buddy	negative	buddy
buddy	positive	buddy
buddy	sadness	buddy
buddy	surprise	buddy
buddy	trust	buddy
limitless	anger	limitless
limitless	anticipation	limitless
limitless	disgust	limitless
limitless	fear	limitless
limitless	joy	limitless
limitless	negative	limitless
limitless	positive	limitless
limitless	sadness	limitless
limitless	surprise	limitless
limitless	trust	limitless
bottle	anger	botella
bottle	anticipation	de botella
bottle	disgust	de botella
bottle	fear	de botella
bottle	joy	botella
bottle	negative	de botella
bottle	positive	de botella
bottle	sadness	de botella
bottle	surprise	maldición
bottle	trust	de maldición
curse	anger	de botella
curse	anticipation	de botella
curse	disgust	maldición
curse	fear	de maldición
curse	joy	de maldición
curse	negative	de maldición
curse	positive	maldición
curse	sadness	de maldición
curse	surprise	de maldición
curse	trust	de maldición
responsive	anger	responsive
responsive	anticipation	responsive
responsive	disgust	responsive
responsive	fear	responsive
responsive	joy	responsive
responsive	negative	responsive
responsive	positive	responsive
responsive	sadness	responsive
responsive	surprise	responsive
responsive	trust	responsive
renaissance	anger	renacimiento
renaissance	anticipation	de renacimiento
renaissance	disgust	de renacimiento
renaissance	fear	de renacimiento
renaissance	joy	renacimiento
renaissance	negative	de renacimiento
renaissance	positive	de renacimiento
renaissance	sadness	de renacimiento
renaissance	surprise	lata
renaissance	trust	de lata
tin	anger	de renacimiento
tin	anticipation	de renacimiento
tin	disgust	lata
tin	fear	de lata
tin	joy	de lata
tin	negative	de lata
tin	positive	lata
tin	sadness	de lata
tin	surprise	de lata
tin	trust	de lata
separation	anger	separación
separation	anticipation	de separación
separation	disgust	de separación
separation	fear	de separación
separation	joy	separación
separation	negative	de separación
separation	positive	de separación
separation	sadness	de separación
separation	surprise	separación
separation	trust	de separación
faro	anger	faro
faro	anticipation	faro
faro	disgust	faro
faro	fear	faro
faro	joy	faro
faro	negative	faro
faro	positive	faro
faro	sadness	faro
faro	surprise	faro
faro	trust	faro
ablation	anger	ablación
ablation	anticipation	de ablación
ablation	disgust	de ablación
ablation	fear	de ablación
ablation	joy	ablación
ablation	negative	de ablación
ablation	positive	de ablación
ablation	sadness	de ablación
ablation	surprise	alerta
ablation	trust	de alerta
alert	anger	de ablación
alert	anticipation	de ablación
alert	disgust	alerta
alert	fear	de alerta
alert	joy	de alerta
alert	negative	de alerta
alert	positive	alerta
alert	sadness	de alerta
alert	surprise	de alerta
alert	trust	de alerta
lust	anger	lujuria
lust	anticipation	de lujuria
lust	disgust	de lujuria
lust	fear	de lujuria
lust	joy	lujuria
lust	negative	de lujuria
lust	positive	de lujuria
lust	sadness	de lujuria
lust	surprise	lujuria
lust	trust	de lujuria
synergy	anger	synergy
synergy	anticipation	synergy
synergy	disgust	synergy
synergy	fear	synergy
synergy	joy	synergy
synergy	negative	synergy
synergy	positive	synergy
synergy	sadness	synergy
synergy	surprise	synergy
synergy	trust	synergy
unneeded	anger	unneeded
unneeded	anticipation	unneeded
unneeded	disgust	unneeded
unneeded	fear	unneeded
unneeded	joy	unneeded
unneeded	negative	unneeded
unneeded	positive	unneeded
unneeded	sadness	unneeded
unneeded	surprise	unneeded
unneeded	trust	unneeded
pottery	anger	cerámica
pottery	anticipation	de cerámica
pottery	disgust	de cerámica
pottery	fear	de cerámica
pottery	joy	cerámica
pottery	negative	de cerámica
pottery	positive	de cerámica
pottery	sadness	de cerámica
pottery	surprise	cerámica
pottery	trust	de cerámica
deceptive	anger	engañosa
deceptive	anticipation	engañoso
deceptive	disgust	engañoso
deceptive	fear	engañoso
deceptive	joy	engañoso
deceptive	negative	engañoso
deceptive	positive	engañoso
deceptive	sadness	hotel
deceptive	surprise	de hotel
deceptive	trust	engañoso
hotel	anger	engañoso
hotel	anticipation	engañoso
hotel	disgust	hotel
hotel	fear	de hotel
hotel	joy	de hotel
hotel	negative	de hotel
hotel	positive	hotel
hotel	sadness	de hotel
hotel	surprise	de hotel
hotel	trust	de hotel
strapping	anger	emplaste
strapping	anticipation	de emplaste
strapping	disgust	de emplaste
strapping	fear	de emplaste
strapping	joy	emplaste
strapping	negative	de emplaste
strapping	positive	de emplaste
strapping	sadness	de emplaste
strapping	surprise	metro
strapping	trust	de metro
meter	anger	de emplaste
meter	anticipation	de emplaste
meter	disgust	metro
meter	fear	de metro
meter	joy	de metro
meter	negative	de metro
meter	positive	metro
meter	sadness	de metro
meter	surprise	de metro
meter	trust	de metro
dabbling	anger	dabbling
dabbling	anticipation	dabbling
dabbling	disgust	dabbling
dabbling	fear	dabbling
dabbling	joy	dabbling
dabbling	negative	dabbling
dabbling	positive	dabbling
dabbling	sadness	dabbling
dabbling	surprise	dabbling
dabbling	trust	dabbling
covenant	anger	covenant
covenant	anticipation	covenant
covenant	disgust	covenant
covenant	fear	covenant
covenant	joy	covenant
covenant	negative	covenant
covenant	positive	covenant
covenant	sadness	covenant
covenant	surprise	covenant
covenant	trust	covenant
slash	anger	cuchillada
slash	anticipation	de cuchillada
slash	disgust	de cuchillada
slash	fear	de cuchillada
slash	joy	cuchillada
slash	negative	de cuchillada
slash	positive	de cuchillada
slash	sadness	de cuchillada
slash	surprise	cuchillada
slash	trust	de cuchillada
ribbed	anger	ribbed
ribbed	anticipation	ribbed
ribbed	disgust	ribbed
ribbed	fear	ribbed
ribbed	joy	ribbed
ribbed	negative	ribbed
ribbed	positive	ribbed
ribbed	sadness	ribbed
ribbed	surprise	ribbed
ribbed	trust	ribbed
deflation	anger	deflación
deflation	anticipation	de deflación
deflation	disgust	de deflación
deflation	fear	de deflación
deflation	joy	deflación
deflation	negative	de deflación
deflation	positive	de deflación
deflation	sadness	de deflación
deflation	surprise	deflación
deflation	trust	de deflación
parry	anger	parry
parry	anticipation	parry
parry	disgust	parry
parry	fear	parry
parry	joy	parry
parry	negative	parry
parry	positive	parry
parry	sadness	parry
parry	surprise	parry
parry	trust	parry
summit	anger	cumbre
summit	anticipation	de cumbre
summit	disgust	de cumbre
summit	fear	de cumbre
summit	joy	cumbre
summit	negative	de cumbre
summit	positive	de cumbre
summit	sadness	de cumbre
summit	surprise	afueras
summit	trust	de afueras
outskirts	anger	de cumbre
outskirts	anticipation	de cumbre
outskirts	disgust	afueras
outskirts	fear	de afueras
outskirts	joy	de afueras
outskirts	negative	de afueras
outskirts	positive	afueras
outskirts	sadness	de afueras
outskirts	surprise	de afueras
outskirts	trust	de afueras
meditative	anger	meditative
meditative	anticipation	meditative
meditative	disgust	meditative
meditative	fear	meditative
meditative	joy	meditative
meditative	negative	meditative
meditative	positive	meditative
meditative	sadness	meditative
meditative	surprise	meditative
meditative	trust	meditative
curable	anger	curable
curable	anticipation	curable
curable	disgust	curable
curable	fear	curable
curable	joy	curable
curable	negative	curable
curable	positive	curable
curable	sadness	curable
curable	surprise	curable
curable	trust	curable
quell	anger	quell
quell	anticipation	quell
quell	disgust	quell
quell	fear	quell
quell	joy	quell
quell	negative	quell
quell	positive	quell
quell	sadness	quell
quell	surprise	quell
quell	trust	quell
anguish	anger	angustia
anguish	anticipation	de angustia
anguish	disgust	de angustia
anguish	fear	de angustia
anguish	joy	angustia
anguish	negative	de angustia
anguish	positive	de angustia
anguish	sadness	de angustia
anguish	surprise	angustia
anguish	trust	de angustia
aimless	anger	aimless
aimless	anticipation	aimless
aimless	disgust	aimless
aimless	fear	aimless
aimless	joy	aimless
aimless	negative	aimless
aimless	positive	aimless
aimless	sadness	aimless
aimless	surprise	aimless
aimless	trust	aimless
frown	anger	arrugar la frente
frown	anticipation	arrugar la frente
frown	disgust	arrugar la frente
frown	fear	arrugar la frente
frown	joy	arrugar la frente
frown	negative	arrugar la frente
frown	positive	arrugar la frente
frown	sadness	arrugar la frente
frown	surprise	arrugar la frente
frown	trust	arrugar la frente
containment	anger	contención
containment	anticipation	de contención
containment	disgust	de contención
containment	fear	de contención
containment	joy	contención
containment	negative	de contención
containment	positive	de contención
containment	sadness	de contención
containment	surprise	infelicidad
containment	trust	de infelicidad
unhappiness	anger	de contención
unhappiness	anticipation	de contención
unhappiness	disgust	infelicidad
unhappiness	fear	de infelicidad
unhappiness	joy	de infelicidad
unhappiness	negative	de infelicidad
unhappiness	positive	infelicidad
unhappiness	sadness	de infelicidad
unhappiness	surprise	de infelicidad
unhappiness	trust	de infelicidad
sentence	anger	frase
sentence	anticipation	de frase
sentence	disgust	de frase
sentence	fear	de frase
sentence	joy	frase
sentence	negative	de frase
sentence	positive	de frase
sentence	sadness	de frase
sentence	surprise	frase
sentence	trust	de frase
ordained	anger	ordained
ordained	anticipation	ordained
ordained	disgust	ordained
ordained	fear	ordained
ordained	joy	ordained
ordained	negative	ordained
ordained	positive	ordained
ordained	sadness	ordained
ordained	surprise	ordained
ordained	trust	ordained
prostitution	anger	prostitución
prostitution	anticipation	de prostitución
prostitution	disgust	de prostitución
prostitution	fear	de prostitución
prostitution	joy	prostitución
prostitution	negative	de prostitución
prostitution	positive	de prostitución
prostitution	sadness	de prostitución
prostitution	surprise	prostitución
prostitution	trust	de prostitución que
declining	anger	declina
declining	anticipation	decreciente
declining	disgust	decreciente
declining	fear	decreciente
declining	joy	decreciente
declining	negative	decreciente
declining	positive	decreciente
declining	sadness	decreciente
declining	surprise	decreciente
declining	trust	decreciente
teasing	anger	teasing
teasing	anticipation	teasing
teasing	disgust	teasing
teasing	fear	teasing
teasing	joy	teasing
teasing	negative	teasing
teasing	positive	teasing
teasing	sadness	teasing
teasing	surprise	teasing
teasing	trust	teasing
choral	anger	coral
choral	anticipation	coral
choral	disgust	coral
choral	fear	coral
choral	joy	coral
choral	negative	coral
choral	positive	coral
choral	sadness	coral
choral	surprise	coral
choral	trust	coral
rid	anger	libra
rid	anticipation	librado
rid	disgust	libra
rid	fear	librado
rid	joy	libra
rid	negative	librado
rid	positive	libra
rid	sadness	librado
rid	surprise	libra
rid	trust	librado
desperate	anger	desesperado
desperate	anticipation	desesperado
desperate	disgust	desesperado
desperate	fear	desesperado
desperate	joy	desesperado
desperate	negative	desesperado
desperate	positive	desesperado
desperate	sadness	desesperado
desperate	surprise	desesperado
desperate	trust	desesperado
pushing	anger	empujando
pushing	anticipation	empujando
pushing	disgust	empujando
pushing	fear	empujando
pushing	joy	empujando
pushing	negative	empujando
pushing	positive	empujando
pushing	sadness	empujando
pushing	surprise	empujando
pushing	trust	empujando
ancestry	anger	ascendencia
ancestry	anticipation	de ascendencia
ancestry	disgust	de ascendencia
ancestry	fear	de ascendencia
ancestry	joy	ascendencia
ancestry	negative	de ascendencia
ancestry	positive	de ascendencia
ancestry	sadness	de ascendencia
ancestry	surprise	garganta
ancestry	trust	de garganta
throat	anger	de ascendencia
throat	anticipation	de ascendencia
throat	disgust	garganta
throat	fear	de garganta
throat	joy	de garganta
throat	negative	de garganta
throat	positive	garganta
throat	sadness	de garganta
throat	surprise	de garganta
throat	trust	de garganta
tailed	anger	tailed
tailed	anticipation	tailed
tailed	disgust	tailed
tailed	fear	tailed
tailed	joy	tailed
tailed	negative	tailed
tailed	positive	tailed
tailed	sadness	tailed
tailed	surprise	tailed
tailed	trust	tailed
graphics	anger	gráficos
graphics	anticipation	de gráficos
graphics	disgust	de gráficos
graphics	fear	de gráficos
graphics	joy	gráficos
graphics	negative	de gráficos
graphics	positive	de gráficos
graphics	sadness	de gráficos
graphics	surprise	gráficos
graphics	trust	de gráficos
silliness	anger	silliness
silliness	anticipation	silliness
silliness	disgust	silliness
silliness	fear	silliness
silliness	joy	silliness
silliness	negative	silliness
silliness	positive	silliness
silliness	sadness	silliness
silliness	surprise	silliness
silliness	trust	silliness
battled	anger	batalló
battled	anticipation	batallado
battled	disgust	batalló
battled	fear	batallado
battled	joy	batalló
battled	negative	batallado
battled	positive	batalló
battled	sadness	batallado
battled	surprise	batalló
battled	trust	guerrero
warrior	anger	de guerrero
warrior	anticipation	de guerrero
warrior	disgust	batallado
warrior	fear	guerrero
warrior	joy	de guerrero
warrior	negative	de guerrero
warrior	positive	de guerrero
warrior	sadness	guerrero
warrior	surprise	de guerrero
warrior	trust	del guerrero
vert	anger	vert
vert	anticipation	vert
vert	disgust	vert
vert	fear	vert
vert	joy	vert
vert	negative	vert
vert	positive	vert
vert	sadness	vert
vert	surprise	vert
vert	trust	vert
continue	anger	continuar
continue	anticipation	continuar
continue	disgust	continuar
continue	fear	continuar
continue	joy	continuar
continue	negative	continuar
continue	positive	continuar
continue	sadness	continuar
continue	surprise	continuar
continue	trust	continuar
lined	anger	tachado
lined	anticipation	tachó
lined	disgust	tachado
lined	fear	tachó
lined	joy	tachó
lined	negative	tachado
lined	positive	tachó
lined	sadness	tachado
lined	surprise	tachó
lined	trust	tachado
trombone	anger	trombone
trombone	anticipation	trombone
trombone	disgust	trombone
trombone	fear	trombone
trombone	joy	trombone
trombone	negative	trombone
trombone	positive	trombone
trombone	sadness	trombone
trombone	surprise	trombone
trombone	trust	trombone
grant	anger	subvención
grant	anticipation	de subvención
grant	disgust	de subvención
grant	fear	de subvención
grant	joy	subvención
grant	negative	de subvención
grant	positive	de subvención
grant	sadness	de subvención
grant	surprise	recompra
grant	trust	de recompra
repurchase	anger	de subvención
repurchase	anticipation	de subvención
repurchase	disgust	recompra
repurchase	fear	de recompra
repurchase	joy	de recompra
repurchase	negative	de recompra
repurchase	positive	recompra
repurchase	sadness	de recompra
repurchase	surprise	de recompra
repurchase	trust	de recompra
vindicate	anger	vindicate
vindicate	anticipation	vindicate
vindicate	disgust	vindicate
vindicate	fear	vindicate
vindicate	joy	vindicate
vindicate	negative	vindicate
vindicate	positive	vindicate
vindicate	sadness	vindicate
vindicate	surprise	vindicate
vindicate	trust	vindicate
sufficiently	anger	suficientemente
sufficiently	anticipation	suficientemente
sufficiently	disgust	suficientemente
sufficiently	fear	suficientemente
sufficiently	joy	suficientemente
sufficiently	negative	suficientemente
sufficiently	positive	suficientemente
sufficiently	sadness	suficientemente
sufficiently	surprise	suficientemente
sufficiently	trust	suficientemente
devastate	anger	devastar
devastate	anticipation	devastar
devastate	disgust	devastar
devastate	fear	devastar
devastate	joy	devastar
devastate	negative	devastar
devastate	positive	devastar
devastate	sadness	devastar
devastate	surprise	devastar
devastate	trust	devastar
band	anger	banda
band	anticipation	de banda
band	disgust	de banda
band	fear	de banda
band	joy	banda
band	negative	de banda
band	positive	de banda
band	sadness	de banda
band	surprise	banda
band	trust	de banda
proximal	anger	proximal
proximal	anticipation	proximal
proximal	disgust	proximal
proximal	fear	proximal
proximal	joy	proximal
proximal	negative	proximal
proximal	positive	proximal
proximal	sadness	biblioteca
proximal	surprise	de biblioteca
proximal	trust	proximal
library	anger	proximal
library	anticipation	proximal
library	disgust	biblioteca
library	fear	de biblioteca
library	joy	de biblioteca
library	negative	de biblioteca
library	positive	biblioteca
library	sadness	de biblioteca
library	surprise	de biblioteca
library	trust	de biblioteca
adrift	anger	a la deriva
adrift	anticipation	a la deriva
adrift	disgust	a la deriva
adrift	fear	a la deriva
adrift	joy	a la deriva
adrift	negative	a la deriva
adrift	positive	a la deriva
adrift	sadness	a la deriva
adrift	surprise	a la deriva
adrift	trust	a la deriva
transitive	anger	transitive
transitive	anticipation	transitive
transitive	disgust	transitive
transitive	fear	transitive
transitive	joy	transitive
transitive	negative	transitive
transitive	positive	transitive
transitive	sadness	transitive
transitive	surprise	transitive
transitive	trust	transitive
isolate	anger	aislar
isolate	anticipation	aislar
isolate	disgust	aislar
isolate	fear	aislar
isolate	joy	aislar
isolate	negative	aislar
isolate	positive	aislar
isolate	sadness	aislar
isolate	surprise	aislar
isolate	trust	aislar
evacuate	anger	evacuar
evacuate	anticipation	evacuar
evacuate	disgust	evacuar
evacuate	fear	evacuar
evacuate	joy	evacuar
evacuate	negative	evacuar
evacuate	positive	evacuar
evacuate	sadness	evacuar
evacuate	surprise	evacuar
evacuate	trust	evacuar
dealings	anger	dealings
dealings	anticipation	dealings
dealings	disgust	dealings
dealings	fear	dealings
dealings	joy	dealings
dealings	negative	dealings
dealings	positive	dealings
dealings	sadness	dealings
dealings	surprise	dealings
dealings	trust	dealings
infinitely	anger	infinitamente
infinitely	anticipation	infinitamente
infinitely	disgust	infinitamente
infinitely	fear	infinitamente
infinitely	joy	infinitamente
infinitely	negative	infinitamente
infinitely	positive	infinitamente
infinitely	sadness	infinitamente
infinitely	surprise	infinitamente
infinitely	trust	infinitamente
expediency	anger	expediency
expediency	anticipation	expediency
expediency	disgust	expediency
expediency	fear	expediency
expediency	joy	expediency
expediency	negative	expediency
expediency	positive	expediency
expediency	sadness	expediency
expediency	surprise	expediency
expediency	trust	expediency
week	anger	semana
week	anticipation	de semana
week	disgust	de semana
week	fear	de semana
week	joy	semana
week	negative	de semana
week	positive	de semana
week	sadness	de semana
week	surprise	manzana
week	trust	de manzana
apple	anger	de semana
apple	anticipation	de semana
apple	disgust	manzana
apple	fear	de manzana
apple	joy	de manzana
apple	negative	de manzana
apple	positive	manzana
apple	sadness	de manzana
apple	surprise	de manzana
apple	trust	de manzana
unborn	anger	unborn
unborn	anticipation	unborn
unborn	disgust	unborn
unborn	fear	unborn
unborn	joy	unborn
unborn	negative	unborn
unborn	positive	unborn
unborn	sadness	unborn
unborn	surprise	unborn
unborn	trust	unborn
commerce	anger	comercio
commerce	anticipation	de comercio
commerce	disgust	de comercio
commerce	fear	de comercio
commerce	joy	comercio
commerce	negative	de comercio
commerce	positive	de comercio
commerce	sadness	de comercio
commerce	surprise	comercio
commerce	trust	de comercio
thoroughbred	anger	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	anticipation	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	disgust	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	fear	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	joy	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	negative	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	positive	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	sadness	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	surprise	thoroughbred
thoroughbred	trust	thoroughbred
charm	anger	encanto
charm	anticipation	de encanto
charm	disgust	de encanto
charm	fear	de encanto
charm	joy	encanto
charm	negative	de encanto
charm	positive	de encanto
charm	sadness	de encanto
charm	surprise	imputabilidad
charm	trust	de imputabilidad
accountability	anger	de encanto
accountability	anticipation	de encanto
accountability	disgust	imputabilidad
accountability	fear	de imputabilidad
accountability	joy	de imputabilidad
accountability	negative	de imputabilidad
accountability	positive	imputabilidad
accountability	sadness	de imputabilidad
accountability	surprise	de imputabilidad
accountability	trust	de imputabilidad
retrospective	anger	retrospectiva
retrospective	anticipation	retrospectivo
retrospective	disgust	retrospectivo
retrospective	fear	retrospectivo
retrospective	joy	retrospectivo
retrospective	negative	retrospectivo
retrospective	positive	retrospectivo
retrospective	sadness	retrospectivo
retrospective	surprise	retrospectivo
retrospective	trust	retrospectivo
unreliable	anger	unreliable
unreliable	anticipation	unreliable
unreliable	disgust	unreliable
unreliable	fear	unreliable
unreliable	joy	unreliable
unreliable	negative	unreliable
unreliable	positive	unreliable
unreliable	sadness	unreliable
unreliable	surprise	unreliable
unreliable	trust	unreliable
delinquency	anger	delincuencia
delinquency	anticipation	de delincuencia
delinquency	disgust	de delincuencia
delinquency	fear	de delincuencia
delinquency	joy	delincuencia
delinquency	negative	de delincuencia
delinquency	positive	de delincuencia
delinquency	sadness	de delincuencia
delinquency	surprise	delincuencia
delinquency	trust	de delincuencia
paradox	anger	paradox
paradox	anticipation	paradox
paradox	disgust	paradox
paradox	fear	paradox
paradox	joy	paradox
paradox	negative	paradox
paradox	positive	paradox
paradox	sadness	paradox
paradox	surprise	paradox
paradox	trust	paradox
curtain	anger	cortina
curtain	anticipation	de cortina
curtain	disgust	de cortina
curtain	fear	de cortina
curtain	joy	cortina
curtain	negative	de cortina
curtain	positive	de cortina
curtain	sadness	de cortina
curtain	surprise	cortina
curtain	trust	de cortina
divested	anger	divested
divested	anticipation	divested
divested	disgust	divested
divested	fear	divested
divested	joy	divested
divested	negative	divested
divested	positive	divested
divested	sadness	divested
divested	surprise	divested
divested	trust	divested
caribou	anger	caribou
caribou	anticipation	caribou
caribou	disgust	caribou
caribou	fear	caribou
caribou	joy	caribou
caribou	negative	caribou
caribou	positive	caribou
caribou	sadness	caribou
caribou	surprise	caribou
caribou	trust	caribou
chutney	anger	chutney
chutney	anticipation	chutney
chutney	disgust	chutney
chutney	fear	chutney
chutney	joy	chutney
chutney	negative	chutney
chutney	positive	chutney
chutney	sadness	chutney
chutney	surprise	chutney
chutney	trust	chutney
achievement	anger	consecución
achievement	anticipation	de consecución
achievement	disgust	de consecución
achievement	fear	de consecución
achievement	joy	consecución
achievement	negative	de consecución
achievement	positive	de consecución
achievement	sadness	de consecución
achievement	surprise	lámpara
achievement	trust	de lámpara
lamp	anger	de consecución
lamp	anticipation	de consecución
lamp	disgust	lámpara
lamp	fear	de lámpara
lamp	joy	de lámpara
lamp	negative	de lámpara
lamp	positive	lámpara
lamp	sadness	de lámpara
lamp	surprise	de lámpara
lamp	trust	de lámpara
malign	anger	malign
malign	anticipation	malign
malign	disgust	malign
malign	fear	malign
malign	joy	malign
malign	negative	malign
malign	positive	malign
malign	sadness	malign
malign	surprise	malign
malign	trust	malign
enlightenment	anger	ilustración
enlightenment	anticipation	de ilustración
enlightenment	disgust	de ilustración
enlightenment	fear	de ilustración
enlightenment	joy	ilustración
enlightenment	negative	de ilustración
enlightenment	positive	de ilustración
enlightenment	sadness	de ilustración
enlightenment	surprise	aroma
enlightenment	trust	de aroma
aroma	anger	de ilustración
aroma	anticipation	de ilustración
aroma	disgust	aroma
aroma	fear	de aroma
aroma	joy	de aroma
aroma	negative	de aroma
aroma	positive	aroma
aroma	sadness	de aroma
aroma	surprise	de aroma
aroma	trust	de aroma
engrossed	anger	engrossed
engrossed	anticipation	engrossed
engrossed	disgust	engrossed
engrossed	fear	engrossed
engrossed	joy	engrossed
engrossed	negative	engrossed
engrossed	positive	engrossed
engrossed	sadness	engrossed
engrossed	surprise	engrossed
engrossed	trust	engrossed
mindful	anger	mindful
mindful	anticipation	mindful
mindful	disgust	mindful
mindful	fear	mindful
mindful	joy	mindful
mindful	negative	mindful
mindful	positive	mindful
mindful	sadness	mindful
mindful	surprise	mindful
mindful	trust	mindful
livery	anger	livery
livery	anticipation	livery
livery	disgust	livery
livery	fear	livery
livery	joy	livery
livery	negative	livery
livery	positive	livery
livery	sadness	livery
livery	surprise	livery
livery	trust	livery
trance	anger	trance
trance	anticipation	trance
trance	disgust	trance
trance	fear	trance
trance	joy	trance
trance	negative	trance
trance	positive	trance
trance	sadness	trance
trance	surprise	trance
trance	trust	trance
fandango	anger	fandango
fandango	anticipation	fandango
fandango	disgust	fandango
fandango	fear	fandango
fandango	joy	fandango
fandango	negative	fandango
fandango	positive	fandango
fandango	sadness	fandango
fandango	surprise	fandango
fandango	trust	fandango
unforgiving	anger	unforgiving
unforgiving	anticipation	unforgiving
unforgiving	disgust	unforgiving
unforgiving	fear	unforgiving
unforgiving	joy	unforgiving
unforgiving	negative	unforgiving
unforgiving	positive	unforgiving
unforgiving	sadness	unforgiving
unforgiving	surprise	unforgiving
unforgiving	trust	unforgiving
intermission	anger	entreacto
intermission	anticipation	de entreacto
intermission	disgust	de entreacto
intermission	fear	de entreacto
intermission	joy	entreacto
intermission	negative	de entreacto
intermission	positive	de entreacto
intermission	sadness	de entreacto
intermission	surprise	confianza
intermission	trust	de confianza
confidence	anger	de entreacto
confidence	anticipation	de entreacto
confidence	disgust	confianza
confidence	fear	de confianza
confidence	joy	de confianza
confidence	negative	de confianza
confidence	positive	confianza
confidence	sadness	de confianza
confidence	surprise	de confianza
confidence	trust	de confianza
whatsoever	anger	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	anticipation	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	disgust	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	fear	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	joy	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	negative	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	positive	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	sadness	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	surprise	cualquier cosa
whatsoever	trust	cualquier cosa
logarithm	anger	logarithm
logarithm	anticipation	logarithm
logarithm	disgust	logarithm
logarithm	fear	logarithm
logarithm	joy	logarithm
logarithm	negative	logarithm
logarithm	positive	logarithm
logarithm	sadness	logarithm
logarithm	surprise	logarithm
logarithm	trust	logarithm
box	anger	caja
box	anticipation	de caja
box	disgust	de caja
box	fear	de caja
box	joy	caja
box	negative	de caja
box	positive	de caja
box	sadness	de caja
box	surprise	caja
box	trust	de caja que
soaking	anger	remoja
soaking	anticipation	remojando
soaking	disgust	remojando
soaking	fear	remojando
soaking	joy	remojando
soaking	negative	remojando
soaking	positive	remojando
soaking	sadness	remojando
soaking	surprise	remojando
soaking	trust	remojando
bourse	anger	bourse
bourse	anticipation	bourse
bourse	disgust	bourse
bourse	fear	bourse
bourse	joy	bourse
bourse	negative	bourse
bourse	positive	bourse
bourse	sadness	bourse
bourse	surprise	bourse
bourse	trust	bourse
tasty	anger	tasty
tasty	anticipation	tasty
tasty	disgust	tasty
tasty	fear	tasty
tasty	joy	tasty
tasty	negative	tasty
tasty	positive	tasty
tasty	sadness	tasty
tasty	surprise	tasty
tasty	trust	tasty
pine	anger	pino
pine	anticipation	de pino
pine	disgust	de pino
pine	fear	de pino
pine	joy	pino
pine	negative	de pino
pine	positive	de pino
pine	sadness	de pino
pine	surprise	pino
pine	trust	de pino
shiny	anger	reluciente
shiny	anticipation	reluciente
shiny	disgust	reluciente
shiny	fear	reluciente
shiny	joy	reluciente
shiny	negative	reluciente
shiny	positive	reluciente
shiny	sadness	cacerola
shiny	surprise	de cacerola
shiny	trust	reluciente
pan	anger	reluciente
pan	anticipation	reluciente
pan	disgust	cacerola
pan	fear	de cacerola
pan	joy	de cacerola
pan	negative	de cacerola
pan	positive	cacerola
pan	sadness	de cacerola
pan	surprise	de cacerola
pan	trust	de cacerola que
annoying	anger	molesta
annoying	anticipation	molesto
annoying	disgust	molesto
annoying	fear	molesto
annoying	joy	molesto
annoying	negative	molesto
annoying	positive	molesto
annoying	sadness	presidente
annoying	surprise	de presidente
annoying	trust	molesto
chairperson	anger	molesto
chairperson	anticipation	molesto
chairperson	disgust	presidente
chairperson	fear	de presidente
chairperson	joy	de presidente
chairperson	negative	de presidente
chairperson	positive	presidente
chairperson	sadness	de presidente
chairperson	surprise	de presidente
chairperson	trust	de presidente
opacity	anger	opacidad
opacity	anticipation	de opacidad
opacity	disgust	de opacidad
opacity	fear	de opacidad
opacity	joy	opacidad
opacity	negative	de opacidad
opacity	positive	de opacidad
opacity	sadness	de opacidad
opacity	surprise	opacidad
opacity	trust	de opacidad
squelch	anger	squelch
squelch	anticipation	squelch
squelch	disgust	squelch
squelch	fear	squelch
squelch	joy	squelch
squelch	negative	squelch
squelch	positive	squelch
squelch	sadness	squelch
squelch	surprise	squelch
squelch	trust	squelch
con	anger	con
con	anticipation	con
con	disgust	con
con	fear	con
con	joy	con
con	negative	con
con	positive	con
con	sadness	con
con	surprise	con
con	trust	con
alien	anger	alienígena
alien	anticipation	de alienígena
alien	disgust	de alienígena
alien	fear	de alienígena
alien	joy	alienígena
alien	negative	de alienígena
alien	positive	de alienígena
alien	sadness	de alienígena
alien	surprise	alienígena
alien	trust	de alienígena
voodoo	anger	voodoo
voodoo	anticipation	voodoo
voodoo	disgust	voodoo
voodoo	fear	voodoo
voodoo	joy	voodoo
voodoo	negative	voodoo
voodoo	positive	voodoo
voodoo	sadness	voodoo
voodoo	surprise	voodoo
voodoo	trust	voodoo
gonorrhea	anger	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	anticipation	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	disgust	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	fear	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	joy	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	negative	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	positive	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	sadness	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	surprise	gonorrhea
gonorrhea	trust	gonorrhea
worthless	anger	worthless
worthless	anticipation	worthless
worthless	disgust	worthless
worthless	fear	worthless
worthless	joy	worthless
worthless	negative	worthless
worthless	positive	worthless
worthless	sadness	worthless
worthless	surprise	worthless
worthless	trust	worthless
wicked	anger	malvado
wicked	anticipation	malvado
wicked	disgust	malvado
wicked	fear	malvado
wicked	joy	malvado
wicked	negative	malvado
wicked	positive	malvado
wicked	sadness	diamantes
wicked	surprise	de diamantes
wicked	trust	malvados
diamonds	anger	malvados
diamonds	anticipation	malvados
diamonds	disgust	diamantes
diamonds	fear	de diamantes
diamonds	joy	de diamantes
diamonds	negative	de diamantes
diamonds	positive	diamantes
diamonds	sadness	de diamantes
diamonds	surprise	de diamantes
diamonds	trust	de diamantes
superimposed	anger	superpusieron
superimposed	anticipation	superpuestos
superimposed	disgust	superpuso
superimposed	fear	superpuesto
superimposed	joy	superpuso
superimposed	negative	superpuesto
superimposed	positive	superpuso
superimposed	sadness	superpuesto
superimposed	surprise	superpuso
superimposed	trust	superpuesto
savory	anger	savory
savory	anticipation	savory
savory	disgust	savory
savory	fear	savory
savory	joy	savory
savory	negative	savory
savory	positive	savory
savory	sadness	savory
savory	surprise	savory
savory	trust	savory
cinematography	anger	cinematography
cinematography	anticipation	cinematography
cinematography	disgust	cinematography
cinematography	fear	cinematography
cinematography	joy	cinematography
cinematography	negative	cinematography
cinematography	positive	cinematography
cinematography	sadness	cinematography
cinematography	surprise	cinematography
cinematography	trust	cinematography
distant	anger	distante
distant	anticipation	distante
distant	disgust	distante
distant	fear	distante
distant	joy	distante
distant	negative	distante
distant	positive	distante
distant	sadness	distante
distant	surprise	distante
distant	trust	distante
veranda	anger	veranda
veranda	anticipation	veranda
veranda	disgust	veranda
veranda	fear	veranda
veranda	joy	veranda
veranda	negative	veranda
veranda	positive	veranda
veranda	sadness	veranda
veranda	surprise	veranda
veranda	trust	veranda
truncate	anger	truncar
truncate	anticipation	truncar
truncate	disgust	truncar
truncate	fear	truncar
truncate	joy	truncar
truncate	negative	truncar
truncate	positive	truncar
truncate	sadness	truncar
truncate	surprise	truncar
truncate	trust	truncar
sympathy	anger	compasión
sympathy	anticipation	de compasión
sympathy	disgust	de compasión
sympathy	fear	de compasión
sympathy	joy	compasión
sympathy	negative	de compasión
sympathy	positive	de compasión
sympathy	sadness	de compasión
sympathy	surprise	compasión
sympathy	trust	de compasión
sundown	anger	sundown
sundown	anticipation	sundown
sundown	disgust	sundown
sundown	fear	sundown
sundown	joy	sundown
sundown	negative	sundown
sundown	positive	sundown
sundown	sadness	sundown
sundown	surprise	sundown
sundown	trust	sundown
pigment	anger	pigmento
pigment	anticipation	de pigmento
pigment	disgust	de pigmento
pigment	fear	de pigmento
pigment	joy	pigmento
pigment	negative	de pigmento
pigment	positive	de pigmento
pigment	sadness	de pigmento
pigment	surprise	pigmento
pigment	trust	de pigmento
boreal	anger	boreal
boreal	anticipation	boreal
boreal	disgust	boreal
boreal	fear	boreal
boreal	joy	boreal
boreal	negative	boreal
boreal	positive	boreal
boreal	sadness	boreal
boreal	surprise	boreal
boreal	trust	boreal
charge	anger	cargo
charge	anticipation	de cargo
charge	disgust	de cargo
charge	fear	de cargo
charge	joy	cargo
charge	negative	de cargo
charge	positive	de cargo
charge	sadness	de cargo
charge	surprise	cargo
charge	trust	de cargo
suspended	anger	suspendió
suspended	anticipation	suspendido
suspended	disgust	suspendió
suspended	fear	suspendido
suspended	joy	suspendió
suspended	negative	suspendido
suspended	positive	suspendió
suspended	sadness	suspendido
suspended	surprise	suspendió
suspended	trust	incursión
sortie	anger	de incursión
sortie	anticipation	de incursión
sortie	disgust	suspendida
sortie	fear	incursión
sortie	joy	de incursión
sortie	negative	de incursión
sortie	positive	de incursión
sortie	sadness	incursión
sortie	surprise	de incursión
sortie	trust	de la incursión
rusty	anger	rusty
rusty	anticipation	rusty
rusty	disgust	rusty
rusty	fear	rusty
rusty	joy	rusty
rusty	negative	rusty
rusty	positive	rusty
rusty	sadness	rusty
rusty	surprise	rusty
rusty	trust	rusty
reverting	anger	reverting
reverting	anticipation	reverting
reverting	disgust	reverting
reverting	fear	reverting
reverting	joy	reverting
reverting	negative	reverting
reverting	positive	reverting
reverting	sadness	reverting
reverting	surprise	reverting
reverting	trust	reverting
streaked	anger	streaked
streaked	anticipation	streaked
streaked	disgust	streaked
streaked	fear	streaked
streaked	joy	streaked
streaked	negative	streaked
streaked	positive	streaked
streaked	sadness	streaked
streaked	surprise	streaked
streaked	trust	streaked
raffle	anger	raffle
raffle	anticipation	raffle
raffle	disgust	raffle
raffle	fear	raffle
raffle	joy	raffle
raffle	negative	raffle
raffle	positive	raffle
raffle	sadness	raffle
raffle	surprise	raffle
raffle	trust	raffle
sundial	anger	sundial
sundial	anticipation	sundial
sundial	disgust	sundial
sundial	fear	sundial
sundial	joy	sundial
sundial	negative	sundial
sundial	positive	sundial
sundial	sadness	sundial
sundial	surprise	sundial
sundial	trust	sundial
thrust	anger	empujado
thrust	anticipation	empuja
thrust	disgust	empujado
thrust	fear	empuja
thrust	joy	empujado
thrust	negative	empuja
thrust	positive	empujado
thrust	sadness	empuja
thrust	surprise	empujado
thrust	trust	empuja
heading	anger	encabezar
heading	anticipation	encabezando
heading	disgust	encabezando
heading	fear	encabezando
heading	joy	encabezando
heading	negative	encabezando
heading	positive	encabezando
heading	sadness	encabezando
heading	surprise	encabezando
heading	trust	encabezando
err	anger	err
err	anticipation	err
err	disgust	err
err	fear	err
err	joy	err
err	negative	err
err	positive	err
err	sadness	err
err	surprise	err
err	trust	err
paprika	anger	paprika
paprika	anticipation	paprika
paprika	disgust	paprika
paprika	fear	paprika
paprika	joy	paprika
paprika	negative	paprika
paprika	positive	paprika
paprika	sadness	paprika
paprika	surprise	paprika
paprika	trust	paprika
inferior	anger	inferior
inferior	anticipation	inferior
inferior	disgust	inferior
inferior	fear	inferior
inferior	joy	inferior
inferior	negative	inferior
inferior	positive	inferior
inferior	sadness	facilidad
inferior	surprise	de facilidad
inferior	trust	inferior
facility	anger	inferior
facility	anticipation	inferior
facility	disgust	facilidad
facility	fear	de facilidad
facility	joy	de facilidad
facility	negative	de facilidad
facility	positive	facilidad
facility	sadness	de facilidad
facility	surprise	de facilidad
facility	trust	de facilidad
unprecedented	anger	sin precedentes
unprecedented	anticipation	sin precedentes
unprecedented	disgust	sin precedentes
unprecedented	fear	sin precedentes
unprecedented	joy	sin precedentes
unprecedented	negative	sin precedentes
unprecedented	positive	sin precedentes
unprecedented	sadness	ballet
unprecedented	surprise	de ballet
unprecedented	trust	sin precedentes
ballet	anger	sin precedentes
ballet	anticipation	sin precedentes
ballet	disgust	ballet
ballet	fear	de ballet
ballet	joy	de ballet
ballet	negative	de ballet
ballet	positive	ballet
ballet	sadness	de ballet
ballet	surprise	de ballet
ballet	trust	de ballet
march	anger	marcha
march	anticipation	de marcha
march	disgust	de marcha
march	fear	de marcha
march	joy	marcha
march	negative	de marcha
march	positive	de marcha
march	sadness	de marcha
march	surprise	marcha
march	trust	de marcha
uncorrelated	anger	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	anticipation	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	disgust	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	fear	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	joy	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	negative	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	positive	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	sadness	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	surprise	uncorrelated
uncorrelated	trust	uncorrelated
frostbite	anger	frostbite
frostbite	anticipation	frostbite
frostbite	disgust	frostbite
frostbite	fear	frostbite
frostbite	joy	frostbite
frostbite	negative	frostbite
frostbite	positive	frostbite
frostbite	sadness	frostbite
frostbite	surprise	frostbite
frostbite	trust	frostbite
abhorrent	anger	abhorrent
abhorrent	anticipation	abhorrent
abhorrent	disgust	abhorrent
abhorrent	fear	abhorrent
abhorrent	joy	abhorrent
abhorrent	negative	abhorrent
abhorrent	positive	abhorrent
abhorrent	sadness	abhorrent
abhorrent	surprise	abhorrent
abhorrent	trust	abhorrent
caricature	anger	caricatura
caricature	anticipation	de caricatura
caricature	disgust	de caricatura
caricature	fear	de caricatura
caricature	joy	caricatura
caricature	negative	de caricatura
caricature	positive	de caricatura
caricature	sadness	de caricatura
caricature	surprise	caricatura
caricature	trust	de caricatura
interstitial	anger	interstitial
interstitial	anticipation	interstitial
interstitial	disgust	interstitial
interstitial	fear	interstitial
interstitial	joy	interstitial
interstitial	negative	interstitial
interstitial	positive	interstitial
interstitial	sadness	interstitial
interstitial	surprise	interstitial
interstitial	trust	interstitial
spout	anger	spout
spout	anticipation	spout
spout	disgust	spout
spout	fear	spout
spout	joy	spout
spout	negative	spout
spout	positive	spout
spout	sadness	spout
spout	surprise	spout
spout	trust	spout
luminescent	anger	luminiscente
luminescent	anticipation	luminiscente
luminescent	disgust	luminiscente
luminescent	fear	luminiscente
luminescent	joy	luminiscente
luminescent	negative	luminiscente
luminescent	positive	luminiscente
luminescent	sadness	luminiscente
luminescent	surprise	luminiscente
luminescent	trust	luminiscente
accountable	anger	responsable
accountable	anticipation	responsable
accountable	disgust	responsable
accountable	fear	responsable
accountable	joy	responsable
accountable	negative	responsable
accountable	positive	responsable
accountable	sadness	momento
accountable	surprise	de momento
accountable	trust	responsable
momentum	anger	responsable
momentum	anticipation	responsable
momentum	disgust	momento
momentum	fear	de momento
momentum	joy	de momento
momentum	negative	de momento
momentum	positive	momento
momentum	sadness	de momento
momentum	surprise	de momento
momentum	trust	de momento
frenzy	anger	frenzy
frenzy	anticipation	frenzy
frenzy	disgust	frenzy
frenzy	fear	frenzy
frenzy	joy	frenzy
frenzy	negative	frenzy
frenzy	positive	frenzy
frenzy	sadness	frenzy
frenzy	surprise	frenzy
frenzy	trust	frenzy
fellow	anger	amigo
fellow	anticipation	amigo
fellow	disgust	amigo
fellow	fear	amigo
fellow	joy	amigo
fellow	negative	amigo
fellow	positive	socio
fellow	sadness	amigo
fellow	surprise	amigo
fellow	trust	amigo
overwhelm	anger	abruma
overwhelm	anticipation	abrumar
overwhelm	disgust	abrumar
overwhelm	fear	abrumar
overwhelm	joy	abrumar
overwhelm	negative	abrumar
overwhelm	positive	abrumar
overwhelm	sadness	abrumar
overwhelm	surprise	abrumar
overwhelm	trust	abrumar
replace	anger	reemplazar
replace	anticipation	reemplazar
replace	disgust	reemplazar
replace	fear	reemplazar
replace	joy	reemplazar
replace	negative	reemplazar
replace	positive	reemplazar
replace	sadness	reemplazar
replace	surprise	reemplazar
replace	trust	reemplazar
personnel	anger	personal
personnel	anticipation	de personal
personnel	disgust	de personal
personnel	fear	de personal
personnel	joy	personal
personnel	negative	de personal
personnel	positive	de personal
personnel	sadness	de personal
personnel	surprise	hielo
personnel	trust	de hielo
ice	anger	de personal
ice	anticipation	de personal
ice	disgust	hielo
ice	fear	de hielo
ice	joy	de hielo
ice	negative	de hielo
ice	positive	hielo
ice	sadness	de hielo
ice	surprise	de hielo
ice	trust	de hielo
hibernation	anger	hibernación
hibernation	anticipation	de hibernación
hibernation	disgust	de hibernación
hibernation	fear	de hibernación
hibernation	joy	hibernación
hibernation	negative	de hibernación
hibernation	positive	de hibernación
hibernation	sadness	de hibernación
hibernation	surprise	hibernación
hibernation	trust	de hibernación
daft	anger	daft
daft	anticipation	daft
daft	disgust	daft
daft	fear	daft
daft	joy	daft
daft	negative	daft
daft	positive	daft
daft	sadness	daft
daft	surprise	daft
daft	trust	daft
unassuming	anger	unassuming
unassuming	anticipation	unassuming
unassuming	disgust	unassuming
unassuming	fear	unassuming
unassuming	joy	unassuming
unassuming	negative	unassuming
unassuming	positive	unassuming
unassuming	sadness	unassuming
unassuming	surprise	unassuming
unassuming	trust	unassuming
azimuth	anger	acimut
azimuth	anticipation	de acimut
azimuth	disgust	de acimut
azimuth	fear	de acimut
azimuth	joy	acimut
azimuth	negative	de acimut
azimuth	positive	de acimut
azimuth	sadness	de acimut
azimuth	surprise	ignorancia
azimuth	trust	de ignorancia
ignorance	anger	de acimut
ignorance	anticipation	de acimut
ignorance	disgust	ignorancia
ignorance	fear	de ignorancia
ignorance	joy	de ignorancia
ignorance	negative	de ignorancia
ignorance	positive	ignorancia
ignorance	sadness	de ignorancia
ignorance	surprise	de ignorancia
ignorance	trust	de ignorancia
clerkship	anger	clerkship
clerkship	anticipation	clerkship
clerkship	disgust	clerkship
clerkship	fear	clerkship
clerkship	joy	clerkship
clerkship	negative	clerkship
clerkship	positive	clerkship
clerkship	sadness	clerkship
clerkship	surprise	clerkship
clerkship	trust	clerkship
emerald	anger	esmeralda
emerald	anticipation	de esmeralda
emerald	disgust	de esmeralda
emerald	fear	de esmeralda
emerald	joy	esmeralda
emerald	negative	de esmeralda
emerald	positive	de esmeralda
emerald	sadness	de esmeralda
emerald	surprise	esmeralda
emerald	trust	de esmeralda
vouch	anger	vouch
vouch	anticipation	vouch
vouch	disgust	vouch
vouch	fear	vouch
vouch	joy	vouch
vouch	negative	vouch
vouch	positive	vouch
vouch	sadness	vouch
vouch	surprise	vouch
vouch	trust	vouch
topical	anger	tópico
topical	anticipation	tópico
topical	disgust	tópico
topical	fear	tópico
topical	joy	tópico
topical	negative	tópico
topical	positive	tópico
topical	sadness	estuco
topical	surprise	de estuco
topical	trust	tópico
stucco	anger	tópico
stucco	anticipation	tópico
stucco	disgust	estuco
stucco	fear	de estuco
stucco	joy	de estuco
stucco	negative	de estuco
stucco	positive	estuco
stucco	sadness	de estuco
stucco	surprise	de estuco
stucco	trust	de estuco
growth	anger	crecimiento
growth	anticipation	de crecimiento
growth	disgust	de crecimiento
growth	fear	de crecimiento
growth	joy	crecimiento
growth	negative	de crecimiento
growth	positive	de crecimiento
growth	sadness	de crecimiento
growth	surprise	crecimiento
growth	trust	de crecimiento
nutritious	anger	nutritivo
nutritious	anticipation	nutritivo
nutritious	disgust	nutritivo
nutritious	fear	nutritivo
nutritious	joy	nutritivo
nutritious	negative	nutritivo
nutritious	positive	nutritivo
nutritious	sadness	excreción
nutritious	surprise	de excreción
nutritious	trust	nutritiva
excretion	anger	nutritiva
excretion	anticipation	nutritiva
excretion	disgust	excreción
excretion	fear	de excreción
excretion	joy	de excreción
excretion	negative	de excreción
excretion	positive	excreción
excretion	sadness	de excreción
excretion	surprise	de excreción
excretion	trust	de excreción
dip	anger	inmersión
dip	anticipation	de inmersión
dip	disgust	de inmersión
dip	fear	de inmersión
dip	joy	inmersión
dip	negative	de inmersión
dip	positive	de inmersión
dip	sadness	de inmersión
dip	surprise	inmersión
dip	trust	de inmersión
bimonthly	anger	bimonthly
bimonthly	anticipation	bimonthly
bimonthly	disgust	bimonthly
bimonthly	fear	bimonthly
bimonthly	joy	bimonthly
bimonthly	negative	bimonthly
bimonthly	positive	bimonthly
bimonthly	sadness	bimonthly
bimonthly	surprise	bimonthly
bimonthly	trust	bimonthly
hunger	anger	hunger
hunger	anticipation	hunger
hunger	disgust	hunger
hunger	fear	hunger
hunger	joy	hunger
hunger	negative	hunger
hunger	positive	hunger
hunger	sadness	hunger
hunger	surprise	hunger
hunger	trust	hunger
established	anger	estableció
established	anticipation	establecido
established	disgust	estableció
established	fear	establecido
established	joy	estableció
established	negative	establecido
established	positive	estableció
established	sadness	establecido
established	surprise	estableció
established	trust	establecido
sneezing	anger	sneezing
sneezing	anticipation	sneezing
sneezing	disgust	sneezing
sneezing	fear	sneezing
sneezing	joy	sneezing
sneezing	negative	sneezing
sneezing	positive	sneezing
sneezing	sadness	sneezing
sneezing	surprise	sneezing
sneezing	trust	sneezing
searching	anger	buscando
searching	anticipation	buscando
searching	disgust	buscando
searching	fear	buscando
searching	joy	buscando
searching	negative	buscando
searching	positive	buscando
searching	sadness	buscando
searching	surprise	buscando
searching	trust	buscando
message	anger	mensaje
message	anticipation	de mensaje
message	disgust	de mensaje
message	fear	de mensaje
message	joy	mensaje
message	negative	de mensaje
message	positive	de mensaje
message	sadness	de mensaje
message	surprise	disposición
message	trust	de disposición
willingness	anger	de mensaje
willingness	anticipation	de mensaje
willingness	disgust	disposición
willingness	fear	de disposición
willingness	joy	de disposición
willingness	negative	de disposición
willingness	positive	disposición
willingness	sadness	de disposición
willingness	surprise	de disposición
willingness	trust	de disposición
thrash	anger	thrash
thrash	anticipation	thrash
thrash	disgust	thrash
thrash	fear	thrash
thrash	joy	thrash
thrash	negative	thrash
thrash	positive	thrash
thrash	sadness	thrash
thrash	surprise	thrash
thrash	trust	thrash
valor	anger	valor
valor	anticipation	valor
valor	disgust	valor
valor	fear	valor
valor	joy	valor
valor	negative	valor
valor	positive	valor
valor	sadness	valor
valor	surprise	valor
valor	trust	valor
textile	anger	textil
textile	anticipation	textil
textile	disgust	textil
textile	fear	textil
textile	joy	textil
textile	negative	textil
textile	positive	textil
textile	sadness	caja
textile	surprise	de caja
textile	trust	textil
kit	anger	textil
kit	anticipation	textil
kit	disgust	caja
kit	fear	de caja
kit	joy	de caja
kit	negative	de caja
kit	positive	caja
kit	sadness	de caja
kit	surprise	de caja
kit	trust	de caja
syrup	anger	jarabe
syrup	anticipation	de jarabe
syrup	disgust	de jarabe
syrup	fear	de jarabe
syrup	joy	jarabe
syrup	negative	de jarabe
syrup	positive	de jarabe
syrup	sadness	de jarabe
syrup	surprise	tamiz
syrup	trust	de tamiz
sieve	anger	de jarabe
sieve	anticipation	de jarabe
sieve	disgust	tamiz
sieve	fear	de tamiz
sieve	joy	de tamiz
sieve	negative	de tamiz
sieve	positive	tamiz
sieve	sadness	de tamiz
sieve	surprise	de tamiz
sieve	trust	de tamiz
irradiation	anger	irradiación
irradiation	anticipation	de irradiación
irradiation	disgust	de irradiación
irradiation	fear	de irradiación
irradiation	joy	irradiación
irradiation	negative	de irradiación
irradiation	positive	de irradiación
irradiation	sadness	de irradiación
irradiation	surprise	sol
irradiation	trust	de sol
sunlight	anger	de irradiación
sunlight	anticipation	de irradiación
sunlight	disgust	sol
sunlight	fear	de sol
sunlight	joy	de sol
sunlight	negative	de sol
sunlight	positive	sol
sunlight	sadness	de sol
sunlight	surprise	de sol
sunlight	trust	de sol
downpour	anger	downpour
downpour	anticipation	downpour
downpour	disgust	downpour
downpour	fear	downpour
downpour	joy	downpour
downpour	negative	downpour
downpour	positive	downpour
downpour	sadness	downpour
downpour	surprise	downpour
downpour	trust	downpour
consummation	anger	consummation
consummation	anticipation	consummation
consummation	disgust	consummation
consummation	fear	consummation
consummation	joy	consummation
consummation	negative	consummation
consummation	positive	consummation
consummation	sadness	consummation
consummation	surprise	consummation
consummation	trust	consummation
chops	anger	chops
chops	anticipation	chops
chops	disgust	chops
chops	fear	chops
chops	joy	chops
chops	negative	chops
chops	positive	chops
chops	sadness	chops
chops	surprise	chops
chops	trust	chops
viking	anger	viking
viking	anticipation	viking
viking	disgust	viking
viking	fear	viking
viking	joy	viking
viking	negative	viking
viking	positive	viking
viking	sadness	viking
viking	surprise	viking
viking	trust	viking
idiot	anger	idiota
idiot	anticipation	idiota
idiot	disgust	idiota
idiot	fear	idiota
idiot	joy	idiota
idiot	negative	idiota
idiot	positive	idiota
idiot	sadness	sugerencia
idiot	surprise	de sugerencia
idiot	trust	idiota
suggestion	anger	idiota
suggestion	anticipation	idiota
suggestion	disgust	sugerencia
suggestion	fear	de sugerencia
suggestion	joy	de sugerencia
suggestion	negative	de sugerencia
suggestion	positive	sugerencia
suggestion	sadness	de sugerencia
suggestion	surprise	de sugerencia
suggestion	trust	de sugerencia
misplaced	anger	misplaced
misplaced	anticipation	misplaced
misplaced	disgust	misplaced
misplaced	fear	misplaced
misplaced	joy	misplaced
misplaced	negative	misplaced
misplaced	positive	misplaced
misplaced	sadness	misplaced
misplaced	surprise	misplaced
misplaced	trust	misplaced
intuitive	anger	intuitivo
intuitive	anticipation	intuitivo
intuitive	disgust	intuitivo
intuitive	fear	intuitivo
intuitive	joy	intuitivo
intuitive	negative	intuitivo
intuitive	positive	intuitivo
intuitive	sadness	intuitivo
intuitive	surprise	intuitivo
intuitive	trust	intuitivo
regulatory	anger	regulador
regulatory	anticipation	regulador
regulatory	disgust	regulador
regulatory	fear	regulador
regulatory	joy	regulador
regulatory	negative	regulador
regulatory	positive	regulador
regulatory	sadness	nave
regulatory	surprise	de nave
regulatory	trust	reguladora
nave	anger	reguladora
nave	anticipation	reguladora
nave	disgust	nave
nave	fear	de nave
nave	joy	de nave
nave	negative	de nave
nave	positive	nave
nave	sadness	de nave
nave	surprise	de nave
nave	trust	de nave
fleshy	anger	carnosa
fleshy	anticipation	carnoso
fleshy	disgust	carnoso
fleshy	fear	carnoso
fleshy	joy	carnoso
fleshy	negative	carnoso
fleshy	positive	carnoso
fleshy	sadness	entusiasmo
fleshy	surprise	de entusiasmo
fleshy	trust	carnoso
enthusiasm	anger	carnoso
enthusiasm	anticipation	carnoso
enthusiasm	disgust	entusiasmo
enthusiasm	fear	de entusiasmo
enthusiasm	joy	de entusiasmo
enthusiasm	negative	de entusiasmo
enthusiasm	positive	entusiasmo
enthusiasm	sadness	de entusiasmo
enthusiasm	surprise	de entusiasmo
enthusiasm	trust	de entusiasmo
conservation	anger	conservación
conservation	anticipation	de conservación
conservation	disgust	de conservación
conservation	fear	de conservación
conservation	joy	conservación
conservation	negative	de conservación
conservation	positive	de conservación
conservation	sadness	de conservación
conservation	surprise	recelo
conservation	trust	de recelo
distrust	anger	de conservación
distrust	anticipation	de conservación
distrust	disgust	recelo
distrust	fear	de recelo
distrust	joy	de recelo
distrust	negative	de recelo
distrust	positive	recelo
distrust	sadness	de recelo
distrust	surprise	de recelo
distrust	trust	de recelo
wicker	anger	wicker
wicker	anticipation	wicker
wicker	disgust	wicker
wicker	fear	wicker
wicker	joy	wicker
wicker	negative	wicker
wicker	positive	wicker
wicker	sadness	wicker
wicker	surprise	wicker
wicker	trust	wicker
swap	anger	intercambio
swap	anticipation	de intercambio
swap	disgust	de intercambio
swap	fear	de intercambio
swap	joy	intercambio
swap	negative	de intercambio
swap	positive	de intercambio
swap	sadness	de intercambio
swap	surprise	intercambio
swap	trust	de intercambio
dashed	anger	dashed
dashed	anticipation	dashed
dashed	disgust	dashed
dashed	fear	dashed
dashed	joy	dashed
dashed	negative	dashed
dashed	positive	dashed
dashed	sadness	dashed
dashed	surprise	dashed
dashed	trust	dashed
discernible	anger	discernible
discernible	anticipation	discernible
discernible	disgust	discernible
discernible	fear	discernible
discernible	joy	discernible
discernible	negative	discernible
discernible	positive	discernible
discernible	sadness	discernible
discernible	surprise	discernible
discernible	trust	discernible
perform	anger	actuar
perform	anticipation	actuar
perform	disgust	actuar
perform	fear	actuar
perform	joy	actuar
perform	negative	actuar
perform	positive	actuar
perform	sadness	actuar
perform	surprise	actuar
perform	trust	actuar
suburban	anger	suburbano
suburban	anticipation	suburbano
suburban	disgust	suburbano
suburban	fear	suburbano
suburban	joy	suburbano
suburban	negative	suburbano
suburban	positive	suburbano
suburban	sadness	suburbano
suburban	surprise	suburbano
suburban	trust	suburbano
greenish	anger	verdoso
greenish	anticipation	verdoso
greenish	disgust	verdoso
greenish	fear	verdoso
greenish	joy	verdoso
greenish	negative	verdoso
greenish	positive	verdoso
greenish	sadness	verdoso
greenish	surprise	verdoso
greenish	trust	verdoso
squirt	anger	squirt
squirt	anticipation	squirt
squirt	disgust	squirt
squirt	fear	squirt
squirt	joy	squirt
squirt	negative	squirt
squirt	positive	squirt
squirt	sadness	squirt
squirt	surprise	squirt
squirt	trust	squirt
minutiae	anger	minutiae
minutiae	anticipation	minutiae
minutiae	disgust	minutiae
minutiae	fear	minutiae
minutiae	joy	minutiae
minutiae	negative	minutiae
minutiae	positive	minutiae
minutiae	sadness	minutiae
minutiae	surprise	minutiae
minutiae	trust	minutiae
accompany	anger	acompañar
accompany	anticipation	acompañar
accompany	disgust	acompañar
accompany	fear	acompañar
accompany	joy	acompañar
accompany	negative	acompañar
accompany	positive	acompañar
accompany	sadness	acompañar
accompany	surprise	acompañar
accompany	trust	acompañar
booming	anger	booming
booming	anticipation	booming
booming	disgust	booming
booming	fear	booming
booming	joy	booming
booming	negative	booming
booming	positive	booming
booming	sadness	booming
booming	surprise	booming
booming	trust	booming
continual	anger	continual
continual	anticipation	continual
continual	disgust	continual
continual	fear	continual
continual	joy	continual
continual	negative	continual
continual	positive	continual
continual	sadness	continual
continual	surprise	continual
continual	trust	continual
magical	anger	mágico
magical	anticipation	mágico
magical	disgust	mágico
magical	fear	mágico
magical	joy	mágico
magical	negative	mágico
magical	positive	mágico
magical	sadness	mágico
magical	surprise	mágico
magical	trust	mágico
onset	anger	onset
onset	anticipation	onset
onset	disgust	onset
onset	fear	onset
onset	joy	onset
onset	negative	onset
onset	positive	onset
onset	sadness	onset
onset	surprise	onset
onset	trust	onset
planets	anger	planetas
planets	anticipation	de planetas
planets	disgust	de planetas
planets	fear	de planetas
planets	joy	planetas
planets	negative	de planetas
planets	positive	de planetas
planets	sadness	de planetas
planets	surprise	primacía
planets	trust	de primacía
primacy	anger	de planetas
primacy	anticipation	de planetas
primacy	disgust	primacía
primacy	fear	de primacía
primacy	joy	de primacía
primacy	negative	de primacía
primacy	positive	primacía
primacy	sadness	de primacía
primacy	surprise	de primacía
primacy	trust	de primacía
fastener	anger	fastener
fastener	anticipation	fastener
fastener	disgust	fastener
fastener	fear	fastener
fastener	joy	fastener
fastener	negative	fastener
fastener	positive	fastener
fastener	sadness	fastener
fastener	surprise	fastener
fastener	trust	fastener
bet	anger	la apuesta
bet	anticipation	apostada
bet	disgust	apuesta
bet	fear	la apuesta
bet	joy	apostada
bet	negative	apuesta
bet	positive	la apuesta
bet	sadness	apostada
bet	surprise	apuesta
bet	trust	materialismo
materialism	anger	de materialismo
materialism	anticipation	de materialismo
materialism	disgust	apostado
materialism	fear	materialismo
materialism	joy	de materialismo
materialism	negative	de materialismo
materialism	positive	de materialismo
materialism	sadness	materialismo
materialism	surprise	de materialismo
materialism	trust	del materialismo
demolish	anger	derriba
demolish	anticipation	derribar
demolish	disgust	derribar
demolish	fear	derribar
demolish	joy	derribar
demolish	negative	derribar
demolish	positive	derribar
demolish	sadness	derribar
demolish	surprise	derribar
demolish	trust	derribar
retirement	anger	jubilación
retirement	anticipation	de jubilación
retirement	disgust	de jubilación
retirement	fear	de jubilación
retirement	joy	jubilación
retirement	negative	de jubilación
retirement	positive	de jubilación
retirement	sadness	de jubilación
retirement	surprise	solidaridad
retirement	trust	de solidaridad
solidarity	anger	de jubilación
solidarity	anticipation	de jubilación
solidarity	disgust	solidaridad
solidarity	fear	de solidaridad
solidarity	joy	de solidaridad
solidarity	negative	de solidaridad
solidarity	positive	solidaridad
solidarity	sadness	de solidaridad
solidarity	surprise	de solidaridad
solidarity	trust	de solidaridad
slouch	anger	slouch
slouch	anticipation	slouch
slouch	disgust	slouch
slouch	fear	slouch
slouch	joy	slouch
slouch	negative	slouch
slouch	positive	slouch
slouch	sadness	slouch
slouch	surprise	slouch
slouch	trust	slouch
allot	anger	asignar
allot	anticipation	asignar
allot	disgust	asignar
allot	fear	asignar
allot	joy	asignar
allot	negative	asignar
allot	positive	asignar
allot	sadness	asignar
allot	surprise	asignar
allot	trust	asignar
carrier	anger	cargador
carrier	anticipation	cargador
carrier	disgust	cargador
carrier	fear	cargador
carrier	joy	cargador
carrier	negative	cargador
carrier	positive	cargador
carrier	sadness	mena
carrier	surprise	de mena
carrier	trust	cargadora
ore	anger	cargadora
ore	anticipation	cargadora
ore	disgust	mena
ore	fear	de mena
ore	joy	de mena
ore	negative	de mena
ore	positive	mena
ore	sadness	de mena
ore	surprise	de mena
ore	trust	de mena
spokesman	anger	portavoz
spokesman	anticipation	de portavoz
spokesman	disgust	de portavoz
spokesman	fear	de portavoz
spokesman	joy	portavoz
spokesman	negative	de portavoz
spokesman	positive	de portavoz
spokesman	sadness	de portavoz
spokesman	surprise	portavoz
spokesman	trust	de portavoz
intoxicated	anger	ebrio
intoxicated	anticipation	ebrio
intoxicated	disgust	ebrio
intoxicated	fear	ebrio
intoxicated	joy	ebrio
intoxicated	negative	ebrio
intoxicated	positive	ebrio
intoxicated	sadness	ebrio
intoxicated	surprise	ebrio
intoxicated	trust	ebrio
troupe	anger	troupe
troupe	anticipation	troupe
troupe	disgust	troupe
troupe	fear	troupe
troupe	joy	troupe
troupe	negative	troupe
troupe	positive	troupe
troupe	sadness	troupe
troupe	surprise	troupe
troupe	trust	troupe
puffy	anger	puffy
puffy	anticipation	puffy
puffy	disgust	puffy
puffy	fear	puffy
puffy	joy	puffy
puffy	negative	puffy
puffy	positive	puffy
puffy	sadness	puffy
puffy	surprise	puffy
puffy	trust	puffy
marketable	anger	mercadeable
marketable	anticipation	mercadeable
marketable	disgust	mercadeable
marketable	fear	mercadeable
marketable	joy	mercadeable
marketable	negative	mercadeable
marketable	positive	mercadeable
marketable	sadness	mercadeable
marketable	surprise	mercadeable
marketable	trust	mercadeable
ail	anger	aquejar
ail	anticipation	aquejar
ail	disgust	aquejar
ail	fear	aquejar
ail	joy	aquejar
ail	negative	aquejar
ail	positive	aquejar
ail	sadness	aquejar
ail	surprise	aquejar
ail	trust	aquejar
opportunism	anger	oportunismo
opportunism	anticipation	de oportunismo
opportunism	disgust	de oportunismo
opportunism	fear	de oportunismo
opportunism	joy	oportunismo
opportunism	negative	de oportunismo
opportunism	positive	de oportunismo
opportunism	sadness	de oportunismo
opportunism	surprise	oportunismo
opportunism	trust	de oportunismo
contentious	anger	contencioso
contentious	anticipation	contencioso
contentious	disgust	contencioso
contentious	fear	contencioso
contentious	joy	contencioso
contentious	negative	contencioso
contentious	positive	contencioso
contentious	sadness	contencioso
contentious	surprise	contencioso
contentious	trust	contencioso
impromptu	anger	impromptu
impromptu	anticipation	impromptu
impromptu	disgust	impromptu
impromptu	fear	impromptu
impromptu	joy	impromptu
impromptu	negative	impromptu
impromptu	positive	impromptu
impromptu	sadness	impromptu
impromptu	surprise	impromptu
impromptu	trust	impromptu
effect	anger	efecto
effect	anticipation	de efecto
effect	disgust	de efecto
effect	fear	de efecto
effect	joy	efecto
effect	negative	de efecto
effect	positive	de efecto
effect	sadness	de efecto
effect	surprise	transmisión
effect	trust	de transmisión
transmission	anger	de efecto
transmission	anticipation	de efecto
transmission	disgust	transmisión
transmission	fear	de transmisión
transmission	joy	de transmisión
transmission	negative	de transmisión
transmission	positive	transmisión
transmission	sadness	de transmisión
transmission	surprise	de transmisión
transmission	trust	de transmisión
misrepresented	anger	misrepresented
misrepresented	anticipation	misrepresented
misrepresented	disgust	misrepresented
misrepresented	fear	misrepresented
misrepresented	joy	misrepresented
misrepresented	negative	misrepresented
misrepresented	positive	misrepresented
misrepresented	sadness	misrepresented
misrepresented	surprise	misrepresented
misrepresented	trust	misrepresented
inexperience	anger	inexperience
inexperience	anticipation	inexperience
inexperience	disgust	inexperience
inexperience	fear	inexperience
inexperience	joy	inexperience
inexperience	negative	inexperience
inexperience	positive	inexperience
inexperience	sadness	inexperience
inexperience	surprise	inexperience
inexperience	trust	inexperience
stay	anger	estancia
stay	anticipation	de estancia
stay	disgust	de estancia
stay	fear	de estancia
stay	joy	estancia
stay	negative	de estancia
stay	positive	de estancia
stay	sadness	de estancia
stay	surprise	ligamento
stay	trust	de ligamento
ligament	anger	de estancia
ligament	anticipation	de estancia
ligament	disgust	ligamento
ligament	fear	de ligamento
ligament	joy	de ligamento
ligament	negative	de ligamento
ligament	positive	ligamento
ligament	sadness	de ligamento
ligament	surprise	de ligamento
ligament	trust	de ligamento
blacksmith	anger	blacksmith
blacksmith	anticipation	blacksmith
blacksmith	disgust	blacksmith
blacksmith	fear	blacksmith
blacksmith	joy	blacksmith
blacksmith	negative	blacksmith
blacksmith	positive	blacksmith
blacksmith	sadness	blacksmith
blacksmith	surprise	blacksmith
blacksmith	trust	blacksmith
bristle	anger	bristle
bristle	anticipation	bristle
bristle	disgust	bristle
bristle	fear	bristle
bristle	joy	bristle
bristle	negative	bristle
bristle	positive	bristle
bristle	sadness	bristle
bristle	surprise	bristle
bristle	trust	bristle
debenture	anger	debenture
debenture	anticipation	debenture
debenture	disgust	debenture
debenture	fear	debenture
debenture	joy	debenture
debenture	negative	debenture
debenture	positive	debenture
debenture	sadness	debenture
debenture	surprise	debenture
debenture	trust	debenture
elapse	anger	elapse
elapse	anticipation	elapse
elapse	disgust	elapse
elapse	fear	elapse
elapse	joy	elapse
elapse	negative	elapse
elapse	positive	elapse
elapse	sadness	elapse
elapse	surprise	elapse
elapse	trust	elapse
blindly	anger	a ciegas
blindly	anticipation	a ciegas
blindly	disgust	a ciegas
blindly	fear	a ciegas
blindly	joy	a ciegas
blindly	negative	a ciegas
blindly	positive	a ciegas
blindly	sadness	a ciegas
blindly	surprise	a ciegas
blindly	trust	a ciegas
pop	anger	pop
pop	anticipation	de pop
pop	disgust	de pop
pop	fear	de pop
pop	joy	pop
pop	negative	de pop
pop	positive	de pop
pop	sadness	de pop
pop	surprise	pop
pop	trust	de pop
unscientific	anger	unscientific
unscientific	anticipation	unscientific
unscientific	disgust	unscientific
unscientific	fear	unscientific
unscientific	joy	unscientific
unscientific	negative	unscientific
unscientific	positive	unscientific
unscientific	sadness	unscientific
unscientific	surprise	unscientific
unscientific	trust	unscientific
cowardice	anger	cobardía
cowardice	anticipation	de cobardía
cowardice	disgust	de cobardía
cowardice	fear	de cobardía
cowardice	joy	cobardía
cowardice	negative	de cobardía
cowardice	positive	de cobardía
cowardice	sadness	de cobardía
cowardice	surprise	cobardía
cowardice	trust	de cobardía
specie	anger	specie
specie	anticipation	specie
specie	disgust	specie
specie	fear	specie
specie	joy	specie
specie	negative	specie
specie	positive	specie
specie	sadness	specie
specie	surprise	specie
specie	trust	specie
credible	anger	creíble
credible	anticipation	creíble
credible	disgust	creíble
credible	fear	creíble
credible	joy	creíble
credible	negative	creíble
credible	positive	creíble
credible	sadness	creíble
credible	surprise	creíble
credible	trust	creíble
sudden	anger	repentino
sudden	anticipation	repentino
sudden	disgust	repentino
sudden	fear	repentino
sudden	joy	repentino
sudden	negative	repentino
sudden	positive	repentino
sudden	sadness	repentino
sudden	surprise	repentino
sudden	trust	repentino
scrip	anger	scrip
scrip	anticipation	scrip
scrip	disgust	scrip
scrip	fear	scrip
scrip	joy	scrip
scrip	negative	scrip
scrip	positive	scrip
scrip	sadness	scrip
scrip	surprise	scrip
scrip	trust	scrip
pyramidal	anger	piramidal
pyramidal	anticipation	piramidal
pyramidal	disgust	piramidal
pyramidal	fear	piramidal
pyramidal	joy	piramidal
pyramidal	negative	piramidal
pyramidal	positive	piramidal
pyramidal	sadness	piramidal
pyramidal	surprise	piramidal
pyramidal	trust	piramidal
rightly	anger	correctamente
rightly	anticipation	correctamente
rightly	disgust	correctamente
rightly	fear	correctamente
rightly	joy	correctamente
rightly	negative	correctamente
rightly	positive	correctamente
rightly	sadness	correctamente
rightly	surprise	correctamente
rightly	trust	correctamente
reunion	anger	reencuentro
reunion	anticipation	de reencuentro
reunion	disgust	de reencuentro
reunion	fear	de reencuentro
reunion	joy	reencuentro
reunion	negative	de reencuentro
reunion	positive	de reencuentro
reunion	sadness	de reencuentro
reunion	surprise	beso
reunion	trust	de beso
kiss	anger	de reencuentro
kiss	anticipation	de reencuentro
kiss	disgust	beso
kiss	fear	de beso
kiss	joy	de beso
kiss	negative	de beso
kiss	positive	beso
kiss	sadness	de beso
kiss	surprise	de beso
kiss	trust	de beso que
shaving	anger	afeita
shaving	anticipation	de afeitar
shaving	disgust	de afeitar
shaving	fear	de afeitar
shaving	joy	de afeitar
shaving	negative	de afeitar
shaving	positive	de afeitar
shaving	sadness	de afeitar
shaving	surprise	de afeitar
shaving	trust	de afeitar
tortuous	anger	tortuoso
tortuous	anticipation	tortuoso
tortuous	disgust	tortuoso
tortuous	fear	tortuoso
tortuous	joy	tortuoso
tortuous	negative	tortuoso
tortuous	positive	tortuoso
tortuous	sadness	tortuoso
tortuous	surprise	tortuoso
tortuous	trust	tortuoso
uneducated	anger	sin educación
uneducated	anticipation	sin educación
uneducated	disgust	sin educación
uneducated	fear	sin educación
uneducated	joy	sin educación
uneducated	negative	sin educación
uneducated	positive	sin educación
uneducated	sadness	sin educación
uneducated	surprise	sin educación
uneducated	trust	sin educación
lay	anger	poner
lay	anticipation	poner
lay	disgust	poner
lay	fear	poner
lay	joy	poner
lay	negative	poner
lay	positive	poner
lay	sadness	poner
lay	surprise	poner
lay	trust	poner
quadratic	anger	cuadrático
quadratic	anticipation	cuadrático
quadratic	disgust	cuadrático
quadratic	fear	cuadrático
quadratic	joy	cuadrático
quadratic	negative	cuadrático
quadratic	positive	cuadrático
quadratic	sadness	eufemismo
quadratic	surprise	de eufemismo
quadratic	trust	cuadrático
euphemism	anger	cuadrático
euphemism	anticipation	cuadrático
euphemism	disgust	eufemismo
euphemism	fear	de eufemismo
euphemism	joy	de eufemismo
euphemism	negative	de eufemismo
euphemism	positive	eufemismo
euphemism	sadness	de eufemismo
euphemism	surprise	de eufemismo
euphemism	trust	de eufemismo
entrance	anger	entrada
entrance	anticipation	de entrada
entrance	disgust	de entrada
entrance	fear	de entrada
entrance	joy	entrada
entrance	negative	de entrada
entrance	positive	de entrada
entrance	sadness	de entrada
entrance	surprise	entrada
entrance	trust	de entrada
suggestive	anger	sugestiva
suggestive	anticipation	sugestivo
suggestive	disgust	sugestivo
suggestive	fear	sugestivo
suggestive	joy	sugestivo
suggestive	negative	sugestivo
suggestive	positive	sugestivo
suggestive	sadness	sugestivo
suggestive	surprise	sugestivo
suggestive	trust	sugestivo
gill	anger	gill
gill	anticipation	gill
gill	disgust	gill
gill	fear	gill
gill	joy	gill
gill	negative	gill
gill	positive	gill
gill	sadness	gill
gill	surprise	gill
gill	trust	gill
cataract	anger	catarata
cataract	anticipation	de catarata
cataract	disgust	de catarata
cataract	fear	de catarata
cataract	joy	catarata
cataract	negative	de catarata
cataract	positive	de catarata
cataract	sadness	de catarata
cataract	surprise	catarata
cataract	trust	de catarata
fraught	anger	fraught
fraught	anticipation	fraught
fraught	disgust	fraught
fraught	fear	fraught
fraught	joy	fraught
fraught	negative	fraught
fraught	positive	fraught
fraught	sadness	fraught
fraught	surprise	fraught
fraught	trust	fraught
distillation	anger	destilación
distillation	anticipation	de destilación
distillation	disgust	de destilación
distillation	fear	de destilación
distillation	joy	destilación
distillation	negative	de destilación
distillation	positive	de destilación
distillation	sadness	de destilación
distillation	surprise	telescopio
distillation	trust	de telescopio
telescope	anger	de destilación
telescope	anticipation	de destilación
telescope	disgust	telescopio
telescope	fear	de telescopio
telescope	joy	de telescopio
telescope	negative	de telescopio
telescope	positive	telescopio
telescope	sadness	de telescopio
telescope	surprise	de telescopio
telescope	trust	de telescopio
townhouse	anger	townhouse
townhouse	anticipation	townhouse
townhouse	disgust	townhouse
townhouse	fear	townhouse
townhouse	joy	townhouse
townhouse	negative	townhouse
townhouse	positive	townhouse
townhouse	sadness	townhouse
townhouse	surprise	townhouse
townhouse	trust	townhouse
knack	anger	maña
knack	anticipation	de maña
knack	disgust	de maña
knack	fear	de maña
knack	joy	maña
knack	negative	de maña
knack	positive	de maña
knack	sadness	de maña
knack	surprise	maña
knack	trust	de maña
adjoining	anger	contigua
adjoining	anticipation	contiguo
adjoining	disgust	contiguo
adjoining	fear	contiguo
adjoining	joy	contiguo
adjoining	negative	contiguo
adjoining	positive	contiguo
adjoining	sadness	gasolina
adjoining	surprise	de gasolina
adjoining	trust	contigua
gasoline	anger	contigua
gasoline	anticipation	contigua
gasoline	disgust	gasolina
gasoline	fear	de gasolina
gasoline	joy	de gasolina
gasoline	negative	de gasolina
gasoline	positive	gasolina
gasoline	sadness	de gasolina
gasoline	surprise	de gasolina
gasoline	trust	de gasolina
primary	anger	primaria
primary	anticipation	primario
primary	disgust	primario
primary	fear	primario
primary	joy	primario
primary	negative	primario
primary	positive	primario
primary	sadness	sitio
primary	surprise	de sitio
primary	trust	primario
place	anger	primario
place	anticipation	primario
place	disgust	sitio
place	fear	de sitio
place	joy	de sitio
place	negative	de sitio
place	positive	sitio
place	sadness	de sitio
place	surprise	de sitio
place	trust	de sitio
instruction	anger	instrucción
instruction	anticipation	de instrucción
instruction	disgust	de instrucción
instruction	fear	de instrucción
instruction	joy	instrucción
instruction	negative	de instrucción
instruction	positive	de instrucción
instruction	sadness	de instrucción
instruction	surprise	instrucción
instruction	trust	de instrucción
obscured	anger	ocultó
obscured	anticipation	ocultada
obscured	disgust	ocultó
obscured	fear	ocultado
obscured	joy	ocultó
obscured	negative	ocultado
obscured	positive	ocultó
obscured	sadness	ocultado
obscured	surprise	ocultó
obscured	trust	ocultado
terribly	anger	terriblemente
terribly	anticipation	terriblemente
terribly	disgust	terriblemente
terribly	fear	terriblemente
terribly	joy	terriblemente
terribly	negative	terriblemente
terribly	positive	terriblemente
terribly	sadness	terriblemente
terribly	surprise	terriblemente
terribly	trust	terriblemente
merge	anger	fusionar
merge	anticipation	fusionar
merge	disgust	fusionar
merge	fear	fusionar
merge	joy	fusionar
merge	negative	fusionar
merge	positive	fusionar
merge	sadness	fusionar
merge	surprise	fusionar
merge	trust	fusionar
delegation	anger	delegación
delegation	anticipation	de delegación
delegation	disgust	de delegación
delegation	fear	de delegación
delegation	joy	delegación
delegation	negative	de delegación
delegation	positive	de delegación
delegation	sadness	de delegación
delegation	surprise	delegación
delegation	trust	de delegación
disembodied	anger	disembodied
disembodied	anticipation	disembodied
disembodied	disgust	disembodied
disembodied	fear	disembodied
disembodied	joy	disembodied
disembodied	negative	disembodied
disembodied	positive	disembodied
disembodied	sadness	disembodied
disembodied	surprise	disembodied
disembodied	trust	disembodied
scenic	anger	escénico
scenic	anticipation	escénico
scenic	disgust	escénico
scenic	fear	escénico
scenic	joy	escénico
scenic	negative	escénico
scenic	positive	escénico
scenic	sadness	escénico
scenic	surprise	escénico
scenic	trust	escénico
relinquish	anger	relinquish
relinquish	anticipation	relinquish
relinquish	disgust	relinquish
relinquish	fear	relinquish
relinquish	joy	relinquish
relinquish	negative	relinquish
relinquish	positive	relinquish
relinquish	sadness	relinquish
relinquish	surprise	relinquish
relinquish	trust	relinquish
porter	anger	portero
porter	anticipation	de portero
porter	disgust	de portero
porter	fear	de portero
porter	joy	portero
porter	negative	de portero
porter	positive	de portero
porter	sadness	de portero
porter	surprise	caloría
porter	trust	de caloría
calorie	anger	de portero
calorie	anticipation	de portero
calorie	disgust	caloría
calorie	fear	de caloría
calorie	joy	de caloría
calorie	negative	de caloría
calorie	positive	caloría
calorie	sadness	de caloría
calorie	surprise	de caloría
calorie	trust	de caloría
cosmology	anger	cosmología
cosmology	anticipation	de cosmología
cosmology	disgust	de cosmología
cosmology	fear	de cosmología
cosmology	joy	cosmología
cosmology	negative	de cosmología
cosmology	positive	de cosmología
cosmology	sadness	de cosmología
cosmology	surprise	cosmología
cosmology	trust	de cosmología
misunderstand	anger	entiende mal
misunderstand	anticipation	entender mal
misunderstand	disgust	entender mal
misunderstand	fear	entender mal
misunderstand	joy	entender mal
misunderstand	negative	entender mal
misunderstand	positive	entender mal
misunderstand	sadness	entender mal
misunderstand	surprise	entender mal
misunderstand	trust	entender mal
winning	anger	ganador
winning	anticipation	ganador
winning	disgust	ganador
winning	fear	ganador
winning	joy	ganador
winning	negative	ganador
winning	positive	ganador
winning	sadness	ganador
winning	surprise	ganador
winning	trust	ganando
irregularly	anger	irregularmente
irregularly	anticipation	irregularmente
irregularly	disgust	irregularmente
irregularly	fear	irregularmente
irregularly	joy	irregularmente
irregularly	negative	irregularmente
irregularly	positive	irregularmente
irregularly	sadness	irregularmente
irregularly	surprise	irregularmente
irregularly	trust	irregularmente
taunt	anger	taunt
taunt	anticipation	taunt
taunt	disgust	taunt
taunt	fear	taunt
taunt	joy	taunt
taunt	negative	taunt
taunt	positive	taunt
taunt	sadness	taunt
taunt	surprise	taunt
taunt	trust	taunt
rye	anger	centeno
rye	anticipation	de centeno
rye	disgust	de centeno
rye	fear	de centeno
rye	joy	centeno
rye	negative	de centeno
rye	positive	de centeno
rye	sadness	de centeno
rye	surprise	centeno
rye	trust	de centeno
unanticipated	anger	unanticipated
unanticipated	anticipation	unanticipated
unanticipated	disgust	unanticipated
unanticipated	fear	unanticipated
unanticipated	joy	unanticipated
unanticipated	negative	unanticipated
unanticipated	positive	unanticipated
unanticipated	sadness	unanticipated
unanticipated	surprise	unanticipated
unanticipated	trust	unanticipated
accentuate	anger	acentuar
accentuate	anticipation	acentuar
accentuate	disgust	acentuar
accentuate	fear	acentuar
accentuate	joy	acentuar
accentuate	negative	acentuar
accentuate	positive	acentuar
accentuate	sadness	acentuar
accentuate	surprise	acentuar
accentuate	trust	acentuar
ribbon	anger	ribbon
ribbon	anticipation	ribbon
ribbon	disgust	ribbon
ribbon	fear	ribbon
ribbon	joy	ribbon
ribbon	negative	ribbon
ribbon	positive	ribbon
ribbon	sadness	ribbon
ribbon	surprise	ribbon
ribbon	trust	ribbon
thinker	anger	pensador
thinker	anticipation	de pensador
thinker	disgust	de pensador
thinker	fear	de pensador
thinker	joy	pensador
thinker	negative	de pensador
thinker	positive	de pensador
thinker	sadness	de pensador
thinker	surprise	pensador
thinker	trust	de pensador
infamous	anger	infamous
infamous	anticipation	infamous
infamous	disgust	infamous
infamous	fear	infamous
infamous	joy	infamous
infamous	negative	infamous
infamous	positive	infamous
infamous	sadness	infamous
infamous	surprise	infamous
infamous	trust	infamous
recommend	anger	recomendar
recommend	anticipation	recomendar
recommend	disgust	recomendar
recommend	fear	recomendar
recommend	joy	recomendar
recommend	negative	recomendar
recommend	positive	recomendar
recommend	sadness	recomendar
recommend	surprise	recomendar
recommend	trust	recomendar
awning	anger	toldo
awning	anticipation	de toldo
awning	disgust	de toldo
awning	fear	de toldo
awning	joy	toldo
awning	negative	de toldo
awning	positive	de toldo
awning	sadness	de toldo
awning	surprise	toldo
awning	trust	de toldo
learned	anger	aprendió
learned	anticipation	aprendido
learned	disgust	aprendió
learned	fear	aprendido
learned	joy	aprendió
learned	negative	aprendido
learned	positive	aprendió
learned	sadness	aprendido
learned	surprise	aprendió
learned	trust	aprendido
evoke	anger	evocar
evoke	anticipation	evocar
evoke	disgust	evocar
evoke	fear	evocar
evoke	joy	evocar
evoke	negative	evocar
evoke	positive	evocar
evoke	sadness	evocar
evoke	surprise	evocar
evoke	trust	evocar
mortal	anger	mortal
mortal	anticipation	mortal
mortal	disgust	mortal
mortal	fear	mortal
mortal	joy	mortal
mortal	negative	mortal
mortal	positive	mortal
mortal	sadness	mortal
mortal	surprise	mortal
mortal	trust	mortal
eldest	anger	eldest
eldest	anticipation	eldest
eldest	disgust	eldest
eldest	fear	eldest
eldest	joy	eldest
eldest	negative	eldest
eldest	positive	eldest
eldest	sadness	eldest
eldest	surprise	eldest
eldest	trust	eldest
aid	anger	ayuda
aid	anticipation	de ayuda
aid	disgust	de ayuda
aid	fear	de ayuda
aid	joy	ayuda
aid	negative	de ayuda
aid	positive	de ayuda
aid	sadness	de ayuda
aid	surprise	ayuda
aid	trust	de ayuda
disarray	anger	disarray
disarray	anticipation	disarray
disarray	disgust	disarray
disarray	fear	disarray
disarray	joy	disarray
disarray	negative	disarray
disarray	positive	disarray
disarray	sadness	disarray
disarray	surprise	disarray
disarray	trust	disarray
million	anger	millones
million	anticipation	millones
million	disgust	millones
million	fear	millones
million	joy	millones
million	negative	millones
million	positive	millones
million	sadness	millones
million	surprise	millones
million	trust	millones de hechos
facts	anger	
facts	anticipation	hechos
facts	disgust	de hechos
facts	fear	de hechos
facts	joy	de hechos
facts	negative	hechos
facts	positive	de hechos
facts	sadness	de hechos
facts	surprise	de hechos
facts	trust	hechos
peruse	anger	peruse
peruse	anticipation	peruse
peruse	disgust	peruse
peruse	fear	peruse
peruse	joy	peruse
peruse	negative	peruse
peruse	positive	peruse
peruse	sadness	peruse
peruse	surprise	peruse
peruse	trust	peruse
adventurer	anger	aventurero
adventurer	anticipation	de aventurero
adventurer	disgust	de aventurero
adventurer	fear	de aventurero
adventurer	joy	aventurero
adventurer	negative	de aventurero
adventurer	positive	de aventurero
adventurer	sadness	de aventurero
adventurer	surprise	constreñimiento
adventurer	trust	de constreñimiento
constraint	anger	de aventurero
constraint	anticipation	de aventurero
constraint	disgust	constreñimiento
constraint	fear	de constreñimiento
constraint	joy	de constreñimiento
constraint	negative	de constreñimiento
constraint	positive	constreñimiento
constraint	sadness	de constreñimiento
constraint	surprise	de constreñimiento
constraint	trust	de constreñimiento
withdrawal	anger	retirada
withdrawal	anticipation	de retirada
withdrawal	disgust	de retirada
withdrawal	fear	de retirada
withdrawal	joy	retirada
withdrawal	negative	de retirada
withdrawal	positive	de retirada
withdrawal	sadness	de retirada
withdrawal	surprise	retirada
withdrawal	trust	de retirada
malicious	anger	malicious
malicious	anticipation	malicious
malicious	disgust	malicious
malicious	fear	malicious
malicious	joy	malicious
malicious	negative	malicious
malicious	positive	malicious
malicious	sadness	malicious
malicious	surprise	malicious
malicious	trust	malicious
serve	anger	servir
serve	anticipation	servir
serve	disgust	servir
serve	fear	servir
serve	joy	servir
serve	negative	servir
serve	positive	servir
serve	sadness	servir
serve	surprise	servir
serve	trust	servir
inexpensive	anger	económico
inexpensive	anticipation	económico
inexpensive	disgust	económico
inexpensive	fear	económico
inexpensive	joy	económico
inexpensive	negative	económico
inexpensive	positive	económico
inexpensive	sadness	económico
inexpensive	surprise	económico
inexpensive	trust	económico
mighty	anger	muy
mighty	anticipation	muy
mighty	disgust	muy
mighty	fear	muy
mighty	joy	muy
mighty	negative	muy
mighty	positive	muy
mighty	sadness	muy
mighty	surprise	muy
mighty	trust	muy
cable	anger	cable
cable	anticipation	de cable
cable	disgust	de cable
cable	fear	de cable
cable	joy	cable
cable	negative	de cable
cable	positive	de cable
cable	sadness	de cable
cable	surprise	cable
cable	trust	de cable
disgruntled	anger	descontento
disgruntled	anticipation	descontento
disgruntled	disgust	descontento
disgruntled	fear	descontento
disgruntled	joy	descontento
disgruntled	negative	descontento
disgruntled	positive	descontento
disgruntled	sadness	descontento
disgruntled	surprise	descontento
disgruntled	trust	descontento
unwarranted	anger	unwarranted
unwarranted	anticipation	unwarranted
unwarranted	disgust	unwarranted
unwarranted	fear	unwarranted
unwarranted	joy	unwarranted
unwarranted	negative	unwarranted
unwarranted	positive	unwarranted
unwarranted	sadness	unwarranted
unwarranted	surprise	unwarranted
unwarranted	trust	unwarranted
allegro	anger	allegro
allegro	anticipation	allegro
allegro	disgust	allegro
allegro	fear	allegro
allegro	joy	allegro
allegro	negative	allegro
allegro	positive	allegro
allegro	sadness	allegro
allegro	surprise	allegro
allegro	trust	allegro
chunky	anger	chunky
chunky	anticipation	chunky
chunky	disgust	chunky
chunky	fear	chunky
chunky	joy	chunky
chunky	negative	chunky
chunky	positive	chunky
chunky	sadness	chunky
chunky	surprise	chunky
chunky	trust	chunky
rally	anger	rally
rally	anticipation	de rally
rally	disgust	de rally
rally	fear	de rally
rally	joy	rally
rally	negative	de rally
rally	positive	de rally
rally	sadness	de rally
rally	surprise	rally
rally	trust	de rally
protector	anger	protector
protector	anticipation	protector
protector	disgust	protector
protector	fear	protector
protector	joy	protector
protector	negative	protector
protector	positive	protector
protector	sadness	protector
protector	surprise	protector
protector	trust	protector
materials	anger	materiales
materials	anticipation	de materiales
materials	disgust	de materiales
materials	fear	de materiales
materials	joy	materiales
materials	negative	de materiales
materials	positive	de materiales
materials	sadness	de materiales
materials	surprise	materiales
materials	trust	de materiales
creole	anger	criollos
creole	anticipation	criollos
creole	disgust	criollos
creole	fear	criollos
creole	joy	criollos
creole	negative	criollos
creole	positive	criollos
creole	sadness	molécula
creole	surprise	de molécula
creole	trust	criolla
molecule	anger	criolla
molecule	anticipation	criolla
molecule	disgust	molécula
molecule	fear	de molécula
molecule	joy	de molécula
molecule	negative	de molécula
molecule	positive	molécula
molecule	sadness	de molécula
molecule	surprise	de molécula
molecule	trust	de molécula
concessional	anger	concessional
concessional	anticipation	concessional
concessional	disgust	concessional
concessional	fear	concessional
concessional	joy	concessional
concessional	negative	concessional
concessional	positive	concessional
concessional	sadness	concessional
concessional	surprise	concessional
concessional	trust	concessional
spotty	anger	spotty
spotty	anticipation	spotty
spotty	disgust	spotty
spotty	fear	spotty
spotty	joy	spotty
spotty	negative	spotty
spotty	positive	spotty
spotty	sadness	spotty
spotty	surprise	spotty
spotty	trust	spotty
hurtful	anger	perjudicial
hurtful	anticipation	perjudicial
hurtful	disgust	perjudicial
hurtful	fear	perjudicial
hurtful	joy	perjudicial
hurtful	negative	perjudicial
hurtful	positive	perjudicial
hurtful	sadness	perjudicial
hurtful	surprise	perjudicial
hurtful	trust	perjudicial
practical	anger	práctico
practical	anticipation	práctico
practical	disgust	práctico
practical	fear	práctico
practical	joy	práctico
practical	negative	práctico
practical	positive	práctico
practical	sadness	práctico
practical	surprise	práctico
practical	trust	práctico
flapping	anger	flapping
flapping	anticipation	flapping
flapping	disgust	flapping
flapping	fear	flapping
flapping	joy	flapping
flapping	negative	flapping
flapping	positive	flapping
flapping	sadness	flapping
flapping	surprise	flapping
flapping	trust	flapping
restorative	anger	restorative
restorative	anticipation	restorative
restorative	disgust	restorative
restorative	fear	restorative
restorative	joy	restorative
restorative	negative	restorative
restorative	positive	restorative
restorative	sadness	restorative
restorative	surprise	restorative
restorative	trust	restorative
hindrance	anger	hindrance
hindrance	anticipation	hindrance
hindrance	disgust	hindrance
hindrance	fear	hindrance
hindrance	joy	hindrance
hindrance	negative	hindrance
hindrance	positive	hindrance
hindrance	sadness	hindrance
hindrance	surprise	hindrance
hindrance	trust	hindrance
heal	anger	curarse
heal	anticipation	curarse
heal	disgust	curarse
heal	fear	curarse
heal	joy	curarse
heal	negative	curarse
heal	positive	curarse
heal	sadness	curarse
heal	surprise	curarse
heal	trust	curarse
oft	anger	oft
oft	anticipation	oft
oft	disgust	oft
oft	fear	oft
oft	joy	oft
oft	negative	oft
oft	positive	oft
oft	sadness	oft
oft	surprise	oft
oft	trust	oft
ounce	anger	onza
ounce	anticipation	de onza
ounce	disgust	de onza
ounce	fear	de onza
ounce	joy	onza
ounce	negative	de onza
ounce	positive	de onza
ounce	sadness	de onza
ounce	surprise	onza
ounce	trust	de onza
recurrent	anger	recurrente
recurrent	anticipation	recurrente
recurrent	disgust	recurrente
recurrent	fear	recurrente
recurrent	joy	recurrente
recurrent	negative	recurrente
recurrent	positive	recurrente
recurrent	sadness	malentendido
recurrent	surprise	de malentendido
recurrent	trust	recurrente
misunderstanding	anger	recurrente
misunderstanding	anticipation	recurrente
misunderstanding	disgust	malentendido
misunderstanding	fear	de malentendido
misunderstanding	joy	de malentendido
misunderstanding	negative	de malentendido
misunderstanding	positive	malentendido
misunderstanding	sadness	de malentendido
misunderstanding	surprise	de malentendido
misunderstanding	trust	de malentendido
remittance	anger	remittance
remittance	anticipation	remittance
remittance	disgust	remittance
remittance	fear	remittance
remittance	joy	remittance
remittance	negative	remittance
remittance	positive	remittance
remittance	sadness	remittance
remittance	surprise	remittance
remittance	trust	remittance
arouse	anger	despertar
arouse	anticipation	despertar
arouse	disgust	despertar
arouse	fear	despertar
arouse	joy	despertar
arouse	negative	despertar
arouse	positive	despertar
arouse	sadness	despertar
arouse	surprise	despertar
arouse	trust	despertar
verified	anger	verificado
verified	anticipation	verificó
verified	disgust	verificó
verified	fear	verificado
verified	joy	verificó
verified	negative	verificado
verified	positive	verificó
verified	sadness	verificado
verified	surprise	verificó
verified	trust	verificado
sore	anger	dolorido
sore	anticipation	dolorido
sore	disgust	dolorido
sore	fear	dolorido
sore	joy	dolorido
sore	negative	dolorido
sore	positive	dolorido
sore	sadness	acceso
sore	surprise	de acceso
sore	trust	dolorido
access	anger	dolorido
access	anticipation	dolorido
access	disgust	acceso
access	fear	de acceso
access	joy	de acceso
access	negative	de acceso
access	positive	acceso
access	sadness	de acceso
access	surprise	de acceso
access	trust	de acceso
confer	anger	confiere
confer	anticipation	conferir
confer	disgust	conferir
confer	fear	conferir
confer	joy	conferir
confer	negative	conferir
confer	positive	conferir
confer	sadness	conferir
confer	surprise	conferir
confer	trust	conferir
board	anger	tablero
board	anticipation	de tablero
board	disgust	de tablero
board	fear	de tablero
board	joy	tablero
board	negative	de tablero
board	positive	de tablero
board	sadness	de tablero
board	surprise	tablero
board	trust	de tablero
smuggle	anger	smuggle
smuggle	anticipation	smuggle
smuggle	disgust	smuggle
smuggle	fear	smuggle
smuggle	joy	smuggle
smuggle	negative	smuggle
smuggle	positive	smuggle
smuggle	sadness	smuggle
smuggle	surprise	smuggle
smuggle	trust	smuggle
liberalism	anger	liberalismo
liberalism	anticipation	de liberalismo
liberalism	disgust	de liberalismo
liberalism	fear	de liberalismo
liberalism	joy	liberalismo
liberalism	negative	de liberalismo
liberalism	positive	de liberalismo
liberalism	sadness	de liberalismo
liberalism	surprise	liberalismo
liberalism	trust	de liberalismo
hilarious	anger	hilarious
hilarious	anticipation	hilarious
hilarious	disgust	hilarious
hilarious	fear	hilarious
hilarious	joy	hilarious
hilarious	negative	hilarious
hilarious	positive	hilarious
hilarious	sadness	hilarious
hilarious	surprise	hilarious
hilarious	trust	hilarious
saxophone	anger	saxófono
saxophone	anticipation	de saxófono
saxophone	disgust	de saxófono
saxophone	fear	de saxófono
saxophone	joy	saxófono
saxophone	negative	de saxófono
saxophone	positive	de saxófono
saxophone	sadness	de saxófono
saxophone	surprise	reciprocidad
saxophone	trust	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	anger	de saxófono
reciprocity	anticipation	de saxófono
reciprocity	disgust	reciprocidad
reciprocity	fear	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	joy	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	negative	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	positive	reciprocidad
reciprocity	sadness	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	surprise	de reciprocidad
reciprocity	trust	de reciprocidad
land	anger	tierra
land	anticipation	de tierra
land	disgust	de tierra
land	fear	de tierra
land	joy	tierra
land	negative	de tierra
land	positive	de tierra
land	sadness	de tierra
land	surprise	regimiento
land	trust	de regimiento
regiment	anger	de tierra
regiment	anticipation	de tierra
regiment	disgust	regimiento
regiment	fear	de regimiento
regiment	joy	de regimiento
regiment	negative	de regimiento
regiment	positive	regimiento
regiment	sadness	de regimiento
regiment	surprise	de regimiento
regiment	trust	de regimiento
tutor	anger	tutor
tutor	anticipation	de tutor
tutor	disgust	de tutor
tutor	fear	de tutor
tutor	joy	tutor
tutor	negative	de tutor
tutor	positive	de tutor
tutor	sadness	de tutor
tutor	surprise	tutor
tutor	trust	de tutor
unassisted	anger	unassisted
unassisted	anticipation	unassisted
unassisted	disgust	unassisted
unassisted	fear	unassisted
unassisted	joy	unassisted
unassisted	negative	unassisted
unassisted	positive	unassisted
unassisted	sadness	unassisted
unassisted	surprise	unassisted
unassisted	trust	unassisted
elaborate	anger	elaborar
elaborate	anticipation	elaborar
elaborate	disgust	elaborar
elaborate	fear	elaborar
elaborate	joy	elaborar
elaborate	negative	elaborar
elaborate	positive	elaborar
elaborate	sadness	elaborar
elaborate	surprise	elaborar
elaborate	trust	elaborar
thesaurus	anger	thesaurus
thesaurus	anticipation	thesaurus
thesaurus	disgust	thesaurus
thesaurus	fear	thesaurus
thesaurus	joy	thesaurus
thesaurus	negative	thesaurus
thesaurus	positive	thesaurus
thesaurus	sadness	thesaurus
thesaurus	surprise	thesaurus
thesaurus	trust	thesaurus
pyrotechnics	anger	pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	anticipation	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	disgust	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	fear	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	joy	pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	negative	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	positive	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	sadness	de pirotecnia
pyrotechnics	surprise	enciclopedia
pyrotechnics	trust	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	anger	de pirotecnia
encyclopedia	anticipation	de pirotecnia
encyclopedia	disgust	enciclopedia
encyclopedia	fear	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	joy	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	negative	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	positive	enciclopedia
encyclopedia	sadness	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	surprise	de enciclopedia
encyclopedia	trust	de enciclopedia
nicotine	anger	nicotina
nicotine	anticipation	de nicotina
nicotine	disgust	de nicotina
nicotine	fear	de nicotina
nicotine	joy	nicotina
nicotine	negative	de nicotina
nicotine	positive	de nicotina
nicotine	sadness	de nicotina
nicotine	surprise	senador
nicotine	trust	de senador
senator	anger	de nicotina
senator	anticipation	de nicotina
senator	disgust	senador
senator	fear	de senador
senator	joy	de senador
senator	negative	de senador
senator	positive	senador
senator	sadness	de senador
senator	surprise	de senador
senator	trust	de senador
guts	anger	guts
guts	anticipation	guts
guts	disgust	guts
guts	fear	guts
guts	joy	guts
guts	negative	guts
guts	positive	guts
guts	sadness	guts
guts	surprise	guts
guts	trust	guts
grasp	anger	coger
grasp	anticipation	coger
grasp	disgust	coger
grasp	fear	coger
grasp	joy	coger
grasp	negative	coger
grasp	positive	coger
grasp	sadness	coger
grasp	surprise	coger
grasp	trust	coger
lots	anger	parcelas
lots	anticipation	de parcelas
lots	disgust	de parcelas
lots	fear	de parcelas
lots	joy	parcelas
lots	negative	de parcelas
lots	positive	de parcelas
lots	sadness	de parcelas
lots	surprise	parcelas
lots	trust	de parcelas
regurgitation	anger	regurgitation
regurgitation	anticipation	regurgitation
regurgitation	disgust	regurgitation
regurgitation	fear	regurgitation
regurgitation	joy	regurgitation
regurgitation	negative	regurgitation
regurgitation	positive	regurgitation
regurgitation	sadness	regurgitation
regurgitation	surprise	regurgitation
regurgitation	trust	regurgitation
armada	anger	armada
armada	anticipation	armada
armada	disgust	armada
armada	fear	armada
armada	joy	armada
armada	negative	armada
armada	positive	armada
armada	sadness	armada
armada	surprise	armada
armada	trust	armada
cloudiness	anger	nubosidad
cloudiness	anticipation	de nubosidad
cloudiness	disgust	de nubosidad
cloudiness	fear	de nubosidad
cloudiness	joy	nubosidad
cloudiness	negative	de nubosidad
cloudiness	positive	de nubosidad
cloudiness	sadness	de nubosidad
cloudiness	surprise	nubosidad
cloudiness	trust	de nubosidad
pastime	anger	pastime
pastime	anticipation	pastime
pastime	disgust	pastime
pastime	fear	pastime
pastime	joy	pastime
pastime	negative	pastime
pastime	positive	pastime
pastime	sadness	pastime
pastime	surprise	pastime
pastime	trust	pastime
pasty	anger	pastoso
pasty	anticipation	pastoso
pasty	disgust	pastoso
pasty	fear	pastoso
pasty	joy	pastoso
pasty	negative	pastoso
pasty	positive	pastoso
pasty	sadness	pastoso
pasty	surprise	pastoso
pasty	trust	pastoso
urban	anger	urbano
urban	anticipation	urbano
urban	disgust	urbano
urban	fear	urbano
urban	joy	urbano
urban	negative	urbano
urban	positive	urbano
urban	sadness	fumador
urban	surprise	de fumador
urban	trust	urbano
smoker	anger	urbano
smoker	anticipation	urbano
smoker	disgust	fumador
smoker	fear	de fumador
smoker	joy	de fumador
smoker	negative	de fumador
smoker	positive	fumador
smoker	sadness	de fumador
smoker	surprise	de fumador
smoker	trust	de fumador
regress	anger	regress
regress	anticipation	regress
regress	disgust	regress
regress	fear	regress
regress	joy	regress
regress	negative	regress
regress	positive	regress
regress	sadness	regress
regress	surprise	regress
regress	trust	regress
peasant	anger	villano
peasant	anticipation	villano
peasant	disgust	villano
peasant	fear	villano
peasant	joy	villano
peasant	negative	villano
peasant	positive	campesino
peasant	sadness	villano
peasant	surprise	villano
peasant	trust	villano
fabrication	anger	fabrication
fabrication	anticipation	fabrication
fabrication	disgust	fabrication
fabrication	fear	fabrication
fabrication	joy	fabrication
fabrication	negative	fabrication
fabrication	positive	fabrication
fabrication	sadness	fabrication
fabrication	surprise	fabrication
fabrication	trust	fabrication
changeable	anger	cambiable
changeable	anticipation	cambiable
changeable	disgust	cambiable
changeable	fear	cambiable
changeable	joy	cambiable
changeable	negative	cambiable
changeable	positive	cambiable
changeable	sadness	cambiable
changeable	surprise	cambiable
changeable	trust	cambiable
snip	anger	snip
snip	anticipation	snip
snip	disgust	snip
snip	fear	snip
snip	joy	snip
snip	negative	snip
snip	positive	snip
snip	sadness	snip
snip	surprise	snip
snip	trust	snip
skeleton	anger	esqueleto
skeleton	anticipation	de esqueleto
skeleton	disgust	de esqueleto
skeleton	fear	de esqueleto
skeleton	joy	esqueleto
skeleton	negative	de esqueleto
skeleton	positive	de esqueleto
skeleton	sadness	de esqueleto
skeleton	surprise	esqueleto
skeleton	trust	de esqueleto
stupor	anger	stupor
stupor	anticipation	stupor
stupor	disgust	stupor
stupor	fear	stupor
stupor	joy	stupor
stupor	negative	stupor
stupor	positive	stupor
stupor	sadness	stupor
stupor	surprise	stupor
stupor	trust	stupor
viscosity	anger	viscosity
viscosity	anticipation	viscosity
viscosity	disgust	viscosity
viscosity	fear	viscosity
viscosity	joy	viscosity
viscosity	negative	viscosity
viscosity	positive	viscosity
viscosity	sadness	viscosity
viscosity	surprise	viscosity
viscosity	trust	viscosity
regretted	anger	lamentó
regretted	anticipation	lamentado
regretted	disgust	lamentó
regretted	fear	lamentado
regretted	joy	lamentó
regretted	negative	lamentado
regretted	positive	lamentó
regretted	sadness	lamentado
regretted	surprise	lamentó
regretted	trust	caballero
knight	anger	de caballero
knight	anticipation	de caballero
knight	disgust	lamentado
knight	fear	caballero
knight	joy	de caballero
knight	negative	de caballero
knight	positive	de caballero
knight	sadness	caballero
knight	surprise	de caballero
knight	trust	del caballero
inequitable	anger	inequitable
inequitable	anticipation	inequitable
inequitable	disgust	inequitable
inequitable	fear	inequitable
inequitable	joy	inequitable
inequitable	negative	inequitable
inequitable	positive	inequitable
inequitable	sadness	inequitable
inequitable	surprise	inequitable
inequitable	trust	inequitable
tribunal	anger	tribunal
tribunal	anticipation	tribunal
tribunal	disgust	tribunal
tribunal	fear	tribunal
tribunal	joy	tribunal
tribunal	negative	tribunal
tribunal	positive	tribunal
tribunal	sadness	tribunal
tribunal	surprise	tribunal
tribunal	trust	tribunal
publicity	anger	publicidad
publicity	anticipation	de publicidad
publicity	disgust	de publicidad
publicity	fear	de publicidad
publicity	joy	publicidad
publicity	negative	de publicidad
publicity	positive	de publicidad
publicity	sadness	de publicidad
publicity	surprise	publicidad
publicity	trust	de publicidad
upright	anger	íntegra
upright	anticipation	íntegro
upright	disgust	íntegro
upright	fear	íntegro
upright	joy	íntegro
upright	negative	íntegro
upright	positive	íntegro
upright	sadness	espectador
upright	surprise	de espectador
upright	trust	íntegro
spectator	anger	íntegro
spectator	anticipation	íntegro
spectator	disgust	espectador
spectator	fear	de espectador
spectator	joy	de espectador
spectator	negative	de espectador
spectator	positive	espectador
spectator	sadness	de espectador
spectator	surprise	de espectador
spectator	trust	de espectador
pox	anger	pox
pox	anticipation	pox
pox	disgust	pox
pox	fear	pox
pox	joy	pox
pox	negative	pox
pox	positive	pox
pox	sadness	pox
pox	surprise	pox
pox	trust	pox
polarity	anger	polaridad
polarity	anticipation	de polaridad
polarity	disgust	de polaridad
polarity	fear	de polaridad
polarity	joy	polaridad
polarity	negative	de polaridad
polarity	positive	de polaridad
polarity	sadness	de polaridad
polarity	surprise	polaridad
polarity	trust	de polaridad
sequestration	anger	sequestration
sequestration	anticipation	sequestration
sequestration	disgust	sequestration
sequestration	fear	sequestration
sequestration	joy	sequestration
sequestration	negative	sequestration
sequestration	positive	sequestration
sequestration	sadness	sequestration
sequestration	surprise	sequestration
sequestration	trust	sequestration
parchment	anger	pergamino
parchment	anticipation	de pergamino
parchment	disgust	de pergamino
parchment	fear	de pergamino
parchment	joy	pergamino
parchment	negative	de pergamino
parchment	positive	de pergamino
parchment	sadness	de pergamino
parchment	surprise	insignia
parchment	trust	de insignia
insignia	anger	de pergamino
insignia	anticipation	de pergamino
insignia	disgust	insignia
insignia	fear	de insignia
insignia	joy	de insignia
insignia	negative	de insignia
insignia	positive	insignia
insignia	sadness	de insignia
insignia	surprise	de insignia
insignia	trust	de insignia
authority	anger	autoridad
authority	anticipation	de autoridad
authority	disgust	de autoridad
authority	fear	de autoridad
authority	joy	autoridad
authority	negative	de autoridad
authority	positive	de autoridad
authority	sadness	de autoridad
authority	surprise	corredor
authority	trust	de corredor
runner	anger	de autoridad
runner	anticipation	de autoridad
runner	disgust	corredor
runner	fear	de corredor
runner	joy	de corredor
runner	negative	de corredor
runner	positive	corredor
runner	sadness	de corredor
runner	surprise	de corredor
runner	trust	de corredor
trigger	anger	gatillo
trigger	anticipation	de gatillo
trigger	disgust	de gatillo
trigger	fear	de gatillo
trigger	joy	gatillo
trigger	negative	de gatillo
trigger	positive	de gatillo
trigger	sadness	de gatillo
trigger	surprise	gatillo
trigger	trust	de gatillo
outstanding	anger	excepcional
outstanding	anticipation	excepcional
outstanding	disgust	excepcional
outstanding	fear	excepcional
outstanding	joy	excepcional
outstanding	negative	excepcional
outstanding	positive	excepcional
outstanding	sadness	excepcional
outstanding	surprise	excepcional
outstanding	trust	excepcional
aspartame	anger	aspartame
aspartame	anticipation	aspartame
aspartame	disgust	aspartame
aspartame	fear	aspartame
aspartame	joy	aspartame
aspartame	negative	aspartame
aspartame	positive	aspartame
aspartame	sadness	aspartame
aspartame	surprise	aspartame
aspartame	trust	aspartame
simulated	anger	simuló
simulated	anticipation	simulado
simulated	disgust	simuló
simulated	fear	simulado
simulated	joy	simuló
simulated	negative	simulado
simulated	positive	simuló
simulated	sadness	simulado
simulated	surprise	simuló
simulated	trust	observador
observer	anger	de observador
observer	anticipation	de observador
observer	disgust	simulado
observer	fear	observador
observer	joy	de observador
observer	negative	de observador
observer	positive	de observador
observer	sadness	carne
observer	surprise	de observador
observer	trust	de observador
flesh	anger	de observador
flesh	anticipation	carne
flesh	disgust	de carne
flesh	fear	de carne
flesh	joy	de carne
flesh	negative	carne
flesh	positive	de carne
flesh	sadness	de carne
flesh	surprise	de carne
flesh	trust	carne
runes	anger	runes
runes	anticipation	runes
runes	disgust	runes
runes	fear	runes
runes	joy	runes
runes	negative	runes
runes	positive	runes
runes	sadness	runes
runes	surprise	runes
runes	trust	runes
defer	anger	defer
defer	anticipation	defer
defer	disgust	defer
defer	fear	defer
defer	joy	defer
defer	negative	defer
defer	positive	defer
defer	sadness	defer
defer	surprise	defer
defer	trust	defer
fussy	anger	fussy
fussy	anticipation	fussy
fussy	disgust	fussy
fussy	fear	fussy
fussy	joy	fussy
fussy	negative	fussy
fussy	positive	fussy
fussy	sadness	fussy
fussy	surprise	fussy
fussy	trust	fussy
beauty	anger	belleza
beauty	anticipation	de belleza
beauty	disgust	de belleza
beauty	fear	de belleza
beauty	joy	belleza
beauty	negative	de belleza
beauty	positive	de belleza
beauty	sadness	de belleza
beauty	surprise	contexto
beauty	trust	de contexto
context	anger	de belleza
context	anticipation	de belleza
context	disgust	contexto
context	fear	de contexto
context	joy	de contexto
context	negative	de contexto
context	positive	contexto
context	sadness	de contexto
context	surprise	de contexto
context	trust	de contexto
communism	anger	comunismo
communism	anticipation	de comunismo
communism	disgust	de comunismo
communism	fear	de comunismo
communism	joy	comunismo
communism	negative	de comunismo
communism	positive	de comunismo
communism	sadness	de comunismo
communism	surprise	ademán
communism	trust	de ademán
demeanor	anger	de comunismo
demeanor	anticipation	de comunismo
demeanor	disgust	ademán
demeanor	fear	de ademán
demeanor	joy	de ademán
demeanor	negative	de ademán
demeanor	positive	ademán
demeanor	sadness	de ademán
demeanor	surprise	de ademán
demeanor	trust	de ademán
situation	anger	situación
situation	anticipation	de situación
situation	disgust	de situación
situation	fear	de situación
situation	joy	situación
situation	negative	de situación
situation	positive	de situación
situation	sadness	de situación
situation	surprise	situación
situation	trust	de situación
nervousness	anger	nervousness
nervousness	anticipation	nervousness
nervousness	disgust	nervousness
nervousness	fear	nervousness
nervousness	joy	nervousness
nervousness	negative	nervousness
nervousness	positive	nervousness
nervousness	sadness	nervousness
nervousness	surprise	nervousness
nervousness	trust	nervousness
laundry	anger	ropa sucia
laundry	anticipation	de ropa sucia
laundry	disgust	de ropa sucia
laundry	fear	de ropa sucia
laundry	joy	ropa sucia
laundry	negative	de ropa sucia
laundry	positive	de ropa sucia
laundry	sadness	de ropa sucia
laundry	surprise	ropa sucia
laundry	trust	de ropa sucia
dine	anger	cena
dine	anticipation	cenar
dine	disgust	cenar
dine	fear	cenar
dine	joy	cenar
dine	negative	cenar
dine	positive	cenar
dine	sadness	cenar
dine	surprise	cenar
dine	trust	cenar
emir	anger	emir
emir	anticipation	de emir
emir	disgust	de emir
emir	fear	de emir
emir	joy	emir
emir	negative	de emir
emir	positive	de emir
emir	sadness	de emir
emir	surprise	emir
emir	trust	de emir
supported	anger	soportado
supported	anticipation	soportado
supported	disgust	soportado
supported	fear	soportado
supported	joy	soportado
supported	negative	soportado
supported	positive	soportado
supported	sadness	precesión
supported	surprise	de precesión
supported	trust	soportada
precession	anger	soportada
precession	anticipation	soportada
precession	disgust	precesión
precession	fear	de precesión
precession	joy	de precesión
precession	negative	de precesión
precession	positive	precesión
precession	sadness	de precesión
precession	surprise	de precesión
precession	trust	de precesión
note	anger	nota
note	anticipation	de nota
note	disgust	de nota
note	fear	de nota
note	joy	nota
note	negative	de nota
note	positive	de nota
note	sadness	de nota
note	surprise	naturaleza
note	trust	de naturaleza
nature	anger	de nota
nature	anticipation	de nota
nature	disgust	naturaleza
nature	fear	de naturaleza
nature	joy	de naturaleza
nature	negative	de naturaleza
nature	positive	naturaleza
nature	sadness	de naturaleza
nature	surprise	de naturaleza
nature	trust	de naturaleza
brink	anger	borde
brink	anticipation	de borde
brink	disgust	de borde
brink	fear	de borde
brink	joy	borde
brink	negative	de borde
brink	positive	de borde
brink	sadness	de borde
brink	surprise	borde
brink	trust	de borde
flanking	anger	flanking
flanking	anticipation	flanking
flanking	disgust	flanking
flanking	fear	flanking
flanking	joy	flanking
flanking	negative	flanking
flanking	positive	flanking
flanking	sadness	flanking
flanking	surprise	flanking
flanking	trust	flanking
amend	anger	enmendar
amend	anticipation	enmendar
amend	disgust	enmendar
amend	fear	enmendar
amend	joy	enmendar
amend	negative	enmendar
amend	positive	enmendar
amend	sadness	enmendar
amend	surprise	enmendar
amend	trust	enmendar
undressed	anger	desnudado
undressed	anticipation	desnudó
undressed	disgust	desnudado
undressed	fear	desnudó
undressed	joy	desnudó
undressed	negative	desnudado
undressed	positive	desnudó
undressed	sadness	desnudado
undressed	surprise	desnudó
undressed	trust	desnudado
revenge	anger	revenge
revenge	anticipation	revenge
revenge	disgust	revenge
revenge	fear	revenge
revenge	joy	revenge
revenge	negative	revenge
revenge	positive	revenge
revenge	sadness	revenge
revenge	surprise	revenge
revenge	trust	revenge
eye	anger	ojo
eye	anticipation	de ojo
eye	disgust	de ojo
eye	fear	de ojo
eye	joy	ojo
eye	negative	de ojo
eye	positive	de ojo
eye	sadness	de ojo
eye	surprise	ojo
eye	trust	de ojo
chant	anger	chant
chant	anticipation	chant
chant	disgust	chant
chant	fear	chant
chant	joy	chant
chant	negative	chant
chant	positive	chant
chant	sadness	chant
chant	surprise	chant
chant	trust	chant
keeping	anger	manteniendo
keeping	anticipation	manteniendo
keeping	disgust	manteniendo
keeping	fear	manteniendo
keeping	joy	manteniendo
keeping	negative	manteniendo
keeping	positive	manteniendo
keeping	sadness	manteniendo
keeping	surprise	manteniendo
keeping	trust	manteniendo
psychics	anger	psychics
psychics	anticipation	psychics
psychics	disgust	psychics
psychics	fear	psychics
psychics	joy	psychics
psychics	negative	psychics
psychics	positive	psychics
psychics	sadness	psychics
psychics	surprise	psychics
psychics	trust	psychics
perfection	anger	perfección
perfection	anticipation	de perfección
perfection	disgust	de perfección
perfection	fear	de perfección
perfection	joy	perfección
perfection	negative	de perfección
perfection	positive	de perfección
perfection	sadness	de perfección
perfection	surprise	jungla
perfection	trust	de jungla
jungle	anger	de perfección
jungle	anticipation	de perfección
jungle	disgust	jungla
jungle	fear	de jungla
jungle	joy	de jungla
jungle	negative	de jungla
jungle	positive	jungla
jungle	sadness	de jungla
jungle	surprise	de jungla
jungle	trust	de jungla
roc	anger	roc
roc	anticipation	roc
roc	disgust	roc
roc	fear	roc
roc	joy	roc
roc	negative	roc
roc	positive	roc
roc	sadness	roc
roc	surprise	roc
roc	trust	roc
market	anger	mercado
market	anticipation	de mercado
market	disgust	de mercado
market	fear	de mercado
market	joy	mercado
market	negative	de mercado
market	positive	de mercado
market	sadness	de mercado
market	surprise	cisne
market	trust	de cisne
swan	anger	de mercado
swan	anticipation	de mercado
swan	disgust	cisne
swan	fear	de cisne
swan	joy	de cisne
swan	negative	de cisne
swan	positive	cisne
swan	sadness	de cisne
swan	surprise	de cisne
swan	trust	de cisne
cloak	anger	cloak
cloak	anticipation	cloak
cloak	disgust	cloak
cloak	fear	cloak
cloak	joy	cloak
cloak	negative	cloak
cloak	positive	cloak
cloak	sadness	cloak
cloak	surprise	cloak
cloak	trust	cloak
fight	anger	lucha
fight	anticipation	de lucha
fight	disgust	de lucha
fight	fear	de lucha
fight	joy	lucha
fight	negative	de lucha
fight	positive	de lucha
fight	sadness	de lucha
fight	surprise	lucha
fight	trust	de lucha
straits	anger	straits
straits	anticipation	straits
straits	disgust	straits
straits	fear	straits
straits	joy	straits
straits	negative	straits
straits	positive	straits
straits	sadness	straits
straits	surprise	straits
straits	trust	straits
despair	anger	desesperación
despair	anticipation	de desesperación
despair	disgust	de desesperación
despair	fear	de desesperación
despair	joy	desesperación
despair	negative	de desesperación
despair	positive	de desesperación
despair	sadness	de desesperación
despair	surprise	desesperación
despair	trust	de desesperación
colossal	anger	colosal
colossal	anticipation	colosal
colossal	disgust	colosal
colossal	fear	colosal
colossal	joy	colosal
colossal	negative	colosal
colossal	positive	colosal
colossal	sadness	cordón
colossal	surprise	de cordón
colossal	trust	colosal
cord	anger	colosal
cord	anticipation	colosal
cord	disgust	cordón
cord	fear	de cordón
cord	joy	de cordón
cord	negative	de cordón
cord	positive	cordón
cord	sadness	de cordón
cord	surprise	de cordón
cord	trust	de cordón
vomit	anger	vómito
vomit	anticipation	de vómito
vomit	disgust	de vómito
vomit	fear	de vómito
vomit	joy	vómito
vomit	negative	de vómito
vomit	positive	de vómito
vomit	sadness	de vómito
vomit	surprise	vómito
vomit	trust	de vómito
western	anger	occidental
western	anticipation	occidental
western	disgust	occidental
western	fear	occidental
western	joy	occidental
western	negative	occidental
western	positive	occidental
western	sadness	occidental
western	surprise	occidental
western	trust	occidental
chirp	anger	chirp
chirp	anticipation	chirp
chirp	disgust	chirp
chirp	fear	chirp
chirp	joy	chirp
chirp	negative	chirp
chirp	positive	chirp
chirp	sadness	chirp
chirp	surprise	chirp
chirp	trust	chirp
robbery	anger	robo
robbery	anticipation	de robo
robbery	disgust	de robo
robbery	fear	de robo
robbery	joy	robo
robbery	negative	de robo
robbery	positive	de robo
robbery	sadness	de robo
robbery	surprise	rizo
robbery	trust	de rizo
curl	anger	de robo
curl	anticipation	de robo
curl	disgust	rizo
curl	fear	de rizo
curl	joy	de rizo
curl	negative	de rizo
curl	positive	rizo
curl	sadness	de rizo
curl	surprise	de rizo
curl	trust	de rizo
race	anger	carrera
race	anticipation	de carrera
race	disgust	de carrera
race	fear	de carrera
race	joy	carrera
race	negative	de carrera
race	positive	de carrera
race	sadness	de carrera
race	surprise	carrera
race	trust	de carrera
substantive	anger	sustantiva
substantive	anticipation	sustantivo
substantive	disgust	sustantivo
substantive	fear	sustantivo
substantive	joy	sustantivo
substantive	negative	sustantivo
substantive	positive	sustantivo
substantive	sadness	sustantivo
substantive	surprise	sustantivo
substantive	trust	sustantivo
sorting	anger	ordenando
sorting	anticipation	ordenando
sorting	disgust	ordenando
sorting	fear	ordenando
sorting	joy	ordenando
sorting	negative	ordenando
sorting	positive	ordenando
sorting	sadness	ordenando
sorting	surprise	ordenando
sorting	trust	ordenando
mastermind	anger	cerebro
mastermind	anticipation	de cerebro
mastermind	disgust	de cerebro
mastermind	fear	de cerebro
mastermind	joy	cerebro
mastermind	negative	de cerebro
mastermind	positive	de cerebro
mastermind	sadness	de cerebro
mastermind	surprise	cerebro
mastermind	trust	de cerebro
ensemble	anger	ensemble
ensemble	anticipation	ensemble
ensemble	disgust	ensemble
ensemble	fear	ensemble
ensemble	joy	ensemble
ensemble	negative	ensemble
ensemble	positive	ensemble
ensemble	sadness	ensemble
ensemble	surprise	ensemble
ensemble	trust	ensemble
quart	anger	quart
quart	anticipation	quart
quart	disgust	quart
quart	fear	quart
quart	joy	quart
quart	negative	quart
quart	positive	quart
quart	sadness	quart
quart	surprise	quart
quart	trust	quart
backfire	anger	backfire
backfire	anticipation	backfire
backfire	disgust	backfire
backfire	fear	backfire
backfire	joy	backfire
backfire	negative	backfire
backfire	positive	backfire
backfire	sadness	backfire
backfire	surprise	backfire
backfire	trust	backfire
partially	anger	parcialmente
partially	anticipation	parcialmente
partially	disgust	parcialmente
partially	fear	parcialmente
partially	joy	parcialmente
partially	negative	parcialmente
partially	positive	parcialmente
partially	sadness	parcialmente
partially	surprise	parcialmente
partially	trust	parcialmente
astronomy	anger	astronomía
astronomy	anticipation	de astronomía
astronomy	disgust	de astronomía
astronomy	fear	de astronomía
astronomy	joy	astronomía
astronomy	negative	de astronomía
astronomy	positive	de astronomía
astronomy	sadness	de astronomía
astronomy	surprise	instructor
astronomy	trust	de instructor
instructor	anger	de astronomía
instructor	anticipation	de astronomía
instructor	disgust	instructor
instructor	fear	de instructor
instructor	joy	de instructor
instructor	negative	de instructor
instructor	positive	instructor
instructor	sadness	de instructor
instructor	surprise	de instructor
instructor	trust	de instructor
capitulation	anger	capitulación
capitulation	anticipation	de capitulación
capitulation	disgust	de capitulación
capitulation	fear	de capitulación
capitulation	joy	capitulación
capitulation	negative	de capitulación
capitulation	positive	de capitulación
capitulation	sadness	de capitulación
capitulation	surprise	capitulación
capitulation	trust	de capitulación
top	anger	superior
top	anticipation	superior
top	disgust	superior
top	fear	superior
top	joy	superior
top	negative	superior
top	positive	superior
top	sadness	abundancia
top	surprise	de abundancia
top	trust	superior
abundance	anger	superior
abundance	anticipation	superior
abundance	disgust	abundancia
abundance	fear	de abundancia
abundance	joy	de abundancia
abundance	negative	de abundancia
abundance	positive	abundancia
abundance	sadness	de abundancia
abundance	surprise	de abundancia
abundance	trust	de abundancia
quinine	anger	quinina
quinine	anticipation	de quinina
quinine	disgust	de quinina
quinine	fear	de quinina
quinine	joy	quinina
quinine	negative	de quinina
quinine	positive	de quinina
quinine	sadness	de quinina
quinine	surprise	quinina
quinine	trust	de quinina
flanked	anger	flanked
flanked	anticipation	flanked
flanked	disgust	flanked
flanked	fear	flanked
flanked	joy	flanked
flanked	negative	flanked
flanked	positive	flanked
flanked	sadness	flanked
flanked	surprise	flanked
flanked	trust	flanked
relevancy	anger	relevancy
relevancy	anticipation	relevancy
relevancy	disgust	relevancy
relevancy	fear	relevancy
relevancy	joy	relevancy
relevancy	negative	relevancy
relevancy	positive	relevancy
relevancy	sadness	relevancy
relevancy	surprise	relevancy
relevancy	trust	relevancy
wicket	anger	wicket
wicket	anticipation	wicket
wicket	disgust	wicket
wicket	fear	wicket
wicket	joy	wicket
wicket	negative	wicket
wicket	positive	wicket
wicket	sadness	wicket
wicket	surprise	wicket
wicket	trust	wicket
ubiquitous	anger	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	anticipation	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	disgust	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	fear	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	joy	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	negative	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	positive	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	sadness	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	surprise	ubiquitous
ubiquitous	trust	ubiquitous
sludge	anger	sludge
sludge	anticipation	sludge
sludge	disgust	sludge
sludge	fear	sludge
sludge	joy	sludge
sludge	negative	sludge
sludge	positive	sludge
sludge	sadness	sludge
sludge	surprise	sludge
sludge	trust	sludge
smite	anger	golpear
smite	anticipation	golpear
smite	disgust	golpear
smite	fear	golpear
smite	joy	golpear
smite	negative	golpear
smite	positive	golpear
smite	sadness	golpear
smite	surprise	golpear
smite	trust	golpear
barrel	anger	barril
barrel	anticipation	de barril
barrel	disgust	de barril
barrel	fear	de barril
barrel	joy	barril
barrel	negative	de barril
barrel	positive	de barril
barrel	sadness	de barril
barrel	surprise	barril
barrel	trust	de barril
weakened	anger	debilitó
weakened	anticipation	debilitado
weakened	disgust	debilitó
weakened	fear	debilitado
weakened	joy	debilitó
weakened	negative	debilitado
weakened	positive	debilitó
weakened	sadness	debilitado
weakened	surprise	debilitó
weakened	trust	debilitado
readily	anger	fácilmente
readily	anticipation	fácilmente
readily	disgust	fácilmente
readily	fear	fácilmente
readily	joy	fácilmente
readily	negative	fácilmente
readily	positive	fácilmente
readily	sadness	fácilmente
readily	surprise	fácilmente
readily	trust	fácilmente
professional	anger	profesional
professional	anticipation	profesional
professional	disgust	profesional
professional	fear	profesional
professional	joy	profesional
professional	negative	profesional
professional	positive	profesional
professional	sadness	profesional
professional	surprise	profesional
professional	trust	profesional
admissible	anger	admisible
admissible	anticipation	admisible
admissible	disgust	admisible
admissible	fear	admisible
admissible	joy	admisible
admissible	negative	admisible
admissible	positive	admisible
admissible	sadness	geografía
admissible	surprise	de geografía
admissible	trust	admisible
geography	anger	admisible
geography	anticipation	admisible
geography	disgust	geografía
geography	fear	de geografía
geography	joy	de geografía
geography	negative	de geografía
geography	positive	geografía
geography	sadness	de geografía
geography	surprise	de geografía
geography	trust	de geografía
bunch	anger	ramo
bunch	anticipation	de ramo
bunch	disgust	de ramo
bunch	fear	de ramo
bunch	joy	ramo
bunch	negative	de ramo
bunch	positive	de ramo
bunch	sadness	de ramo
bunch	surprise	ramo
bunch	trust	de ramo
lustful	anger	lustful
lustful	anticipation	lustful
lustful	disgust	lustful
lustful	fear	lustful
lustful	joy	lustful
lustful	negative	lustful
lustful	positive	lustful
lustful	sadness	lustful
lustful	surprise	lustful
lustful	trust	lustful
salve	anger	salve
salve	anticipation	salve
salve	disgust	salve
salve	fear	salve
salve	joy	salve
salve	negative	salve
salve	positive	salve
salve	sadness	salve
salve	surprise	salve
salve	trust	salve
keg	anger	keg
keg	anticipation	keg
keg	disgust	keg
keg	fear	keg
keg	joy	keg
keg	negative	keg
keg	positive	keg
keg	sadness	keg
keg	surprise	keg
keg	trust	keg
directly	anger	directamente
directly	anticipation	directamente
directly	disgust	directamente
directly	fear	directamente
directly	joy	directamente
directly	negative	directamente
directly	positive	directamente
directly	sadness	directamente
directly	surprise	directamente
directly	trust	directamente
eclipse	anger	eclipse
eclipse	anticipation	de eclipse
eclipse	disgust	de eclipse
eclipse	fear	de eclipse
eclipse	joy	eclipse
eclipse	negative	de eclipse
eclipse	positive	de eclipse
eclipse	sadness	de eclipse
eclipse	surprise	oración
eclipse	trust	de oración
prayer	anger	de eclipse
prayer	anticipation	de eclipse
prayer	disgust	oración
prayer	fear	de oración
prayer	joy	de oración
prayer	negative	de oración
prayer	positive	oración
prayer	sadness	de oración
prayer	surprise	de oración
prayer	trust	de oración
gory	anger	gory
gory	anticipation	gory
gory	disgust	gory
gory	fear	gory
gory	joy	gory
gory	negative	gory
gory	positive	gory
gory	sadness	gory
gory	surprise	gory
gory	trust	gory
laser	anger	láser
laser	anticipation	de láser
laser	disgust	de láser
laser	fear	de láser
laser	joy	láser
laser	negative	de láser
laser	positive	de láser
laser	sadness	de láser
laser	surprise	tornado
laser	trust	de tornado
tornado	anger	de láser
tornado	anticipation	de láser
tornado	disgust	tornado
tornado	fear	de tornado
tornado	joy	de tornado
tornado	negative	de tornado
tornado	positive	tornado
tornado	sadness	de tornado
tornado	surprise	de tornado
tornado	trust	de tornado
entrepreneur	anger	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	anticipation	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	disgust	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	fear	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	joy	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	negative	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	positive	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	sadness	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	surprise	entrepreneur
entrepreneur	trust	entrepreneur
setter	anger	setter
setter	anticipation	de setter
setter	disgust	de setter
setter	fear	de setter
setter	joy	setter
setter	negative	de setter
setter	positive	de setter
setter	sadness	de setter
setter	surprise	setter
setter	trust	de setter
hygienic	anger	higiénico
hygienic	anticipation	higiénico
hygienic	disgust	higiénico
hygienic	fear	higiénico
hygienic	joy	higiénico
hygienic	negative	higiénico
hygienic	positive	higiénico
hygienic	sadness	higiénico
hygienic	surprise	higiénico
hygienic	trust	higiénico
rival	anger	rival
rival	anticipation	rival
rival	disgust	rival
rival	fear	rival
rival	joy	rival
rival	negative	rival
rival	positive	rival
rival	sadness	monje
rival	surprise	de monje
rival	trust	rival
monk	anger	rival
monk	anticipation	rival
monk	disgust	monje
monk	fear	de monje
monk	joy	de monje
monk	negative	de monje
monk	positive	monje
monk	sadness	de monje
monk	surprise	de monje
monk	trust	de monje
pantheon	anger	pantheon
pantheon	anticipation	pantheon
pantheon	disgust	pantheon
pantheon	fear	pantheon
pantheon	joy	pantheon
pantheon	negative	pantheon
pantheon	positive	pantheon
pantheon	sadness	pantheon
pantheon	surprise	pantheon
pantheon	trust	pantheon
technicality	anger	technicality
technicality	anticipation	technicality
technicality	disgust	technicality
technicality	fear	technicality
technicality	joy	technicality
technicality	negative	technicality
technicality	positive	technicality
technicality	sadness	technicality
technicality	surprise	technicality
technicality	trust	technicality
courier	anger	courier
courier	anticipation	courier
courier	disgust	courier
courier	fear	courier
courier	joy	courier
courier	negative	courier
courier	positive	courier
courier	sadness	courier
courier	surprise	courier
courier	trust	courier
manifested	anger	manifestó
manifested	anticipation	manifestado
manifested	disgust	manifestó
manifested	fear	manifestado
manifested	joy	manifestó
manifested	negative	manifestado
manifested	positive	manifestó
manifested	sadness	manifestado
manifested	surprise	manifestó
manifested	trust	bordado
embroidery	anger	de bordado
embroidery	anticipation	de bordado
embroidery	disgust	manifestado
embroidery	fear	bordado
embroidery	joy	de bordado
embroidery	negative	de bordado
embroidery	positive	de bordado
embroidery	sadness	bordado
embroidery	surprise	de bordado
embroidery	trust	del bordado
nigh	anger	nigh
nigh	anticipation	nigh
nigh	disgust	nigh
nigh	fear	nigh
nigh	joy	nigh
nigh	negative	nigh
nigh	positive	nigh
nigh	sadness	nigh
nigh	surprise	nigh
nigh	trust	nigh
inter	anger	inter
inter	anticipation	
inter	disgust	inter
inter	fear	inter
inter	joy	inter
inter	negative	inter
inter	positive	inter
inter	sadness	inter
inter	surprise	inter
inter	trust	inter
culpable	anger	inter
culpable	anticipation	culpable culpable
culpable	disgust	culpable
culpable	fear	culpable
culpable	joy	culpable
culpable	negative	culpable
culpable	positive	culpable
culpable	sadness	culpable
culpable	surprise	culpable
culpable	trust	culpable
shuttle	anger	shuttle
shuttle	anticipation	
shuttle	disgust	shuttle
shuttle	fear	shuttle
shuttle	joy	shuttle
shuttle	negative	shuttle
shuttle	positive	shuttle
shuttle	sadness	shuttle
shuttle	surprise	shuttle
shuttle	trust	shuttle
lithograph	anger	shuttle
lithograph	anticipation	lithograph lithograph
lithograph	disgust	lithograph
lithograph	fear	lithograph
lithograph	joy	lithograph
lithograph	negative	lithograph
lithograph	positive	lithograph
lithograph	sadness	lithograph
lithograph	surprise	lithograph
lithograph	trust	lithograph
designing	anger	diseñando
designing	anticipation	diseñando
designing	disgust	diseñando
designing	fear	diseñando
designing	joy	diseñando
designing	negative	diseñando
designing	positive	diseñando
designing	sadness	diseñando
designing	surprise	diseñando
designing	trust	diseñando
government	anger	gobierno
government	anticipation	de gobierno
government	disgust	de gobierno
government	fear	de gobierno
government	joy	gobierno
government	negative	de gobierno
government	positive	de gobierno
government	sadness	de gobierno
government	surprise	gobierno
government	trust	de gobierno
measurable	anger	medible
measurable	anticipation	medible
measurable	disgust	medible
measurable	fear	medible
measurable	joy	medible
measurable	negative	medible
measurable	positive	medible
measurable	sadness	compañero
measurable	surprise	de compañero
measurable	trust	medible
companion	anger	medible
companion	anticipation	medible
companion	disgust	compañero
companion	fear	de compañero
companion	joy	de compañero
companion	negative	de compañero
companion	positive	compañero
companion	sadness	de compañero
companion	surprise	de compañero
companion	trust	de compañero
dynasty	anger	dinastía
dynasty	anticipation	de dinastía
dynasty	disgust	de dinastía
dynasty	fear	de dinastía
dynasty	joy	dinastía
dynasty	negative	de dinastía
dynasty	positive	de dinastía
dynasty	sadness	de dinastía
dynasty	surprise	mentor
dynasty	trust	de mentor
mentor	anger	de dinastía
mentor	anticipation	de dinastía
mentor	disgust	mentor
mentor	fear	de mentor
mentor	joy	de mentor
mentor	negative	de mentor
mentor	positive	mentor
mentor	sadness	de mentor
mentor	surprise	de mentor
mentor	trust	de mentor
deplore	anger	deplore
deplore	anticipation	deplore
deplore	disgust	deplore
deplore	fear	deplore
deplore	joy	deplore
deplore	negative	deplore
deplore	positive	deplore
deplore	sadness	deplore
deplore	surprise	deplore
deplore	trust	deplore
booby	anger	booby
booby	anticipation	booby
booby	disgust	booby
booby	fear	booby
booby	joy	booby
booby	negative	booby
booby	positive	booby
booby	sadness	booby
booby	surprise	booby
booby	trust	booby
diagnostics	anger	diagnósticos
diagnostics	anticipation	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	disgust	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	fear	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	joy	diagnósticos
diagnostics	negative	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	positive	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	sadness	de diagnósticos
diagnostics	surprise	puntero
diagnostics	trust	de puntero
pointer	anger	de diagnósticos
pointer	anticipation	de diagnósticos
pointer	disgust	puntero
pointer	fear	de puntero
pointer	joy	de puntero
pointer	negative	de puntero
pointer	positive	puntero
pointer	sadness	de puntero
pointer	surprise	de puntero
pointer	trust	de puntero que
blowing	anger	sopla
blowing	anticipation	soplando
blowing	disgust	soplando
blowing	fear	soplando
blowing	joy	soplando
blowing	negative	soplando
blowing	positive	soplando
blowing	sadness	soplando
blowing	surprise	soplando
blowing	trust	soplando
colored	anger	colored
colored	anticipation	colored
colored	disgust	colored
colored	fear	colored
colored	joy	colored
colored	negative	colored
colored	positive	colored
colored	sadness	colored
colored	surprise	colored
colored	trust	colored
squeezing	anger	exprimiendo
squeezing	anticipation	exprimiendo
squeezing	disgust	exprimiendo
squeezing	fear	exprimiendo
squeezing	joy	exprimiendo
squeezing	negative	exprimiendo
squeezing	positive	exprimiendo
squeezing	sadness	exprimiendo
squeezing	surprise	exprimiendo
squeezing	trust	exprimiendo
irrationality	anger	irracionalidad
irrationality	anticipation	de irracionalidad
irrationality	disgust	de irracionalidad
irrationality	fear	de irracionalidad
irrationality	joy	irracionalidad
irrationality	negative	de irracionalidad
irrationality	positive	de irracionalidad
irrationality	sadness	de irracionalidad
irrationality	surprise	asesinato
irrationality	trust	de asesinato
killing	anger	de irracionalidad
killing	anticipation	de irracionalidad
killing	disgust	asesinato
killing	fear	de asesinato
killing	joy	de asesinato
killing	negative	de asesinato
killing	positive	asesinato
killing	sadness	de asesinato
killing	surprise	de asesinato
killing	trust	de asesinato
dismemberment	anger	dismemberment
dismemberment	anticipation	dismemberment
dismemberment	disgust	dismemberment
dismemberment	fear	dismemberment
dismemberment	joy	dismemberment
dismemberment	negative	dismemberment
dismemberment	positive	dismemberment
dismemberment	sadness	dismemberment
dismemberment	surprise	dismemberment
dismemberment	trust	dismemberment
scarcity	anger	scarcity
scarcity	anticipation	scarcity
scarcity	disgust	scarcity
scarcity	fear	scarcity
scarcity	joy	scarcity
scarcity	negative	scarcity
scarcity	positive	scarcity
scarcity	sadness	scarcity
scarcity	surprise	scarcity
scarcity	trust	scarcity
orchard	anger	huerto
orchard	anticipation	de huerto
orchard	disgust	de huerto
orchard	fear	de huerto
orchard	joy	huerto
orchard	negative	de huerto
orchard	positive	de huerto
orchard	sadness	de huerto
orchard	surprise	huerto
orchard	trust	de huerto
adjunct	anger	adjunct
adjunct	anticipation	adjunct
adjunct	disgust	adjunct
adjunct	fear	adjunct
adjunct	joy	adjunct
adjunct	negative	adjunct
adjunct	positive	adjunct
adjunct	sadness	adjunct
adjunct	surprise	adjunct
adjunct	trust	adjunct
contact	anger	contacto
contact	anticipation	de contacto
contact	disgust	de contacto
contact	fear	de contacto
contact	joy	contacto
contact	negative	de contacto
contact	positive	de contacto
contact	sadness	de contacto
contact	surprise	disentería
contact	trust	de disentería
dysentery	anger	de contacto
dysentery	anticipation	de contacto
dysentery	disgust	disentería
dysentery	fear	de disentería
dysentery	joy	de disentería
dysentery	negative	de disentería
dysentery	positive	disentería
dysentery	sadness	de disentería
dysentery	surprise	de disentería
dysentery	trust	de disentería
absurdity	anger	absurdidad
absurdity	anticipation	de absurdidad
absurdity	disgust	de absurdidad
absurdity	fear	de absurdidad
absurdity	joy	absurdidad
absurdity	negative	de absurdidad
absurdity	positive	de absurdidad
absurdity	sadness	de absurdidad
absurdity	surprise	purga
absurdity	trust	de purga
purge	anger	de absurdidad
purge	anticipation	de absurdidad
purge	disgust	purga
purge	fear	de purga
purge	joy	de purga
purge	negative	de purga
purge	positive	purga
purge	sadness	de purga
purge	surprise	de purga
purge	trust	de purga
discus	anger	discus
discus	anticipation	discus
discus	disgust	discus
discus	fear	discus
discus	joy	discus
discus	negative	discus
discus	positive	discus
discus	sadness	discus
discus	surprise	discus
discus	trust	discus
sew	anger	coser
sew	anticipation	coser
sew	disgust	coser
sew	fear	coser
sew	joy	coser
sew	negative	coser
sew	positive	coser
sew	sadness	coser
sew	surprise	coser
sew	trust	coser
holy	anger	santo
holy	anticipation	santo
holy	disgust	santo
holy	fear	santo
holy	joy	santo
holy	negative	santo
holy	positive	santo
holy	sadness	santo
holy	surprise	santo
holy	trust	santo
unregulated	anger	unregulated
unregulated	anticipation	unregulated
unregulated	disgust	unregulated
unregulated	fear	unregulated
unregulated	joy	unregulated
unregulated	negative	unregulated
unregulated	positive	unregulated
unregulated	sadness	unregulated
unregulated	surprise	unregulated
unregulated	trust	unregulated
smirk	anger	smirk
smirk	anticipation	smirk
smirk	disgust	smirk
smirk	fear	smirk
smirk	joy	smirk
smirk	negative	smirk
smirk	positive	smirk
smirk	sadness	smirk
smirk	surprise	smirk
smirk	trust	smirk
infertile	anger	infertile
infertile	anticipation	infertile
infertile	disgust	infertile
infertile	fear	infertile
infertile	joy	infertile
infertile	negative	infertile
infertile	positive	infertile
infertile	sadness	infertile
infertile	surprise	infertile
infertile	trust	infertile
operative	anger	operativo
operative	anticipation	operativo
operative	disgust	operativo
operative	fear	operativo
operative	joy	operativo
operative	negative	operativo
operative	positive	operativo
operative	sadness	operativo
operative	surprise	operativo
operative	trust	operativo
wrestler	anger	wrestler
wrestler	anticipation	wrestler
wrestler	disgust	wrestler
wrestler	fear	wrestler
wrestler	joy	wrestler
wrestler	negative	wrestler
wrestler	positive	wrestler
wrestler	sadness	wrestler
wrestler	surprise	wrestler
wrestler	trust	wrestler
sizzle	anger	sizzle
sizzle	anticipation	sizzle
sizzle	disgust	sizzle
sizzle	fear	sizzle
sizzle	joy	sizzle
sizzle	negative	sizzle
sizzle	positive	sizzle
sizzle	sadness	sizzle
sizzle	surprise	sizzle
sizzle	trust	sizzle
virginity	anger	virginidad
virginity	anticipation	de virginidad
virginity	disgust	de virginidad
virginity	fear	de virginidad
virginity	joy	virginidad
virginity	negative	de virginidad
virginity	positive	de virginidad
virginity	sadness	de virginidad
virginity	surprise	virginidad
virginity	trust	de virginidad
oscillation	anger	oscillation
oscillation	anticipation	oscillation
oscillation	disgust	oscillation
oscillation	fear	oscillation
oscillation	joy	oscillation
oscillation	negative	oscillation
oscillation	positive	oscillation
oscillation	sadness	oscillation
oscillation	surprise	oscillation
oscillation	trust	oscillation
unjust	anger	unjust
unjust	anticipation	unjust
unjust	disgust	unjust
unjust	fear	unjust
unjust	joy	unjust
unjust	negative	unjust
unjust	positive	unjust
unjust	sadness	unjust
unjust	surprise	unjust
unjust	trust	unjust
showy	anger	vistoso
showy	anticipation	vistoso
showy	disgust	vistoso
showy	fear	vistoso
showy	joy	vistoso
showy	negative	vistoso
showy	positive	vistoso
showy	sadness	vistoso
showy	surprise	vistoso
showy	trust	vistoso
expatriate	anger	expatriate
expatriate	anticipation	expatriate
expatriate	disgust	expatriate
expatriate	fear	expatriate
expatriate	joy	expatriate
expatriate	negative	expatriate
expatriate	positive	expatriate
expatriate	sadness	expatriate
expatriate	surprise	expatriate
expatriate	trust	expatriate
deduct	anger	deduct
deduct	anticipation	deduct
deduct	disgust	deduct
deduct	fear	deduct
deduct	joy	deduct
deduct	negative	deduct
deduct	positive	deduct
deduct	sadness	deduct
deduct	surprise	deduct
deduct	trust	deduct
stink	anger	hedor
stink	anticipation	de hedor
stink	disgust	de hedor
stink	fear	de hedor
stink	joy	hedor
stink	negative	de hedor
stink	positive	de hedor
stink	sadness	de hedor
stink	surprise	hedor
stink	trust	de hedor
seek	anger	busca
seek	anticipation	buscar
seek	disgust	buscar
seek	fear	buscar
seek	joy	buscar
seek	negative	buscar
seek	positive	buscar
seek	sadness	buscar
seek	surprise	buscar
seek	trust	buscar
usefulness	anger	usefulness
usefulness	anticipation	usefulness
usefulness	disgust	usefulness
usefulness	fear	usefulness
usefulness	joy	usefulness
usefulness	negative	usefulness
usefulness	positive	usefulness
usefulness	sadness	usefulness
usefulness	surprise	usefulness
usefulness	trust	usefulness
necessity	anger	necessity
necessity	anticipation	
necessity	disgust	necessity
necessity	fear	necessity
necessity	joy	necessity
necessity	negative	necessity
necessity	positive	necessity
necessity	sadness	necessity
necessity	surprise	necessity
necessity	trust	necessity
predominant	anger	necessity
predominant	anticipation	predominante predominante
predominant	disgust	predominante
predominant	fear	predominante
predominant	joy	predominante
predominant	negative	predominante
predominant	positive	predominante
predominant	sadness	cemento
predominant	surprise	de cemento
predominant	trust	predominante
cement	anger	predominante
cement	anticipation	predominante
cement	disgust	cemento
cement	fear	de cemento
cement	joy	de cemento
cement	negative	de cemento
cement	positive	cemento
cement	sadness	de cemento
cement	surprise	de cemento
cement	trust	de cemento
mention	anger	menciona
mention	anticipation	mencionar
mention	disgust	mencionar
mention	fear	mencionar
mention	joy	mencionar
mention	negative	mencionar
mention	positive	mencionar
mention	sadness	mencionar
mention	surprise	mencionar
mention	trust	mencionar
babysitter	anger	babysitter
babysitter	anticipation	babysitter
babysitter	disgust	babysitter
babysitter	fear	babysitter
babysitter	joy	babysitter
babysitter	negative	babysitter
babysitter	positive	babysitter
babysitter	sadness	babysitter
babysitter	surprise	babysitter
babysitter	trust	babysitter
liquid	anger	líquido
liquid	anticipation	líquido
liquid	disgust	líquido
liquid	fear	líquido
liquid	joy	líquido
liquid	negative	líquido
liquid	positive	líquido
liquid	sadness	barra
liquid	surprise	de barra
liquid	trust	líquida
bar	anger	líquida
bar	anticipation	líquida
bar	disgust	barra
bar	fear	de barra
bar	joy	de barra
bar	negative	de barra
bar	positive	barra
bar	sadness	de barra
bar	surprise	de barra
bar	trust	de barra
scourge	anger	azote
scourge	anticipation	de azote
scourge	disgust	de azote
scourge	fear	de azote
scourge	joy	azote
scourge	negative	de azote
scourge	positive	de azote
scourge	sadness	de azote
scourge	surprise	compositor
scourge	trust	de compositor
composer	anger	de azote
composer	anticipation	de azote
composer	disgust	compositor
composer	fear	de compositor
composer	joy	de compositor
composer	negative	de compositor
composer	positive	compositor
composer	sadness	de compositor
composer	surprise	de compositor
composer	trust	de compositor
camisole	anger	camisole
camisole	anticipation	camisole
camisole	disgust	camisole
camisole	fear	camisole
camisole	joy	camisole
camisole	negative	camisole
camisole	positive	camisole
camisole	sadness	camisole
camisole	surprise	camisole
camisole	trust	camisole
thug	anger	matón
thug	anticipation	de matón
thug	disgust	de matón
thug	fear	de matón
thug	joy	matón
thug	negative	de matón
thug	positive	de matón
thug	sadness	de matón
thug	surprise	reflector
thug	trust	de reflector
reflector	anger	de matón
reflector	anticipation	de matón
reflector	disgust	reflector
reflector	fear	de reflector
reflector	joy	de reflector
reflector	negative	de reflector
reflector	positive	reflector
reflector	sadness	de reflector
reflector	surprise	de reflector
reflector	trust	de reflector
pace	anger	paso
pace	anticipation	de paso
pace	disgust	de paso
pace	fear	de paso
pace	joy	paso
pace	negative	de paso
pace	positive	de paso
pace	sadness	de paso
pace	surprise	paso
pace	trust	de paso
taught	anger	enseñó
taught	anticipation	enseñado
taught	disgust	enseñó
taught	fear	enseñado
taught	joy	enseñó
taught	negative	enseñado
taught	positive	enseñó
taught	sadness	enseñado
taught	surprise	enseñó
taught	trust	jet
jet	anger	de jet
jet	anticipation	de jet
jet	disgust	enseñado
jet	fear	jet
jet	joy	de jet
jet	negative	de jet
jet	positive	de jet
jet	sadness	jet
jet	surprise	de jet
jet	trust	del jet
sump	anger	sump
sump	anticipation	sump
sump	disgust	sump
sump	fear	sump
sump	joy	sump
sump	negative	sump
sump	positive	sump
sump	sadness	sump
sump	surprise	sump
sump	trust	sump
interest	anger	interés
interest	anticipation	de interés
interest	disgust	de interés
interest	fear	de interés
interest	joy	interés
interest	negative	de interés
interest	positive	de interés
interest	sadness	de interés
interest	surprise	hélice
interest	trust	de hélice
propeller	anger	de interés
propeller	anticipation	de interés
propeller	disgust	hélice
propeller	fear	de hélice
propeller	joy	de hélice
propeller	negative	de hélice
propeller	positive	hélice
propeller	sadness	de hélice
propeller	surprise	de hélice
propeller	trust	de hélice
ensign	anger	ensign
ensign	anticipation	ensign
ensign	disgust	ensign
ensign	fear	ensign
ensign	joy	ensign
ensign	negative	ensign
ensign	positive	ensign
ensign	sadness	ensign
ensign	surprise	ensign
ensign	trust	ensign
frequently	anger	frecuentemente
frequently	anticipation	frecuentemente
frequently	disgust	frecuentemente
frequently	fear	frecuentemente
frequently	joy	frecuentemente
frequently	negative	frecuentemente
frequently	positive	frecuentemente
frequently	sadness	frecuentemente
frequently	surprise	frecuentemente
frequently	trust	frecuentemente
boot	anger	bota
boot	anticipation	de bota
boot	disgust	de bota
boot	fear	de bota
boot	joy	bota
boot	negative	de bota
boot	positive	de bota
boot	sadness	de bota
boot	surprise	escondrijo
boot	trust	de escondrijo
hide	anger	de bota
hide	anticipation	de bota
hide	disgust	escondrijo
hide	fear	de escondrijo
hide	joy	de escondrijo
hide	negative	de escondrijo
hide	positive	escondrijo
hide	sadness	de escondrijo
hide	surprise	de escondrijo
hide	trust	de escondrijo
blush	anger	blush
blush	anticipation	blush
blush	disgust	blush
blush	fear	blush
blush	joy	blush
blush	negative	blush
blush	positive	blush
blush	sadness	blush
blush	surprise	blush
blush	trust	blush
tea	anger	té
tea	anticipation	de té
tea	disgust	de té
tea	fear	de té
tea	joy	té
tea	negative	de té
tea	positive	de té
tea	sadness	de té
tea	surprise	té
tea	trust	de té que
respecting	anger	respeta
respecting	anticipation	respetando
respecting	disgust	respetando
respecting	fear	respetando
respecting	joy	respetando
respecting	negative	respetando
respecting	positive	respetando
respecting	sadness	respetando
respecting	surprise	respetando
respecting	trust	respetando
undesirable	anger	indeseable
undesirable	anticipation	indeseable
undesirable	disgust	indeseable
undesirable	fear	indeseable
undesirable	joy	indeseable
undesirable	negative	indeseable
undesirable	positive	indeseable
undesirable	sadness	indeseable
undesirable	surprise	indeseable
undesirable	trust	indeseable
permeation	anger	permeation
permeation	anticipation	permeation
permeation	disgust	permeation
permeation	fear	permeation
permeation	joy	permeation
permeation	negative	permeation
permeation	positive	permeation
permeation	sadness	permeation
permeation	surprise	permeation
permeation	trust	permeation
peddle	anger	peddle
peddle	anticipation	peddle
peddle	disgust	peddle
peddle	fear	peddle
peddle	joy	peddle
peddle	negative	peddle
peddle	positive	peddle
peddle	sadness	peddle
peddle	surprise	peddle
peddle	trust	peddle
expanse	anger	expanse
expanse	anticipation	expanse
expanse	disgust	expanse
expanse	fear	expanse
expanse	joy	expanse
expanse	negative	expanse
expanse	positive	expanse
expanse	sadness	expanse
expanse	surprise	expanse
expanse	trust	expanse
flannel	anger	franela
flannel	anticipation	de franela
flannel	disgust	de franela
flannel	fear	de franela
flannel	joy	franela
flannel	negative	de franela
flannel	positive	de franela
flannel	sadness	de franela
flannel	surprise	hospedaje
flannel	trust	de hospedaje
billet	anger	de franela
billet	anticipation	de franela
billet	disgust	hospedaje
billet	fear	de hospedaje
billet	joy	de hospedaje
billet	negative	de hospedaje
billet	positive	hospedaje
billet	sadness	de hospedaje
billet	surprise	de hospedaje
billet	trust	de hospedaje
bookcase	anger	bookcase
bookcase	anticipation	bookcase
bookcase	disgust	bookcase
bookcase	fear	bookcase
bookcase	joy	bookcase
bookcase	negative	bookcase
bookcase	positive	bookcase
bookcase	sadness	bookcase
bookcase	surprise	bookcase
bookcase	trust	bookcase
mineral	anger	mineral
mineral	anticipation	mineral
mineral	disgust	mineral
mineral	fear	mineral
mineral	joy	mineral
mineral	negative	mineral
mineral	positive	mineral
mineral	sadness	mineral
mineral	surprise	mineral
mineral	trust	mineral
impervious	anger	impervious
impervious	anticipation	impervious
impervious	disgust	impervious
impervious	fear	impervious
impervious	joy	impervious
impervious	negative	impervious
impervious	positive	impervious
impervious	sadness	impervious
impervious	surprise	impervious
impervious	trust	impervious
cosmopolitan	anger	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	anticipation	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	disgust	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	fear	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	joy	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	negative	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	positive	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	sadness	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	surprise	cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan	trust	cosmopolitan
lords	anger	señores
lords	anticipation	de señores
lords	disgust	de señores
lords	fear	de señores
lords	joy	señores
lords	negative	de señores
lords	positive	de señores
lords	sadness	de señores
lords	surprise	señores
lords	trust	de señores que
waiting	anger	esperan
waiting	anticipation	esperando
waiting	disgust	esperando
waiting	fear	esperando
waiting	joy	esperando
waiting	negative	esperando
waiting	positive	esperando
waiting	sadness	esperando
waiting	surprise	esperando
waiting	trust	esperando
incoherent	anger	incoherentes
incoherent	anticipation	incoherentes
incoherent	disgust	incoherentes
incoherent	fear	incoherentes
incoherent	joy	incoherentes
incoherent	negative	incoherentes
incoherent	positive	incoherentes
incoherent	sadness	incoherentes
incoherent	surprise	incoherentes
incoherent	trust	incoherentes
sweeping	anger	barriendo
sweeping	anticipation	barriendo
sweeping	disgust	barriendo
sweeping	fear	barriendo
sweeping	joy	barriendo
sweeping	negative	barriendo
sweeping	positive	barriendo
sweeping	sadness	barriendo
sweeping	surprise	barriendo
sweeping	trust	barriendo
pour	anger	vierte
pour	anticipation	verter
pour	disgust	verter
pour	fear	verter
pour	joy	verter
pour	negative	verter
pour	positive	verter
pour	sadness	verter
pour	surprise	verter
pour	trust	verter
peopled	anger	peopled
peopled	anticipation	peopled
peopled	disgust	peopled
peopled	fear	peopled
peopled	joy	peopled
peopled	negative	peopled
peopled	positive	peopled
peopled	sadness	peopled
peopled	surprise	peopled
peopled	trust	peopled
recipient	anger	recipient
recipient	anticipation	recipient
recipient	disgust	recipient
recipient	fear	recipient
recipient	joy	recipient
recipient	negative	recipient
recipient	positive	recipient
recipient	sadness	recipient
recipient	surprise	recipient
recipient	trust	recipient
build	anger	complexión
build	anticipation	de complexión
build	disgust	de complexión
build	fear	de complexión
build	joy	complexión
build	negative	de complexión
build	positive	de complexión
build	sadness	de complexión
build	surprise	complexión
build	trust	de complexión
obtuse	anger	obtusa
obtuse	anticipation	obtuso
obtuse	disgust	obtuso
obtuse	fear	obtuso
obtuse	joy	obtuso
obtuse	negative	obtuso
obtuse	positive	obtuso
obtuse	sadness	obtuso
obtuse	surprise	obtuso
obtuse	trust	obtuso
aisle	anger	aisle
aisle	anticipation	aisle
aisle	disgust	aisle
aisle	fear	aisle
aisle	joy	aisle
aisle	negative	aisle
aisle	positive	aisle
aisle	sadness	aisle
aisle	surprise	aisle
aisle	trust	aisle
coefficient	anger	coeficiente
coefficient	anticipation	de coeficiente
coefficient	disgust	de coeficiente
coefficient	fear	de coeficiente
coefficient	joy	coeficiente
coefficient	negative	de coeficiente
coefficient	positive	de coeficiente
coefficient	sadness	de coeficiente
coefficient	surprise	índice
coefficient	trust	de índice
index	anger	de coeficiente
index	anticipation	de coeficiente
index	disgust	índice
index	fear	de índice
index	joy	de índice
index	negative	de índice
index	positive	índice
index	sadness	de índice
index	surprise	de índice
index	trust	de índice
harvest	anger	cosecha
harvest	anticipation	de cosecha
harvest	disgust	de cosecha
harvest	fear	de cosecha
harvest	joy	cosecha
harvest	negative	de cosecha
harvest	positive	de cosecha
harvest	sadness	de cosecha
harvest	surprise	cosecha
harvest	trust	de cosecha
inorganic	anger	inorgánica
inorganic	anticipation	inorgánico
inorganic	disgust	inorgánico
inorganic	fear	inorgánico
inorganic	joy	inorgánico
inorganic	negative	inorgánico
inorganic	positive	inorgánico
inorganic	sadness	inorgánico
inorganic	surprise	inorgánico
inorganic	trust	inorgánico
pristine	anger	pristine
pristine	anticipation	pristine
pristine	disgust	pristine
pristine	fear	pristine
pristine	joy	pristine
pristine	negative	pristine
pristine	positive	pristine
pristine	sadness	pristine
pristine	surprise	pristine
pristine	trust	pristine
cartoon	anger	historieta
cartoon	anticipation	de historieta
cartoon	disgust	de historieta
cartoon	fear	de historieta
cartoon	joy	historieta
cartoon	negative	de historieta
cartoon	positive	de historieta
cartoon	sadness	de historieta
cartoon	surprise	probidad
cartoon	trust	de probidad
probity	anger	de historieta
probity	anticipation	de historieta
probity	disgust	probidad
probity	fear	de probidad
probity	joy	de probidad
probity	negative	de probidad
probity	positive	probidad
probity	sadness	de probidad
probity	surprise	de probidad
probity	trust	de probidad
harrowing	anger	desgarradora
harrowing	anticipation	desgarrador
harrowing	disgust	desgarrador
harrowing	fear	desgarrador
harrowing	joy	desgarrador
harrowing	negative	desgarrador
harrowing	positive	desgarrador
harrowing	sadness	atrio
harrowing	surprise	de atrio
harrowing	trust	desgarrador
atrium	anger	desgarrador
atrium	anticipation	desgarrador
atrium	disgust	atrio
atrium	fear	de atrio
atrium	joy	de atrio
atrium	negative	de atrio
atrium	positive	atrio
atrium	sadness	de atrio
atrium	surprise	de atrio
atrium	trust	de atrio
kindergarten	anger	guardería
kindergarten	anticipation	de guardería
kindergarten	disgust	de guardería
kindergarten	fear	de guardería
kindergarten	joy	guardería
kindergarten	negative	de guardería
kindergarten	positive	de guardería
kindergarten	sadness	de guardería
kindergarten	surprise	guardería
kindergarten	trust	de guardería que
descending	anger	desciende
descending	anticipation	descendiendo
descending	disgust	descendiendo
descending	fear	descendiendo
descending	joy	descendiendo
descending	negative	descendiendo
descending	positive	descendiendo
descending	sadness	descendiendo
descending	surprise	descendiendo
descending	trust	descendiendo
fronting	anger	fronting
fronting	anticipation	fronting
fronting	disgust	fronting
fronting	fear	fronting
fronting	joy	fronting
fronting	negative	fronting
fronting	positive	fronting
fronting	sadness	fronting
fronting	surprise	fronting
fronting	trust	fronting
encompass	anger	abarcar
encompass	anticipation	abarcar
encompass	disgust	abarcar
encompass	fear	abarcar
encompass	joy	abarcar
encompass	negative	abarcar
encompass	positive	abarcar
encompass	sadness	abarcar
encompass	surprise	abarcar
encompass	trust	abarcar
dexter	anger	diestro
dexter	anticipation	diestro
dexter	disgust	diestro
dexter	fear	diestro
dexter	joy	diestro
dexter	negative	diestro
dexter	positive	diestro
dexter	sadness	imperio
dexter	surprise	de imperio
dexter	trust	diestro
empire	anger	diestro
empire	anticipation	diestro
empire	disgust	imperio
empire	fear	de imperio
empire	joy	de imperio
empire	negative	de imperio
empire	positive	imperio
empire	sadness	de imperio
empire	surprise	de imperio
empire	trust	de imperio
breakup	anger	breakup
breakup	anticipation	breakup
breakup	disgust	breakup
breakup	fear	breakup
breakup	joy	breakup
breakup	negative	breakup
breakup	positive	breakup
breakup	sadness	breakup
breakup	surprise	breakup
breakup	trust	breakup
hip	anger	cadera
hip	anticipation	de cadera
hip	disgust	de cadera
hip	fear	de cadera
hip	joy	cadera
hip	negative	de cadera
hip	positive	de cadera
hip	sadness	de cadera
hip	surprise	cadera
hip	trust	de cadera que
conversing	anger	conversa
conversing	anticipation	conversando
conversing	disgust	conversando
conversing	fear	conversando
conversing	joy	conversando
conversing	negative	conversando
conversing	positive	conversando
conversing	sadness	conversando
conversing	surprise	conversando
conversing	trust	conversando
campaigner	anger	defensor
campaigner	anticipation	de defensor
campaigner	disgust	de defensor
campaigner	fear	de defensor
campaigner	joy	defensor
campaigner	negative	de defensor
campaigner	positive	de defensor
campaigner	sadness	de defensor
campaigner	surprise	defensor
campaigner	trust	de defensor
acoustic	anger	acústico
acoustic	anticipation	acústico
acoustic	disgust	acústico
acoustic	fear	acústico
acoustic	joy	acústico
acoustic	negative	acústico
acoustic	positive	acústico
acoustic	sadness	acústico
acoustic	surprise	acústico
acoustic	trust	acústico
diversified	anger	diversificó
diversified	anticipation	diversificado
diversified	disgust	diversificó
diversified	fear	diversificado
diversified	joy	diversificó
diversified	negative	diversificado
diversified	positive	diversificó
diversified	sadness	diversificado
diversified	surprise	diversificó
diversified	trust	diversificado
confound	anger	confound
confound	anticipation	confound
confound	disgust	confound
confound	fear	confound
confound	joy	confound
confound	negative	confound
confound	positive	confound
confound	sadness	confound
confound	surprise	confound
confound	trust	confound
indecency	anger	indecency
indecency	anticipation	indecency
indecency	disgust	indecency
indecency	fear	indecency
indecency	joy	indecency
indecency	negative	indecency
indecency	positive	indecency
indecency	sadness	indecency
indecency	surprise	indecency
indecency	trust	indecency
scramble	anger	mezclar
scramble	anticipation	mezclar
scramble	disgust	mezclar
scramble	fear	mezclar
scramble	joy	mezclar
scramble	negative	mezclar
scramble	positive	mezclar
scramble	sadness	mezclar
scramble	surprise	mezclar
scramble	trust	mezclar
era	anger	era
era	anticipation	de era
era	disgust	de era
era	fear	de era
era	joy	era
era	negative	de era
era	positive	de era
era	sadness	de era
era	surprise	actuación
era	trust	de actuación
gig	anger	de era
gig	anticipation	de era
gig	disgust	actuación
gig	fear	de actuación
gig	joy	de actuación
gig	negative	de actuación
gig	positive	actuación
gig	sadness	de actuación
gig	surprise	de actuación
gig	trust	de actuación
lusty	anger	lusty
lusty	anticipation	lusty
lusty	disgust	lusty
lusty	fear	lusty
lusty	joy	lusty
lusty	negative	lusty
lusty	positive	lusty
lusty	sadness	lusty
lusty	surprise	lusty
lusty	trust	lusty
quadrupole	anger	quadrupole
quadrupole	anticipation	quadrupole
quadrupole	disgust	quadrupole
quadrupole	fear	quadrupole
quadrupole	joy	quadrupole
quadrupole	negative	quadrupole
quadrupole	positive	quadrupole
quadrupole	sadness	quadrupole
quadrupole	surprise	quadrupole
quadrupole	trust	quadrupole
word	anger	palabra
word	anticipation	de palabra
word	disgust	de palabra
word	fear	de palabra
word	joy	palabra
word	negative	de palabra
word	positive	de palabra
word	sadness	de palabra
word	surprise	palabra
word	trust	de palabra
additional	anger	adicional
additional	anticipation	adicional
additional	disgust	adicional
additional	fear	adicional
additional	joy	adicional
additional	negative	adicional
additional	positive	adicional
additional	sadness	panqueque
additional	surprise	de panqueque
additional	trust	adicional
pancake	anger	adicional
pancake	anticipation	adicional
pancake	disgust	panqueque
pancake	fear	de panqueque
pancake	joy	de panqueque
pancake	negative	de panqueque
pancake	positive	panqueque
pancake	sadness	de panqueque
pancake	surprise	de panqueque
pancake	trust	de panqueque
exuberance	anger	exuberancia
exuberance	anticipation	de exuberancia
exuberance	disgust	de exuberancia
exuberance	fear	de exuberancia
exuberance	joy	exuberancia
exuberance	negative	de exuberancia
exuberance	positive	de exuberancia
exuberance	sadness	de exuberancia
exuberance	surprise	exuberancia
exuberance	trust	de exuberancia
sustenance	anger	sustenance
sustenance	anticipation	sustenance
sustenance	disgust	sustenance
sustenance	fear	sustenance
sustenance	joy	sustenance
sustenance	negative	sustenance
sustenance	positive	sustenance
sustenance	sadness	sustenance
sustenance	surprise	sustenance
sustenance	trust	sustenance
equality	anger	igualdad
equality	anticipation	de igualdad
equality	disgust	de igualdad
equality	fear	de igualdad
equality	joy	igualdad
equality	negative	de igualdad
equality	positive	de igualdad
equality	sadness	de igualdad
equality	surprise	igualdad
equality	trust	de igualdad
stare	anger	stare
stare	anticipation	stare
stare	disgust	stare
stare	fear	stare
stare	joy	stare
stare	negative	stare
stare	positive	stare
stare	sadness	stare
stare	surprise	stare
stare	trust	stare
sinner	anger	pecador
sinner	anticipation	de pecador
sinner	disgust	de pecador
sinner	fear	de pecador
sinner	joy	pecador
sinner	negative	de pecador
sinner	positive	de pecador
sinner	sadness	de pecador
sinner	surprise	pecador
sinner	trust	de pecador
maggot	anger	maggot
maggot	anticipation	maggot
maggot	disgust	maggot
maggot	fear	maggot
maggot	joy	maggot
maggot	negative	maggot
maggot	positive	maggot
maggot	sadness	maggot
maggot	surprise	maggot
maggot	trust	maggot
assumption	anger	suposición
assumption	anticipation	de suposición
assumption	disgust	de suposición
assumption	fear	de suposición
assumption	joy	suposición
assumption	negative	de suposición
assumption	positive	de suposición
assumption	sadness	de suposición
assumption	surprise	director
assumption	trust	de director
director	anger	de suposición
director	anticipation	de suposición
director	disgust	director
director	fear	de director
director	joy	de director
director	negative	de director
director	positive	director
director	sadness	de director
director	surprise	de director
director	trust	de director
norm	anger	norma
norm	anticipation	de norma
norm	disgust	de norma
norm	fear	de norma
norm	joy	norma
norm	negative	de norma
norm	positive	de norma
norm	sadness	de norma
norm	surprise	norma
norm	trust	de norma
wrangling	anger	wrangling
wrangling	anticipation	wrangling
wrangling	disgust	wrangling
wrangling	fear	wrangling
wrangling	joy	wrangling
wrangling	negative	wrangling
wrangling	positive	wrangling
wrangling	sadness	wrangling
wrangling	surprise	wrangling
wrangling	trust	wrangling
city	anger	ciudad
city	anticipation	de ciudad
city	disgust	de ciudad
city	fear	de ciudad
city	joy	ciudad
city	negative	de ciudad
city	positive	de ciudad
city	sadness	de ciudad
city	surprise	sospechas
city	trust	de sospechas
suspicions	anger	de ciudad
suspicions	anticipation	de ciudad
suspicions	disgust	sospechas
suspicions	fear	de sospechas
suspicions	joy	de sospechas
suspicions	negative	de sospechas
suspicions	positive	sospechas
suspicions	sadness	de sospechas
suspicions	surprise	de sospechas
suspicions	trust	de sospechas
sketch	anger	sketch
sketch	anticipation	sketch
sketch	disgust	sketch
sketch	fear	sketch
sketch	joy	sketch
sketch	negative	sketch
sketch	positive	sketch
sketch	sadness	sketch
sketch	surprise	sketch
sketch	trust	sketch
impunity	anger	impunidad
impunity	anticipation	de impunidad
impunity	disgust	de impunidad
impunity	fear	de impunidad
impunity	joy	impunidad
impunity	negative	de impunidad
impunity	positive	de impunidad
impunity	sadness	de impunidad
impunity	surprise	turmalina
impunity	trust	de turmalina
tourmaline	anger	de impunidad
tourmaline	anticipation	de impunidad
tourmaline	disgust	turmalina
tourmaline	fear	de turmalina
tourmaline	joy	de turmalina
tourmaline	negative	de turmalina
tourmaline	positive	turmalina
tourmaline	sadness	de turmalina
tourmaline	surprise	de turmalina
tourmaline	trust	de turmalina
shell	anger	concha
shell	anticipation	de concha
shell	disgust	de concha
shell	fear	de concha
shell	joy	concha
shell	negative	de concha
shell	positive	de concha
shell	sadness	de concha
shell	surprise	monarquía
shell	trust	de monarquía
monarchy	anger	de concha
monarchy	anticipation	de concha
monarchy	disgust	monarquía
monarchy	fear	de monarquía
monarchy	joy	de monarquía
monarchy	negative	de monarquía
monarchy	positive	monarquía
monarchy	sadness	de monarquía
monarchy	surprise	de monarquía
monarchy	trust	de monarquía
congestion	anger	congestión
congestion	anticipation	de congestión
congestion	disgust	de congestión
congestion	fear	de congestión
congestion	joy	congestión
congestion	negative	de congestión
congestion	positive	de congestión
congestion	sadness	de congestión
congestion	surprise	congestión
congestion	trust	de congestión
regrettable	anger	lamentable
regrettable	anticipation	lamentable
regrettable	disgust	lamentable
regrettable	fear	lamentable
regrettable	joy	lamentable
regrettable	negative	lamentable
regrettable	positive	lamentable
regrettable	sadness	lamentable
regrettable	surprise	lamentable
regrettable	trust	lamentable
punish	anger	castigar
punish	anticipation	castigar
punish	disgust	castigar
punish	fear	castigar
punish	joy	castigar
punish	negative	castigar
punish	positive	castigar
punish	sadness	castigar
punish	surprise	castigar
punish	trust	castigar
steamroller	anger	steamroller
steamroller	anticipation	steamroller
steamroller	disgust	steamroller
steamroller	fear	steamroller
steamroller	joy	steamroller
steamroller	negative	steamroller
steamroller	positive	steamroller
steamroller	sadness	steamroller
steamroller	surprise	steamroller
steamroller	trust	steamroller
tote	anger	tote
tote	anticipation	tote
tote	disgust	tote
tote	fear	tote
tote	joy	tote
tote	negative	tote
tote	positive	tote
tote	sadness	tote
tote	surprise	tote
tote	trust	tote
arthropod	anger	artrópodo
arthropod	anticipation	de artrópodo
arthropod	disgust	de artrópodo
arthropod	fear	de artrópodo
arthropod	joy	artrópodo
arthropod	negative	de artrópodo
arthropod	positive	de artrópodo
arthropod	sadness	de artrópodo
arthropod	surprise	reino
arthropod	trust	de reino
kingdom	anger	de artrópodo
kingdom	anticipation	de artrópodo
kingdom	disgust	reino
kingdom	fear	de reino
kingdom	joy	de reino
kingdom	negative	de reino
kingdom	positive	reino
kingdom	sadness	de reino
kingdom	surprise	de reino
kingdom	trust	de reino
godless	anger	godless
godless	anticipation	godless
godless	disgust	godless
godless	fear	godless
godless	joy	godless
godless	negative	godless
godless	positive	godless
godless	sadness	godless
godless	surprise	godless
godless	trust	godless
numerator	anger	numerador
numerator	anticipation	de numerador
numerator	disgust	de numerador
numerator	fear	de numerador
numerator	joy	numerador
numerator	negative	de numerador
numerator	positive	de numerador
numerator	sadness	de numerador
numerator	surprise	numerador
numerator	trust	de numerador
flaring	anger	flaring
flaring	anticipation	flaring
flaring	disgust	flaring
flaring	fear	flaring
flaring	joy	flaring
flaring	negative	flaring
flaring	positive	flaring
flaring	sadness	flaring
flaring	surprise	flaring
flaring	trust	flaring
squall	anger	squall
squall	anticipation	squall
squall	disgust	squall
squall	fear	squall
squall	joy	squall
squall	negative	squall
squall	positive	squall
squall	sadness	squall
squall	surprise	squall
squall	trust	squall
symmetry	anger	simetría
symmetry	anticipation	de simetría
symmetry	disgust	de simetría
symmetry	fear	de simetría
symmetry	joy	simetría
symmetry	negative	de simetría
symmetry	positive	de simetría
symmetry	sadness	de simetría
symmetry	surprise	simetría
symmetry	trust	de simetría
evangelistic	anger	evangelistic
evangelistic	anticipation	evangelistic
evangelistic	disgust	evangelistic
evangelistic	fear	evangelistic
evangelistic	joy	evangelistic
evangelistic	negative	evangelistic
evangelistic	positive	evangelistic
evangelistic	sadness	evangelistic
evangelistic	surprise	evangelistic
evangelistic	trust	evangelistic
splice	anger	empalmar
splice	anticipation	empalmar
splice	disgust	empalmar
splice	fear	empalmar
splice	joy	empalmar
splice	negative	empalmar
splice	positive	empalmar
splice	sadness	empalmar
splice	surprise	empalmar
splice	trust	empalmar
wrinkled	anger	wrinkled
wrinkled	anticipation	wrinkled
wrinkled	disgust	wrinkled
wrinkled	fear	wrinkled
wrinkled	joy	wrinkled
wrinkled	negative	wrinkled
wrinkled	positive	wrinkled
wrinkled	sadness	wrinkled
wrinkled	surprise	wrinkled
wrinkled	trust	wrinkled
habitation	anger	habitation
habitation	anticipation	habitation
habitation	disgust	habitation
habitation	fear	habitation
habitation	joy	habitation
habitation	negative	habitation
habitation	positive	habitation
habitation	sadness	habitation
habitation	surprise	habitation
habitation	trust	habitation
straightforward	anger	sincero
straightforward	anticipation	sincero
straightforward	disgust	sincero
straightforward	fear	sincero
straightforward	joy	sincero
straightforward	negative	sincero
straightforward	positive	sincero
straightforward	sadness	sincero
straightforward	surprise	sincero
straightforward	trust	sincero
ambiguous	anger	ambiguo
ambiguous	anticipation	ambiguo
ambiguous	disgust	ambiguo
ambiguous	fear	ambiguo
ambiguous	joy	ambiguo
ambiguous	negative	ambiguo
ambiguous	positive	ambiguo
ambiguous	sadness	ambiguo
ambiguous	surprise	ambiguo
ambiguous	trust	ambiguo
dementia	anger	dementia
dementia	anticipation	dementia
dementia	disgust	dementia
dementia	fear	dementia
dementia	joy	dementia
dementia	negative	dementia
dementia	positive	dementia
dementia	sadness	dementia
dementia	surprise	dementia
dementia	trust	dementia
marquis	anger	marqués
marquis	anticipation	de marqués
marquis	disgust	de marqués
marquis	fear	de marqués
marquis	joy	marqués
marquis	negative	de marqués
marquis	positive	de marqués
marquis	sadness	de marqués
marquis	surprise	marqués
marquis	trust	de marqués que
freezing	anger	congela
freezing	anticipation	helado
freezing	disgust	helado
freezing	fear	helado
freezing	joy	helado
freezing	negative	helado
freezing	positive	helado
freezing	sadness	deslizamiento
freezing	surprise	de deslizamiento
freezing	trust	helado
slide	anger	helado
slide	anticipation	helado
slide	disgust	deslizamiento
slide	fear	de deslizamiento
slide	joy	de deslizamiento
slide	negative	de deslizamiento
slide	positive	deslizamiento
slide	sadness	de deslizamiento
slide	surprise	de deslizamiento
slide	trust	de deslizamiento
dashboard	anger	dashboard
dashboard	anticipation	dashboard
dashboard	disgust	dashboard
dashboard	fear	dashboard
dashboard	joy	dashboard
dashboard	negative	dashboard
dashboard	positive	dashboard
dashboard	sadness	dashboard
dashboard	surprise	dashboard
dashboard	trust	dashboard
purport	anger	purport
purport	anticipation	purport
purport	disgust	purport
purport	fear	purport
purport	joy	purport
purport	negative	purport
purport	positive	purport
purport	sadness	purport
purport	surprise	purport
purport	trust	purport
mercenary	anger	mercenario
mercenary	anticipation	de mercenario
mercenary	disgust	de mercenario
mercenary	fear	de mercenario
mercenary	joy	mercenario
mercenary	negative	de mercenario
mercenary	positive	de mercenario
mercenary	sadness	de mercenario
mercenary	surprise	inferioridad
mercenary	trust	de inferioridad
inferiority	anger	de mercenario
inferiority	anticipation	de mercenario
inferiority	disgust	inferioridad
inferiority	fear	de inferioridad
inferiority	joy	de inferioridad
inferiority	negative	de inferioridad
inferiority	positive	inferioridad
inferiority	sadness	de inferioridad
inferiority	surprise	de inferioridad
inferiority	trust	de inferioridad
overpaid	anger	overpaid
overpaid	anticipation	overpaid
overpaid	disgust	overpaid
overpaid	fear	overpaid
overpaid	joy	overpaid
overpaid	negative	overpaid
overpaid	positive	overpaid
overpaid	sadness	overpaid
overpaid	surprise	overpaid
overpaid	trust	overpaid
slug	anger	babosa
slug	anticipation	de babosa
slug	disgust	de babosa
slug	fear	de babosa
slug	joy	babosa
slug	negative	de babosa
slug	positive	de babosa
slug	sadness	de babosa
slug	surprise	percepción
slug	trust	de percepción
perception	anger	de babosa
perception	anticipation	de babosa
perception	disgust	percepción
perception	fear	de percepción
perception	joy	de percepción
perception	negative	de percepción
perception	positive	percepción
perception	sadness	de percepción
perception	surprise	de percepción
perception	trust	de percepción
liberate	anger	liberate
liberate	anticipation	liberate
liberate	disgust	liberate
liberate	fear	liberate
liberate	joy	liberate
liberate	negative	liberate
liberate	positive	liberate
liberate	sadness	liberate
liberate	surprise	liberate
liberate	trust	liberate
mew	anger	mew
mew	anticipation	mew
mew	disgust	mew
mew	fear	mew
mew	joy	mew
mew	negative	mew
mew	positive	mew
mew	sadness	mew
mew	surprise	mew
mew	trust	mew
knee	anger	rodilla
knee	anticipation	de rodilla
knee	disgust	de rodilla
knee	fear	de rodilla
knee	joy	rodilla
knee	negative	de rodilla
knee	positive	de rodilla
knee	sadness	de rodilla
knee	surprise	rodilla
knee	trust	de rodilla
assail	anger	assail
assail	anticipation	assail
assail	disgust	assail
assail	fear	assail
assail	joy	assail
assail	negative	assail
assail	positive	assail
assail	sadness	assail
assail	surprise	assail
assail	trust	assail
lien	anger	lien
lien	anticipation	lien
lien	disgust	lien
lien	fear	lien
lien	joy	lien
lien	negative	lien
lien	positive	lien
lien	sadness	lien
lien	surprise	lien
lien	trust	lien
plutonium	anger	plutonio
plutonium	anticipation	de plutonio
plutonium	disgust	de plutonio
plutonium	fear	de plutonio
plutonium	joy	plutonio
plutonium	negative	de plutonio
plutonium	positive	de plutonio
plutonium	sadness	de plutonio
plutonium	surprise	plutonio
plutonium	trust	de plutonio
garment	anger	garment
garment	anticipation	garment
garment	disgust	garment
garment	fear	garment
garment	joy	garment
garment	negative	garment
garment	positive	garment
garment	sadness	garment
garment	surprise	garment
garment	trust	garment
antiquity	anger	antigüedad
antiquity	anticipation	de antigüedad
antiquity	disgust	de antigüedad
antiquity	fear	de antigüedad
antiquity	joy	antigüedad
antiquity	negative	de antigüedad
antiquity	positive	de antigüedad
antiquity	sadness	de antigüedad
antiquity	surprise	antigüedad
antiquity	trust	de antigüedad
duplex	anger	duplex
duplex	anticipation	duplex
duplex	disgust	duplex
duplex	fear	duplex
duplex	joy	duplex
duplex	negative	duplex
duplex	positive	duplex
duplex	sadness	duplex
duplex	surprise	duplex
duplex	trust	duplex
folio	anger	folio
folio	anticipation	de folio
folio	disgust	de folio
folio	fear	de folio
folio	joy	folio
folio	negative	de folio
folio	positive	de folio
folio	sadness	de folio
folio	surprise	folio
folio	trust	de folio
fled	anger	huyó
fled	anticipation	huido
fled	disgust	huyó
fled	fear	huido
fled	joy	huyó
fled	negative	huido
fled	positive	huyó
fled	sadness	huido
fled	surprise	huyó
fled	trust	huido
parlance	anger	parlance
parlance	anticipation	parlance
parlance	disgust	parlance
parlance	fear	parlance
parlance	joy	parlance
parlance	negative	parlance
parlance	positive	parlance
parlance	sadness	parlance
parlance	surprise	parlance
parlance	trust	parlance
conglomeration	anger	conglomeration
conglomeration	anticipation	conglomeration
conglomeration	disgust	conglomeration
conglomeration	fear	conglomeration
conglomeration	joy	conglomeration
conglomeration	negative	conglomeration
conglomeration	positive	conglomeration
conglomeration	sadness	conglomeration
conglomeration	surprise	conglomeration
conglomeration	trust	conglomeration
watery	anger	watery
watery	anticipation	watery
watery	disgust	watery
watery	fear	watery
watery	joy	watery
watery	negative	watery
watery	positive	watery
watery	sadness	watery
watery	surprise	watery
watery	trust	watery
exertion	anger	exertion
exertion	anticipation	exertion
exertion	disgust	exertion
exertion	fear	exertion
exertion	joy	exertion
exertion	negative	exertion
exertion	positive	exertion
exertion	sadness	exertion
exertion	surprise	exertion
exertion	trust	exertion
conduit	anger	conduit
conduit	anticipation	conduit
conduit	disgust	conduit
conduit	fear	conduit
conduit	joy	conduit
conduit	negative	conduit
conduit	positive	conduit
conduit	sadness	conduit
conduit	surprise	conduit
conduit	trust	conduit
result	anger	resultado
result	anticipation	de resultado
result	disgust	de resultado
result	fear	de resultado
result	joy	resultado
result	negative	de resultado
result	positive	de resultado
result	sadness	de resultado
result	surprise	cráter
result	trust	de cráter
crater	anger	de resultado
crater	anticipation	de resultado
crater	disgust	cráter
crater	fear	de cráter
crater	joy	de cráter
crater	negative	de cráter
crater	positive	cráter
crater	sadness	de cráter
crater	surprise	de cráter
crater	trust	de cráter
jeans	anger	jeans
jeans	anticipation	jeans
jeans	disgust	jeans
jeans	fear	jeans
jeans	joy	jeans
jeans	negative	jeans
jeans	positive	jeans
jeans	sadness	jeans
jeans	surprise	jeans
jeans	trust	jeans
wonderful	anger	maravilloso
wonderful	anticipation	maravilloso
wonderful	disgust	maravilloso
wonderful	fear	maravilloso
wonderful	joy	maravilloso
wonderful	negative	maravilloso
wonderful	positive	maravilloso
wonderful	sadness	monumentos
wonderful	surprise	de monumentos
wonderful	trust	maravillosos
memorials	anger	maravillosos
memorials	anticipation	maravillosos
memorials	disgust	monumentos
memorials	fear	de monumentos
memorials	joy	de monumentos
memorials	negative	de monumentos
memorials	positive	monumentos
memorials	sadness	de monumentos
memorials	surprise	de monumentos
memorials	trust	de monumentos
constitutional	anger	constitucionales
constitutional	anticipation	constitucionales
constitutional	disgust	constitucionales
constitutional	fear	constitucionales
constitutional	joy	constitucionales
constitutional	negative	constitucionales
constitutional	positive	constitucionales
constitutional	sadness	constitucionales
constitutional	surprise	constitucionales
constitutional	trust	constitucionales
excise	anger	excise
excise	anticipation	excise
excise	disgust	excise
excise	fear	excise
excise	joy	excise
excise	negative	excise
excise	positive	excise
excise	sadness	excise
excise	surprise	excise
excise	trust	excise
barter	anger	permuta
barter	anticipation	de permuta
barter	disgust	de permuta
barter	fear	de permuta
barter	joy	permuta
barter	negative	de permuta
barter	positive	de permuta
barter	sadness	de permuta
barter	surprise	permuta
barter	trust	de permuta
ceremonial	anger	ceremonial
ceremonial	anticipation	ceremonial
ceremonial	disgust	ceremonial
ceremonial	fear	ceremonial
ceremonial	joy	ceremonial
ceremonial	negative	ceremonial
ceremonial	positive	ceremonial
ceremonial	sadness	ceremonial
ceremonial	surprise	ceremonial
ceremonial	trust	ceremonial
biology	anger	biología
biology	anticipation	de biología
biology	disgust	de biología
biology	fear	de biología
biology	joy	biología
biology	negative	de biología
biology	positive	de biología
biology	sadness	de biología
biology	surprise	paternidad
biology	trust	de paternidad
paternity	anger	de biología
paternity	anticipation	de biología
paternity	disgust	paternidad
paternity	fear	de paternidad
paternity	joy	de paternidad
paternity	negative	de paternidad
paternity	positive	paternidad
paternity	sadness	de paternidad
paternity	surprise	de paternidad
paternity	trust	de paternidad
shorts	anger	shorts
shorts	anticipation	shorts
shorts	disgust	shorts
shorts	fear	shorts
shorts	joy	shorts
shorts	negative	shorts
shorts	positive	shorts
shorts	sadness	shorts
shorts	surprise	shorts
shorts	trust	shorts
helpless	anger	helpless
helpless	anticipation	helpless
helpless	disgust	helpless
helpless	fear	helpless
helpless	joy	helpless
helpless	negative	helpless
helpless	positive	helpless
helpless	sadness	helpless
helpless	surprise	helpless
helpless	trust	helpless
fuming	anger	fuming
fuming	anticipation	fuming
fuming	disgust	fuming
fuming	fear	fuming
fuming	joy	fuming
fuming	negative	fuming
fuming	positive	fuming
fuming	sadness	fuming
fuming	surprise	fuming
fuming	trust	fuming
text	anger	texto
text	anticipation	de texto
text	disgust	de texto
text	fear	de texto
text	joy	texto
text	negative	de texto
text	positive	de texto
text	sadness	de texto
text	surprise	enlace
text	trust	de enlace
liaison	anger	de texto
liaison	anticipation	de texto
liaison	disgust	enlace
liaison	fear	de enlace
liaison	joy	de enlace
liaison	negative	de enlace
liaison	positive	enlace
liaison	sadness	de enlace
liaison	surprise	de enlace
liaison	trust	de enlace
arcade	anger	arcada
arcade	anticipation	de arcada
arcade	disgust	de arcada
arcade	fear	de arcada
arcade	joy	arcada
arcade	negative	de arcada
arcade	positive	de arcada
arcade	sadness	de arcada
arcade	surprise	deportes
arcade	trust	de deportes
sports	anger	de arcada
sports	anticipation	de arcada
sports	disgust	deportes
sports	fear	de deportes
sports	joy	de deportes
sports	negative	de deportes
sports	positive	deportes
sports	sadness	de deportes
sports	surprise	de deportes
sports	trust	de deportes
plication	anger	plication
plication	anticipation	plication
plication	disgust	plication
plication	fear	plication
plication	joy	plication
plication	negative	plication
plication	positive	plication
plication	sadness	plication
plication	surprise	plication
plication	trust	plication
grace	anger	gracia
grace	anticipation	de gracia
grace	disgust	de gracia
grace	fear	de gracia
grace	joy	gracia
grace	negative	de gracia
grace	positive	de gracia
grace	sadness	de gracia
grace	surprise	gracia
grace	trust	de gracia
parson	anger	parson
parson	anticipation	parson
parson	disgust	parson
parson	fear	parson
parson	joy	parson
parson	negative	parson
parson	positive	parson
parson	sadness	parson
parson	surprise	parson
parson	trust	parson
aurora	anger	aurora
aurora	anticipation	aurora
aurora	disgust	aurora
aurora	fear	aurora
aurora	joy	aurora
aurora	negative	aurora
aurora	positive	aurora
aurora	sadness	aurora
aurora	surprise	aurora
aurora	trust	aurora
providence	anger	providencia
providence	anticipation	de providencia
providence	disgust	de providencia
providence	fear	de providencia
providence	joy	providencia
providence	negative	de providencia
providence	positive	de providencia
providence	sadness	de providencia
providence	surprise	disco
providence	trust	de disco
disc	anger	de providencia
disc	anticipation	de providencia
disc	disgust	disco
disc	fear	de disco
disc	joy	de disco
disc	negative	de disco
disc	positive	disco
disc	sadness	de disco
disc	surprise	de disco
disc	trust	de disco
ministerial	anger	ministerial
ministerial	anticipation	ministerial
ministerial	disgust	ministerial
ministerial	fear	ministerial
ministerial	joy	ministerial
ministerial	negative	ministerial
ministerial	positive	ministerial
ministerial	sadness	tirano
ministerial	surprise	de tirano
ministerial	trust	ministerial
tyrant	anger	ministerial
tyrant	anticipation	ministerial
tyrant	disgust	tirano
tyrant	fear	de tirano
tyrant	joy	de tirano
tyrant	negative	de tirano
tyrant	positive	tirano
tyrant	sadness	de tirano
tyrant	surprise	de tirano
tyrant	trust	de tirano
piecemeal	anger	piecemeal
piecemeal	anticipation	piecemeal
piecemeal	disgust	piecemeal
piecemeal	fear	piecemeal
piecemeal	joy	piecemeal
piecemeal	negative	piecemeal
piecemeal	positive	piecemeal
piecemeal	sadness	piecemeal
piecemeal	surprise	piecemeal
piecemeal	trust	piecemeal
auditory	anger	auditivo
auditory	anticipation	auditivo
auditory	disgust	auditivo
auditory	fear	auditivo
auditory	joy	auditivo
auditory	negative	auditivo
auditory	positive	auditivo
auditory	sadness	auditivo
auditory	surprise	auditivo
auditory	trust	auditivo
reinstate	anger	restablecer
reinstate	anticipation	restablecer
reinstate	disgust	restablecer
reinstate	fear	restablecer
reinstate	joy	restablecer
reinstate	negative	restablecer
reinstate	positive	restablecer
reinstate	sadness	restablecer
reinstate	surprise	restablecer
reinstate	trust	restablecer
umbra	anger	umbra
umbra	anticipation	umbra
umbra	disgust	umbra
umbra	fear	umbra
umbra	joy	umbra
umbra	negative	umbra
umbra	positive	umbra
umbra	sadness	umbra
umbra	surprise	umbra
umbra	trust	umbra
persist	anger	persistir
persist	anticipation	persistir
persist	disgust	persistir
persist	fear	persistir
persist	joy	persistir
persist	negative	persistir
persist	positive	persistir
persist	sadness	persistir
persist	surprise	persistir
persist	trust	persistir
amicable	anger	amigable
amicable	anticipation	amigable
amicable	disgust	amigable
amicable	fear	amigable
amicable	joy	amigable
amicable	negative	amigable
amicable	positive	amigable
amicable	sadness	pandereta
amicable	surprise	de pandereta
amicable	trust	amigable
tambourine	anger	amigable
tambourine	anticipation	amigable
tambourine	disgust	pandereta
tambourine	fear	de pandereta
tambourine	joy	de pandereta
tambourine	negative	de pandereta
tambourine	positive	pandereta
tambourine	sadness	de pandereta
tambourine	surprise	de pandereta
tambourine	trust	de pandereta
swear	anger	jura
swear	anticipation	jurar
swear	disgust	jurar
swear	fear	jurar
swear	joy	jurar
swear	negative	jurar
swear	positive	jurar
swear	sadness	jurar
swear	surprise	jurar
swear	trust	jurar
tinsel	anger	tinsel
tinsel	anticipation	tinsel
tinsel	disgust	tinsel
tinsel	fear	tinsel
tinsel	joy	tinsel
tinsel	negative	tinsel
tinsel	positive	tinsel
tinsel	sadness	tinsel
tinsel	surprise	tinsel
tinsel	trust	tinsel
musician	anger	músico
musician	anticipation	de músico
musician	disgust	de músico
musician	fear	de músico
musician	joy	músico
musician	negative	de músico
musician	positive	de músico
musician	sadness	de músico
musician	surprise	músico
musician	trust	de músico
implanted	anger	implantó
implanted	anticipation	implantado
implanted	disgust	implantó
implanted	fear	implantado
implanted	joy	implantó
implanted	negative	implantado
implanted	positive	implantó
implanted	sadness	implantado
implanted	surprise	implantó
implanted	trust	edredón
quilt	anger	de edredón
quilt	anticipation	de edredón
quilt	disgust	implantado
quilt	fear	edredón
quilt	joy	de edredón
quilt	negative	de edredón
quilt	positive	de edredón
quilt	sadness	luto
quilt	surprise	de edredón
quilt	trust	de edredón
deceit	anger	de edredón
deceit	anticipation	luto
deceit	disgust	de luto
deceit	fear	de luto
deceit	joy	de luto
deceit	negative	luto
deceit	positive	de luto
deceit	sadness	de luto
deceit	surprise	de luto
deceit	trust	luto
oneself	anger	oneself
oneself	anticipation	oneself
oneself	disgust	oneself
oneself	fear	oneself
oneself	joy	oneself
oneself	negative	oneself
oneself	positive	oneself
oneself	sadness	oneself
oneself	surprise	oneself
oneself	trust	oneself
allure	anger	allure
allure	anticipation	allure
allure	disgust	allure
allure	fear	allure
allure	joy	allure
allure	negative	allure
allure	positive	allure
allure	sadness	allure
allure	surprise	allure
allure	trust	allure
personage	anger	personage
personage	anticipation	personage
personage	disgust	personage
personage	fear	personage
personage	joy	personage
personage	negative	personage
personage	positive	personage
personage	sadness	personage
personage	surprise	personage
personage	trust	personage
peering	anger	peering
peering	anticipation	peering
peering	disgust	peering
peering	fear	peering
peering	joy	peering
peering	negative	peering
peering	positive	peering
peering	sadness	peering
peering	surprise	peering
peering	trust	peering
ratify	anger	ratificar
ratify	anticipation	ratificar
ratify	disgust	ratificar
ratify	fear	ratificar
ratify	joy	ratificar
ratify	negative	ratificar
ratify	positive	ratificar
ratify	sadness	ratificar
ratify	surprise	ratificar
ratify	trust	ratificar
interval	anger	intervalo
interval	anticipation	de intervalo
interval	disgust	de intervalo
interval	fear	de intervalo
interval	joy	intervalo
interval	negative	de intervalo
interval	positive	de intervalo
interval	sadness	de intervalo
interval	surprise	intervalo
interval	trust	de intervalo
ignorant	anger	ignorante
ignorant	anticipation	ignorante
ignorant	disgust	ignorante
ignorant	fear	ignorante
ignorant	joy	ignorante
ignorant	negative	ignorante
ignorant	positive	ignorante
ignorant	sadness	ignorante
ignorant	surprise	ignorante
ignorant	trust	ignorante
recite	anger	recitar
recite	anticipation	recitar
recite	disgust	recitar
recite	fear	recitar
recite	joy	recitar
recite	negative	recitar
recite	positive	recitar
recite	sadness	recitar
recite	surprise	recitar
recite	trust	recitar
frivolous	anger	frívolo
frivolous	anticipation	frívolo
frivolous	disgust	frívolo
frivolous	fear	frívolo
frivolous	joy	frívolo
frivolous	negative	frívolo
frivolous	positive	frívolo
frivolous	sadness	frívolo
frivolous	surprise	frívolo
frivolous	trust	frívolo
smitten	anger	golpeado
smitten	anticipation	golpeado
smitten	disgust	golpeado
smitten	fear	golpeado
smitten	joy	golpeado
smitten	negative	golpeado
smitten	positive	golpeado
smitten	sadness	golpeado
smitten	surprise	golpeado
smitten	trust	golpeado
throttle	anger	throttle
throttle	anticipation	throttle
throttle	disgust	throttle
throttle	fear	throttle
throttle	joy	throttle
throttle	negative	throttle
throttle	positive	throttle
throttle	sadness	throttle
throttle	surprise	throttle
throttle	trust	throttle
intercession	anger	intercession
intercession	anticipation	intercession
intercession	disgust	intercession
intercession	fear	intercession
intercession	joy	intercession
intercession	negative	intercession
intercession	positive	intercession
intercession	sadness	intercession
intercession	surprise	intercession
intercession	trust	intercession
scorching	anger	abrasador
scorching	anticipation	abrasador
scorching	disgust	abrasador
scorching	fear	abrasador
scorching	joy	abrasador
scorching	negative	abrasador
scorching	positive	abrasador
scorching	sadness	chimenea
scorching	surprise	de chimenea
scorching	trust	abrasadora
chimney	anger	abrasadora
chimney	anticipation	abrasadora
chimney	disgust	chimenea
chimney	fear	de chimenea
chimney	joy	de chimenea
chimney	negative	de chimenea
chimney	positive	chimenea
chimney	sadness	de chimenea
chimney	surprise	de chimenea
chimney	trust	de chimenea
interaction	anger	interacción
interaction	anticipation	de interacción
interaction	disgust	de interacción
interaction	fear	de interacción
interaction	joy	interacción
interaction	negative	de interacción
interaction	positive	de interacción
interaction	sadness	de interacción
interaction	surprise	interacción
interaction	trust	de interacción
hallowed	anger	hallowed
hallowed	anticipation	hallowed
hallowed	disgust	hallowed
hallowed	fear	hallowed
hallowed	joy	hallowed
hallowed	negative	hallowed
hallowed	positive	hallowed
hallowed	sadness	hallowed
hallowed	surprise	hallowed
hallowed	trust	hallowed
certificate	anger	certificado
certificate	anticipation	de certificado
certificate	disgust	de certificado
certificate	fear	de certificado
certificate	joy	certificado
certificate	negative	de certificado
certificate	positive	de certificado
certificate	sadness	de certificado
certificate	surprise	certificado
certificate	trust	de certificado
principally	anger	principalmente
principally	anticipation	principalmente
principally	disgust	principalmente
principally	fear	principalmente
principally	joy	principalmente
principally	negative	principalmente
principally	positive	principalmente
principally	sadness	principalmente
principally	surprise	principalmente
principally	trust	principalmente
lunch	anger	comida
lunch	anticipation	de comida
lunch	disgust	de comida
lunch	fear	de comida
lunch	joy	comida
lunch	negative	de comida
lunch	positive	de comida
lunch	sadness	de comida
lunch	surprise	centro
lunch	trust	de centro
center	anger	de comida
center	anticipation	de comida
center	disgust	centro
center	fear	de centro
center	joy	de centro
center	negative	de centro
center	positive	centro
center	sadness	de centro
center	surprise	de centro
center	trust	de centro
senseless	anger	senseless
senseless	anticipation	senseless
senseless	disgust	senseless
senseless	fear	senseless
senseless	joy	senseless
senseless	negative	senseless
senseless	positive	senseless
senseless	sadness	senseless
senseless	surprise	senseless
senseless	trust	senseless
physical	anger	físico
physical	anticipation	físico
physical	disgust	físico
physical	fear	físico
physical	joy	físico
physical	negative	físico
physical	positive	físico
physical	sadness	itinerario
physical	surprise	de itinerario
physical	trust	físico
itinerary	anger	físico
itinerary	anticipation	físico
itinerary	disgust	itinerario
itinerary	fear	de itinerario
itinerary	joy	de itinerario
itinerary	negative	de itinerario
itinerary	positive	itinerario
itinerary	sadness	de itinerario
itinerary	surprise	de itinerario
itinerary	trust	de itinerario
bayou	anger	bayou
bayou	anticipation	bayou
bayou	disgust	bayou
bayou	fear	bayou
bayou	joy	bayou
bayou	negative	bayou
bayou	positive	bayou
bayou	sadness	bayou
bayou	surprise	bayou
bayou	trust	bayou
trunk	anger	tronco
trunk	anticipation	de tronco
trunk	disgust	de tronco
trunk	fear	de tronco
trunk	joy	tronco
trunk	negative	de tronco
trunk	positive	de tronco
trunk	sadness	de tronco
trunk	surprise	tronco
trunk	trust	de tronco
arrange	anger	arregla
arrange	anticipation	arreglar
arrange	disgust	arreglar
arrange	fear	arreglar
arrange	joy	arreglar
arrange	negative	arreglar
arrange	positive	arreglar
arrange	sadness	arreglar
arrange	surprise	arreglar
arrange	trust	arreglar
decipher	anger	decipher
decipher	anticipation	decipher
decipher	disgust	decipher
decipher	fear	decipher
decipher	joy	decipher
decipher	negative	decipher
decipher	positive	decipher
decipher	sadness	decipher
decipher	surprise	decipher
decipher	trust	decipher
archive	anger	archivo
archive	anticipation	de archivo
archive	disgust	de archivo
archive	fear	de archivo
archive	joy	archivo
archive	negative	de archivo
archive	positive	de archivo
archive	sadness	de archivo
archive	surprise	archivo
archive	trust	de archivo
reborn	anger	reborn
reborn	anticipation	reborn
reborn	disgust	reborn
reborn	fear	reborn
reborn	joy	reborn
reborn	negative	reborn
reborn	positive	reborn
reborn	sadness	reborn
reborn	surprise	reborn
reborn	trust	reborn
coinage	anger	coinage
coinage	anticipation	coinage
coinage	disgust	coinage
coinage	fear	coinage
coinage	joy	coinage
coinage	negative	coinage
coinage	positive	coinage
coinage	sadness	coinage
coinage	surprise	coinage
coinage	trust	coinage
jetty	anger	embarcadero
jetty	anticipation	de embarcadero
jetty	disgust	de embarcadero
jetty	fear	de embarcadero
jetty	joy	embarcadero
jetty	negative	de embarcadero
jetty	positive	de embarcadero
jetty	sadness	de embarcadero
jetty	surprise	embarcadero
jetty	trust	de embarcadero
countless	anger	incontable
countless	anticipation	incontable
countless	disgust	incontable
countless	fear	incontable
countless	joy	incontable
countless	negative	incontable
countless	positive	incontable
countless	sadness	incontable
countless	surprise	incontable
countless	trust	incontable
sensitive	anger	sensible
sensitive	anticipation	sensible
sensitive	disgust	sensible
sensitive	fear	sensible
sensitive	joy	sensible
sensitive	negative	sensible
sensitive	positive	sensible
sensitive	sadness	paracaídas
sensitive	surprise	de paracaídas
sensitive	trust	sensible
parachute	anger	sensible
parachute	anticipation	sensible
parachute	disgust	paracaídas
parachute	fear	de paracaídas
parachute	joy	de paracaídas
parachute	negative	de paracaídas
parachute	positive	paracaídas
parachute	sadness	de paracaídas
parachute	surprise	de paracaídas
parachute	trust	de paracaídas
incubation	anger	incubación
incubation	anticipation	de incubación
incubation	disgust	de incubación
incubation	fear	de incubación
incubation	joy	incubación
incubation	negative	de incubación
incubation	positive	de incubación
incubation	sadness	de incubación
incubation	surprise	incubación
incubation	trust	de incubación
vow	anger	jura
vow	anticipation	jurar
vow	disgust	jurar
vow	fear	jurar
vow	joy	jurar
vow	negative	jurar
vow	positive	jurar
vow	sadness	jurar
vow	surprise	jurar
vow	trust	jurar
saturation	anger	saturación
saturation	anticipation	de saturación
saturation	disgust	de saturación
saturation	fear	de saturación
saturation	joy	saturación
saturation	negative	de saturación
saturation	positive	de saturación
saturation	sadness	de saturación
saturation	surprise	saturación
saturation	trust	de saturación
orthodoxy	anger	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	anticipation	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	disgust	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	fear	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	joy	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	negative	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	positive	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	sadness	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	surprise	orthodoxy
orthodoxy	trust	orthodoxy
dwell	anger	morar
dwell	anticipation	morar
dwell	disgust	morar
dwell	fear	morar
dwell	joy	morar
dwell	negative	morar
dwell	positive	morar
dwell	sadness	morar
dwell	surprise	morar
dwell	trust	morar
pepper	anger	pimienta
pepper	anticipation	de pimienta
pepper	disgust	de pimienta
pepper	fear	de pimienta
pepper	joy	pimienta
pepper	negative	de pimienta
pepper	positive	de pimienta
pepper	sadness	de pimienta
pepper	surprise	pimienta
pepper	trust	de pimienta
atrocious	anger	atroz
atrocious	anticipation	atroz
atrocious	disgust	atroz
atrocious	fear	atroz
atrocious	joy	atroz
atrocious	negative	atroz
atrocious	positive	atroz
atrocious	sadness	reforma
atrocious	surprise	de reforma
atrocious	trust	atroz
reform	anger	atroz
reform	anticipation	atroz
reform	disgust	reforma
reform	fear	de reforma
reform	joy	de reforma
reform	negative	de reforma
reform	positive	reforma
reform	sadness	de reforma
reform	surprise	de reforma
reform	trust	de reforma
pound	anger	libra
pound	anticipation	de libra
pound	disgust	de libra
pound	fear	de libra
pound	joy	libra
pound	negative	de libra
pound	positive	de libra
pound	sadness	de libra
pound	surprise	libra
pound	trust	de libra
business	anger	empresarial
business	anticipation	empresarial
business	disgust	empresarial
business	fear	empresarial
business	joy	empresarial
business	negative	empresarial
business	positive	negocio
business	sadness	empresarial
business	surprise	empresarial
business	trust	empresarial
unattended	anger	unattended
unattended	anticipation	unattended
unattended	disgust	unattended
unattended	fear	unattended
unattended	joy	unattended
unattended	negative	unattended
unattended	positive	unattended
unattended	sadness	unattended
unattended	surprise	unattended
unattended	trust	unattended
reception	anger	recepción
reception	anticipation	de recepción
reception	disgust	de recepción
reception	fear	de recepción
reception	joy	recepción
reception	negative	de recepción
reception	positive	de recepción
reception	sadness	de recepción
reception	surprise	recepción
reception	trust	de recepción
locust	anger	locust
locust	anticipation	locust
locust	disgust	locust
locust	fear	locust
locust	joy	locust
locust	negative	locust
locust	positive	locust
locust	sadness	locust
locust	surprise	locust
locust	trust	locust
concordance	anger	concordancia
concordance	anticipation	de concordancia
concordance	disgust	de concordancia
concordance	fear	de concordancia
concordance	joy	concordancia
concordance	negative	de concordancia
concordance	positive	de concordancia
concordance	sadness	de concordancia
concordance	surprise	concordancia
concordance	trust	de concordancia
loony	anger	loony
loony	anticipation	loony
loony	disgust	loony
loony	fear	loony
loony	joy	loony
loony	negative	loony
loony	positive	loony
loony	sadness	loony
loony	surprise	loony
loony	trust	loony
pullover	anger	pullover
pullover	anticipation	pullover
pullover	disgust	pullover
pullover	fear	pullover
pullover	joy	pullover
pullover	negative	pullover
pullover	positive	pullover
pullover	sadness	pullover
pullover	surprise	pullover
pullover	trust	pullover
pertinent	anger	pertinente
pertinent	anticipation	pertinente
pertinent	disgust	pertinente
pertinent	fear	pertinente
pertinent	joy	pertinente
pertinent	negative	pertinente
pertinent	positive	pertinente
pertinent	sadness	estatuto
pertinent	surprise	de estatuto
pertinent	trust	pertinente
statute	anger	pertinente
statute	anticipation	pertinente
statute	disgust	estatuto
statute	fear	de estatuto
statute	joy	de estatuto
statute	negative	de estatuto
statute	positive	estatuto
statute	sadness	de estatuto
statute	surprise	de estatuto
statute	trust	de estatuto
important	anger	importante
important	anticipation	importante
important	disgust	importante
important	fear	importante
important	joy	importante
important	negative	importante
important	positive	importante
important	sadness	importante
important	surprise	importante
important	trust	importante
dweller	anger	dweller
dweller	anticipation	dweller
dweller	disgust	dweller
dweller	fear	dweller
dweller	joy	dweller
dweller	negative	dweller
dweller	positive	dweller
dweller	sadness	dweller
dweller	surprise	dweller
dweller	trust	dweller
supermarket	anger	supermercado
supermarket	anticipation	de supermercado
supermarket	disgust	de supermercado
supermarket	fear	de supermercado
supermarket	joy	supermercado
supermarket	negative	de supermercado
supermarket	positive	de supermercado
supermarket	sadness	de supermercado
supermarket	surprise	anales
supermarket	trust	de anales
annals	anger	de supermercado
annals	anticipation	de supermercado
annals	disgust	anales
annals	fear	de anales
annals	joy	de anales
annals	negative	de anales
annals	positive	anales
annals	sadness	de anales
annals	surprise	de anales
annals	trust	de anales
verily	anger	verily
verily	anticipation	verily
verily	disgust	verily
verily	fear	verily
verily	joy	verily
verily	negative	verily
verily	positive	verily
verily	sadness	verily
verily	surprise	verily
verily	trust	verily
owing	anger	debiendo
owing	anticipation	debiendo
owing	disgust	debiendo
owing	fear	debiendo
owing	joy	debiendo
owing	negative	debiendo
owing	positive	debiendo
owing	sadness	debiendo
owing	surprise	debiendo
owing	trust	debiendo
wavy	anger	wavy
wavy	anticipation	wavy
wavy	disgust	wavy
wavy	fear	wavy
wavy	joy	wavy
wavy	negative	wavy
wavy	positive	wavy
wavy	sadness	wavy
wavy	surprise	wavy
wavy	trust	wavy
mansion	anger	mansión
mansion	anticipation	de mansión
mansion	disgust	de mansión
mansion	fear	de mansión
mansion	joy	mansión
mansion	negative	de mansión
mansion	positive	de mansión
mansion	sadness	de mansión
mansion	surprise	receta
mansion	trust	de receta
recipe	anger	de mansión
recipe	anticipation	de mansión
recipe	disgust	receta
recipe	fear	de receta
recipe	joy	de receta
recipe	negative	de receta
recipe	positive	receta
recipe	sadness	de receta
recipe	surprise	de receta
recipe	trust	de receta
financier	anger	financier
financier	anticipation	financier
financier	disgust	financier
financier	fear	financier
financier	joy	financier
financier	negative	financier
financier	positive	financier
financier	sadness	financier
financier	surprise	financier
financier	trust	financier
comparison	anger	comparación
comparison	anticipation	de comparación
comparison	disgust	de comparación
comparison	fear	de comparación
comparison	joy	comparación
comparison	negative	de comparación
comparison	positive	de comparación
comparison	sadness	de comparación
comparison	surprise	momia
comparison	trust	de momia
mummy	anger	de comparación
mummy	anticipation	de comparación
mummy	disgust	momia
mummy	fear	de momia
mummy	joy	de momia
mummy	negative	de momia
mummy	positive	momia
mummy	sadness	de momia
mummy	surprise	de momia
mummy	trust	de momia
primed	anger	preparó
primed	anticipation	preparada
primed	disgust	preparó
primed	fear	preparado
primed	joy	preparó
primed	negative	preparado
primed	positive	preparó
primed	sadness	preparado
primed	surprise	preparó
primed	trust	cornisa
cornice	anger	de cornisa
cornice	anticipation	de cornisa
cornice	disgust	preparada
cornice	fear	cornisa
cornice	joy	de cornisa
cornice	negative	de cornisa
cornice	positive	de cornisa
cornice	sadness	giroscopio
cornice	surprise	de cornisa
cornice	trust	de cornisa
gyroscope	anger	de cornisa
gyroscope	anticipation	giroscopio
gyroscope	disgust	de giroscopio
gyroscope	fear	de giroscopio
gyroscope	joy	de giroscopio
gyroscope	negative	giroscopio
gyroscope	positive	de giroscopio
gyroscope	sadness	de giroscopio
gyroscope	surprise	de giroscopio
gyroscope	trust	crítica
critique	anger	de crítica
critique	anticipation	de crítica
critique	disgust	de giroscopio
critique	fear	crítica
critique	joy	de crítica
critique	negative	de crítica
critique	positive	de crítica
critique	sadness	chica
critique	surprise	de crítica
critique	trust	de crítica
girl	anger	de crítica
girl	anticipation	chica
girl	disgust	de chica
girl	fear	de chica
girl	joy	de chica
girl	negative	chica
girl	positive	de chica
girl	sadness	de chica
girl	surprise	de chica
girl	trust	chica
wharf	anger	wharf
wharf	anticipation	wharf
wharf	disgust	wharf
wharf	fear	wharf
wharf	joy	wharf
wharf	negative	wharf
wharf	positive	wharf
wharf	sadness	wharf
wharf	surprise	wharf
wharf	trust	wharf
lance	anger	lance
lance	anticipation	lance
lance	disgust	lance
lance	fear	lance
lance	joy	lance
lance	negative	lance
lance	positive	lance
lance	sadness	lance
lance	surprise	lance
lance	trust	lance
hemispheric	anger	hemispheric
hemispheric	anticipation	hemispheric
hemispheric	disgust	hemispheric
hemispheric	fear	hemispheric
hemispheric	joy	hemispheric
hemispheric	negative	hemispheric
hemispheric	positive	hemispheric
hemispheric	sadness	hemispheric
hemispheric	surprise	hemispheric
hemispheric	trust	hemispheric
galloping	anger	galopando
galloping	anticipation	galopando
galloping	disgust	galopando
galloping	fear	galopando
galloping	joy	galopando
galloping	negative	galopando
galloping	positive	galopando
galloping	sadness	galopando
galloping	surprise	galopando
galloping	trust	galopando
ecclesiastical	anger	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	anticipation	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	disgust	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	fear	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	joy	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	negative	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	positive	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	sadness	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	surprise	eclesiástico
ecclesiastical	trust	eclesiástico
obstetrician	anger	obstetrician
obstetrician	anticipation	obstetrician
obstetrician	disgust	obstetrician
obstetrician	fear	obstetrician
obstetrician	joy	obstetrician
obstetrician	negative	obstetrician
obstetrician	positive	obstetrician
obstetrician	sadness	obstetrician
obstetrician	surprise	obstetrician
obstetrician	trust	obstetrician
overflow	anger	desbordamiento
overflow	anticipation	de desbordamiento
overflow	disgust	de desbordamiento
overflow	fear	de desbordamiento
overflow	joy	desbordamiento
overflow	negative	de desbordamiento
overflow	positive	de desbordamiento
overflow	sadness	de desbordamiento
overflow	surprise	patriotismo
overflow	trust	de patriotismo
patriotism	anger	de desbordamiento
patriotism	anticipation	de desbordamiento
patriotism	disgust	patriotismo
patriotism	fear	de patriotismo
patriotism	joy	de patriotismo
patriotism	negative	de patriotismo
patriotism	positive	patriotismo
patriotism	sadness	de patriotismo
patriotism	surprise	de patriotismo
patriotism	trust	de patriotismo que
campaigning	anger	hace campaña
campaigning	anticipation	haciendo campaña
campaigning	disgust	haciendo campaña
campaigning	fear	haciendo campaña
campaigning	joy	haciendo campaña
campaigning	negative	haciendo campaña
campaigning	positive	haciendo campaña
campaigning	sadness	haciendo campaña
campaigning	surprise	haciendo campaña
campaigning	trust	haciendo campaña
tempered	anger	templó
tempered	anticipation	templado
tempered	disgust	templó
tempered	fear	templado
tempered	joy	templó
tempered	negative	templado
tempered	positive	templó
tempered	sadness	templado
tempered	surprise	templó
tempered	trust	templado
attain	anger	lograr
attain	anticipation	lograr
attain	disgust	lograr
attain	fear	lograr
attain	joy	lograr
attain	negative	lograr
attain	positive	lograr
attain	sadness	lograr
attain	surprise	lograr
attain	trust	lograr
plowed	anger	labrado
plowed	anticipation	labró
plowed	disgust	labrado
plowed	fear	labró
plowed	joy	labrado
plowed	negative	labró
plowed	positive	labrado
plowed	sadness	labró
plowed	surprise	labró
plowed	trust	labrado
grating	anger	grating
grating	anticipation	grating
grating	disgust	grating
grating	fear	grating
grating	joy	grating
grating	negative	grating
grating	positive	grating
grating	sadness	grating
grating	surprise	grating
grating	trust	grating
veneer	anger	veneer
veneer	anticipation	veneer
veneer	disgust	veneer
veneer	fear	veneer
veneer	joy	veneer
veneer	negative	veneer
veneer	positive	veneer
veneer	sadness	veneer
veneer	surprise	veneer
veneer	trust	veneer
transverse	anger	transversal
transverse	anticipation	transversal
transverse	disgust	transversal
transverse	fear	transversal
transverse	joy	transversal
transverse	negative	transversal
transverse	positive	transversal
transverse	sadness	transversal
transverse	surprise	transversal
transverse	trust	transversal
hateful	anger	hateful
hateful	anticipation	hateful
hateful	disgust	hateful
hateful	fear	hateful
hateful	joy	hateful
hateful	negative	hateful
hateful	positive	hateful
hateful	sadness	hateful
hateful	surprise	hateful
hateful	trust	hateful
repertory	anger	repertory
repertory	anticipation	repertory
repertory	disgust	repertory
repertory	fear	repertory
repertory	joy	repertory
repertory	negative	repertory
repertory	positive	repertory
repertory	sadness	repertory
repertory	surprise	repertory
repertory	trust	repertory
bend	anger	curva
bend	anticipation	de curva
bend	disgust	de curva
bend	fear	de curva
bend	joy	curva
bend	negative	de curva
bend	positive	de curva
bend	sadness	de curva
bend	surprise	casta
bend	trust	de casta
caste	anger	de curva
caste	anticipation	de curva
caste	disgust	casta
caste	fear	de casta
caste	joy	de casta
caste	negative	de casta
caste	positive	casta
caste	sadness	de casta
caste	surprise	de casta
caste	trust	de casta
blissful	anger	blissful
blissful	anticipation	blissful
blissful	disgust	blissful
blissful	fear	blissful
blissful	joy	blissful
blissful	negative	blissful
blissful	positive	blissful
blissful	sadness	blissful
blissful	surprise	blissful
blissful	trust	blissful
shrubbery	anger	shrubbery
shrubbery	anticipation	shrubbery
shrubbery	disgust	shrubbery
shrubbery	fear	shrubbery
shrubbery	joy	shrubbery
shrubbery	negative	shrubbery
shrubbery	positive	shrubbery
shrubbery	sadness	shrubbery
shrubbery	surprise	shrubbery
shrubbery	trust	shrubbery
speaking	anger	hablando
speaking	anticipation	hablando
speaking	disgust	hablando
speaking	fear	hablando
speaking	joy	hablando
speaking	negative	hablando
speaking	positive	hablando
speaking	sadness	hablando
speaking	surprise	hablando
speaking	trust	hablando
seemingly	anger	según parece
seemingly	anticipation	según parece
seemingly	disgust	según parece
seemingly	fear	según parece
seemingly	joy	según parece
seemingly	negative	según parece
seemingly	positive	según parece
seemingly	sadness	según parece
seemingly	surprise	según parece
seemingly	trust	según parece
ambiguity	anger	ambigüedad
ambiguity	anticipation	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	disgust	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	fear	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	joy	ambigüedad
ambiguity	negative	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	positive	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	sadness	de ambigüedad
ambiguity	surprise	ambigüedad
ambiguity	trust	de ambigüedad
ox	anger	ox
ox	anticipation	ox
ox	disgust	ox
ox	fear	ox
ox	joy	ox
ox	negative	ox
ox	positive	ox
ox	sadness	ox
ox	surprise	ox
ox	trust	ox
apportionment	anger	apportionment
apportionment	anticipation	apportionment
apportionment	disgust	apportionment
apportionment	fear	apportionment
apportionment	joy	apportionment
apportionment	negative	apportionment
apportionment	positive	apportionment
apportionment	sadness	apportionment
apportionment	surprise	apportionment
apportionment	trust	apportionment
notable	anger	notable
notable	anticipation	notable
notable	disgust	notable
notable	fear	notable
notable	joy	notable
notable	negative	notable
notable	positive	notable
notable	sadness	aprendizaje
notable	surprise	de aprendizaje
notable	trust	notable
apprenticeship	anger	notable
apprenticeship	anticipation	notable
apprenticeship	disgust	aprendizaje
apprenticeship	fear	de aprendizaje
apprenticeship	joy	de aprendizaje
apprenticeship	negative	de aprendizaje
apprenticeship	positive	aprendizaje
apprenticeship	sadness	de aprendizaje
apprenticeship	surprise	de aprendizaje
apprenticeship	trust	de aprendizaje
midwifery	anger	midwifery
midwifery	anticipation	midwifery
midwifery	disgust	midwifery
midwifery	fear	midwifery
midwifery	joy	midwifery
midwifery	negative	midwifery
midwifery	positive	midwifery
midwifery	sadness	midwifery
midwifery	surprise	midwifery
midwifery	trust	midwifery
linguistic	anger	lingüístico
linguistic	anticipation	lingüístico
linguistic	disgust	lingüístico
linguistic	fear	lingüístico
linguistic	joy	lingüístico
linguistic	negative	lingüístico
linguistic	positive	lingüístico
linguistic	sadness	lingüístico
linguistic	surprise	lingüístico
linguistic	trust	lingüístico
practically	anger	prácticamente
practically	anticipation	prácticamente
practically	disgust	prácticamente
practically	fear	prácticamente
practically	joy	prácticamente
practically	negative	prácticamente
practically	positive	prácticamente
practically	sadness	prácticamente
practically	surprise	prácticamente
practically	trust	prácticamente
admission	anger	admisión
admission	anticipation	de admisión
admission	disgust	de admisión
admission	fear	de admisión
admission	joy	admisión
admission	negative	de admisión
admission	positive	de admisión
admission	sadness	de admisión
admission	surprise	admisión
admission	trust	de admisión
solvent	anger	solvente
solvent	anticipation	solvente
solvent	disgust	solvente
solvent	fear	solvente
solvent	joy	solvente
solvent	negative	solvente
solvent	positive	solvente
solvent	sadness	solvente
solvent	surprise	solvente
solvent	trust	solvente
enjoin	anger	enjoin
enjoin	anticipation	enjoin
enjoin	disgust	enjoin
enjoin	fear	enjoin
enjoin	joy	enjoin
enjoin	negative	enjoin
enjoin	positive	enjoin
enjoin	sadness	enjoin
enjoin	surprise	enjoin
enjoin	trust	enjoin
snarling	anger	snarling
snarling	anticipation	snarling
snarling	disgust	snarling
snarling	fear	snarling
snarling	joy	snarling
snarling	negative	snarling
snarling	positive	snarling
snarling	sadness	snarling
snarling	surprise	snarling
snarling	trust	snarling
gilt	anger	gilt
gilt	anticipation	gilt
gilt	disgust	gilt
gilt	fear	gilt
gilt	joy	gilt
gilt	negative	gilt
gilt	positive	gilt
gilt	sadness	gilt
gilt	surprise	gilt
gilt	trust	gilt
deliberation	anger	deliberación
deliberation	anticipation	de deliberación
deliberation	disgust	de deliberación
deliberation	fear	de deliberación
deliberation	joy	deliberación
deliberation	negative	de deliberación
deliberation	positive	de deliberación
deliberation	sadness	de deliberación
deliberation	surprise	deliberación
deliberation	trust	de deliberación
total	anger	total
total	anticipation	total
total	disgust	total
total	fear	total
total	joy	total
total	negative	total
total	positive	total
total	sadness	total
total	surprise	total
total	trust	total
actuary	anger	actuary
actuary	anticipation	actuary
actuary	disgust	actuary
actuary	fear	actuary
actuary	joy	actuary
actuary	negative	actuary
actuary	positive	actuary
actuary	sadness	actuary
actuary	surprise	actuary
actuary	trust	actuary
ineffectual	anger	ineffectual
ineffectual	anticipation	ineffectual
ineffectual	disgust	ineffectual
ineffectual	fear	ineffectual
ineffectual	joy	ineffectual
ineffectual	negative	ineffectual
ineffectual	positive	ineffectual
ineffectual	sadness	ineffectual
ineffectual	surprise	ineffectual
ineffectual	trust	ineffectual
grip	anger	agarrador
grip	anticipation	de agarrador
grip	disgust	de agarrador
grip	fear	de agarrador
grip	joy	agarrador
grip	negative	de agarrador
grip	positive	de agarrador
grip	sadness	de agarrador
grip	surprise	intercambio
grip	trust	de intercambio
interchange	anger	de agarrador
interchange	anticipation	de agarrador
interchange	disgust	intercambio
interchange	fear	de intercambio
interchange	joy	de intercambio
interchange	negative	de intercambio
interchange	positive	intercambio
interchange	sadness	de intercambio
interchange	surprise	de intercambio
interchange	trust	de intercambio
development	anger	desarrollo
development	anticipation	de desarrollo
development	disgust	de desarrollo
development	fear	de desarrollo
development	joy	desarrollo
development	negative	de desarrollo
development	positive	de desarrollo
development	sadness	de desarrollo
development	surprise	desarrollo
development	trust	de desarrollo
infused	anger	infused
infused	anticipation	infused
infused	disgust	infused
infused	fear	infused
infused	joy	infused
infused	negative	infused
infused	positive	infused
infused	sadness	infused
infused	surprise	infused
infused	trust	infused
snowflake	anger	snowflake
snowflake	anticipation	snowflake
snowflake	disgust	snowflake
snowflake	fear	snowflake
snowflake	joy	snowflake
snowflake	negative	snowflake
snowflake	positive	snowflake
snowflake	sadness	snowflake
snowflake	surprise	snowflake
snowflake	trust	snowflake
mine	anger	mina
mine	anticipation	de mina
mine	disgust	de mina
mine	fear	de mina
mine	joy	mina
mine	negative	de mina
mine	positive	de mina
mine	sadness	de mina
mine	surprise	limitación
mine	trust	de limitación
limitation	anger	de mina
limitation	anticipation	de mina
limitation	disgust	limitación
limitation	fear	de limitación
limitation	joy	de limitación
limitation	negative	de limitación
limitation	positive	limitación
limitation	sadness	de limitación
limitation	surprise	de limitación
limitation	trust	de limitación
condescension	anger	condescension
condescension	anticipation	condescension
condescension	disgust	condescension
condescension	fear	condescension
condescension	joy	condescension
condescension	negative	condescension
condescension	positive	condescension
condescension	sadness	condescension
condescension	surprise	condescension
condescension	trust	condescension
commissioner	anger	comisario
commissioner	anticipation	de comisario
commissioner	disgust	de comisario
commissioner	fear	de comisario
commissioner	joy	comisario
commissioner	negative	de comisario
commissioner	positive	de comisario
commissioner	sadness	de comisario
commissioner	surprise	comisario
commissioner	trust	de comisario
raving	anger	raving
raving	anticipation	raving
raving	disgust	raving
raving	fear	raving
raving	joy	raving
raving	negative	raving
raving	positive	raving
raving	sadness	raving
raving	surprise	raving
raving	trust	raving
add	anger	añadir
add	anticipation	añadir
add	disgust	añadir
add	fear	añadir
add	joy	añadir
add	negative	añadir
add	positive	añadir
add	sadness	añadir
add	surprise	añadir
add	trust	añadir
submit	anger	entregar
submit	anticipation	entregar
submit	disgust	entregar
submit	fear	entregar
submit	joy	entregar
submit	negative	entregar
submit	positive	entregar
submit	sadness	entregar
submit	surprise	entregar
submit	trust	entregar
surgery	anger	cirugía
surgery	anticipation	de cirugía
surgery	disgust	de cirugía
surgery	fear	de cirugía
surgery	joy	cirugía
surgery	negative	de cirugía
surgery	positive	de cirugía
surgery	sadness	de cirugía
surgery	surprise	cirugía
surgery	trust	de cirugía
delineation	anger	delineation
delineation	anticipation	delineation
delineation	disgust	delineation
delineation	fear	delineation
delineation	joy	delineation
delineation	negative	delineation
delineation	positive	delineation
delineation	sadness	delineation
delineation	surprise	delineation
delineation	trust	delineation
factor	anger	factor
factor	anticipation	de factor
factor	disgust	de factor
factor	fear	de factor
factor	joy	factor
factor	negative	de factor
factor	positive	de factor
factor	sadness	de factor
factor	surprise	factor
factor	trust	de factor
episcopal	anger	episcopal
episcopal	anticipation	episcopal
episcopal	disgust	episcopal
episcopal	fear	episcopal
episcopal	joy	episcopal
episcopal	negative	episcopal
episcopal	positive	episcopal
episcopal	sadness	episcopal
episcopal	surprise	episcopal
episcopal	trust	episcopal
parasite	anger	parásito
parasite	anticipation	de parásito
parasite	disgust	de parásito
parasite	fear	de parásito
parasite	joy	parásito
parasite	negative	de parásito
parasite	positive	de parásito
parasite	sadness	de parásito
parasite	surprise	parásito
parasite	trust	de parásito
forgive	anger	perdona
forgive	anticipation	perdonar
forgive	disgust	perdonar
forgive	fear	perdonar
forgive	joy	perdonar
forgive	negative	perdonar
forgive	positive	perdonar
forgive	sadness	perdonar
forgive	surprise	perdonar
forgive	trust	perdonar
petroleum	anger	petroleum
petroleum	anticipation	petroleum
petroleum	disgust	petroleum
petroleum	fear	petroleum
petroleum	joy	petroleum
petroleum	negative	petroleum
petroleum	positive	petroleum
petroleum	sadness	petroleum
petroleum	surprise	petroleum
petroleum	trust	petroleum
gem	anger	gem
gem	anticipation	gem
gem	disgust	gem
gem	fear	gem
gem	joy	gem
gem	negative	gem
gem	positive	gem
gem	sadness	gem
gem	surprise	gem
gem	trust	gem
swell	anger	marejada
swell	anticipation	de marejada
swell	disgust	de marejada
swell	fear	de marejada
swell	joy	marejada
swell	negative	de marejada
swell	positive	de marejada
swell	sadness	de marejada
swell	surprise	marejada
swell	trust	de marejada
hinge	anger	hinge
hinge	anticipation	hinge
hinge	disgust	hinge
hinge	fear	hinge
hinge	joy	hinge
hinge	negative	hinge
hinge	positive	hinge
hinge	sadness	hinge
hinge	surprise	hinge
hinge	trust	hinge
wordy	anger	wordy
wordy	anticipation	wordy
wordy	disgust	wordy
wordy	fear	wordy
wordy	joy	wordy
wordy	negative	wordy
wordy	positive	wordy
wordy	sadness	wordy
wordy	surprise	wordy
wordy	trust	wordy
including	anger	incluyendo
including	anticipation	incluyendo
including	disgust	incluyendo
including	fear	incluyendo
including	joy	incluyendo
including	negative	incluyendo
including	positive	incluyendo
including	sadness	incluyendo
including	surprise	incluyendo
including	trust	incluyendo
control	anger	control
control	anticipation	de control
control	disgust	de control
control	fear	de control
control	joy	control
control	negative	de control
control	positive	de control
control	sadness	de control
control	surprise	control
control	trust	de control
treble	anger	triple
treble	anticipation	triple
treble	disgust	triple
treble	fear	triple
treble	joy	triple
treble	negative	triple
treble	positive	agudos
treble	sadness	triples
treble	surprise	triples
treble	trust	triples
outgrow	anger	outgrow
outgrow	anticipation	outgrow
outgrow	disgust	outgrow
outgrow	fear	outgrow
outgrow	joy	outgrow
outgrow	negative	outgrow
outgrow	positive	outgrow
outgrow	sadness	outgrow
outgrow	surprise	outgrow
outgrow	trust	outgrow
turmoil	anger	confusión
turmoil	anticipation	de confusión
turmoil	disgust	de confusión
turmoil	fear	de confusión
turmoil	joy	confusión
turmoil	negative	de confusión
turmoil	positive	de confusión
turmoil	sadness	de confusión
turmoil	surprise	ganso
turmoil	trust	de ganso
goose	anger	de confusión
goose	anticipation	de confusión
goose	disgust	ganso
goose	fear	de ganso
goose	joy	de ganso
goose	negative	de ganso
goose	positive	ganso
goose	sadness	de ganso
goose	surprise	de ganso
goose	trust	de ganso
therewith	anger	therewith
therewith	anticipation	therewith
therewith	disgust	therewith
therewith	fear	therewith
therewith	joy	therewith
therewith	negative	therewith
therewith	positive	therewith
therewith	sadness	therewith
therewith	surprise	therewith
therewith	trust	therewith
torrent	anger	torrente
torrent	anticipation	de torrente
torrent	disgust	de torrente
torrent	fear	de torrente
torrent	joy	torrente
torrent	negative	de torrente
torrent	positive	de torrente
torrent	sadness	de torrente
torrent	surprise	corpiño
torrent	trust	de corpiño
bodice	anger	de torrente
bodice	anticipation	de torrente
bodice	disgust	corpiño
bodice	fear	de corpiño
bodice	joy	de corpiño
bodice	negative	de corpiño
bodice	positive	corpiño
bodice	sadness	de corpiño
bodice	surprise	de corpiño
bodice	trust	de corpiño
bugle	anger	bugle
bugle	anticipation	bugle
bugle	disgust	bugle
bugle	fear	bugle
bugle	joy	bugle
bugle	negative	bugle
bugle	positive	bugle
bugle	sadness	bugle
bugle	surprise	bugle
bugle	trust	bugle
aeroplane	anger	avión
aeroplane	anticipation	de avión
aeroplane	disgust	de avión
aeroplane	fear	de avión
aeroplane	joy	avión
aeroplane	negative	de avión
aeroplane	positive	de avión
aeroplane	sadness	de avión
aeroplane	surprise	avión
aeroplane	trust	de avión
outrun	anger	outrun
outrun	anticipation	outrun
outrun	disgust	outrun
outrun	fear	outrun
outrun	joy	outrun
outrun	negative	outrun
outrun	positive	outrun
outrun	sadness	outrun
outrun	surprise	outrun
outrun	trust	outrun
alight	anger	apearse
alight	anticipation	apearse
alight	disgust	apearse
alight	fear	apearse
alight	joy	apearse
alight	negative	apearse
alight	positive	apearse
alight	sadness	apearse
alight	surprise	apearse
alight	trust	apearse
bureau	anger	agencia
bureau	anticipation	de agencia
bureau	disgust	de agencia
bureau	fear	de agencia
bureau	joy	agencia
bureau	negative	de agencia
bureau	positive	de agencia
bureau	sadness	de agencia
bureau	surprise	agencia
bureau	trust	de agencia
overpriced	anger	overpriced
overpriced	anticipation	overpriced
overpriced	disgust	overpriced
overpriced	fear	overpriced
overpriced	joy	overpriced
overpriced	negative	overpriced
overpriced	positive	overpriced
overpriced	sadness	overpriced
overpriced	surprise	overpriced
overpriced	trust	overpriced
moribund	anger	moribund
moribund	anticipation	moribund
moribund	disgust	moribund
moribund	fear	moribund
moribund	joy	moribund
moribund	negative	moribund
moribund	positive	moribund
moribund	sadness	moribund
moribund	surprise	moribund
moribund	trust	moribund
emigrate	anger	emigrar
emigrate	anticipation	emigrar
emigrate	disgust	emigrar
emigrate	fear	emigrar
emigrate	joy	emigrar
emigrate	negative	emigrar
emigrate	positive	emigrar
emigrate	sadness	emigrar
emigrate	surprise	emigrar
emigrate	trust	emigrar
porcelain	anger	porcelain
porcelain	anticipation	porcelain
porcelain	disgust	porcelain
porcelain	fear	porcelain
porcelain	joy	porcelain
porcelain	negative	porcelain
porcelain	positive	porcelain
porcelain	sadness	porcelain
porcelain	surprise	porcelain
porcelain	trust	porcelain
multiplied	anger	multiplicó
multiplied	anticipation	multiplicado
multiplied	disgust	multiplicó
multiplied	fear	multiplicado
multiplied	joy	multiplicó
multiplied	negative	multiplicado
multiplied	positive	multiplicó
multiplied	sadness	multiplicado
multiplied	surprise	multiplicó
multiplied	trust	villa
villa	anger	de villa
villa	anticipation	de villa
villa	disgust	multiplicada
villa	fear	villa
villa	joy	de villa
villa	negative	de villa
villa	positive	de villa
villa	sadness	pavo real
villa	surprise	de villa
villa	trust	de villa
peacock	anger	de villa
peacock	anticipation	pavo real
peacock	disgust	de pavo real
peacock	fear	de pavo real
peacock	joy	de pavo real
peacock	negative	pavo real
peacock	positive	de pavo real
peacock	sadness	de pavo real
peacock	surprise	de pavo real
peacock	trust	pavo real
stallion	anger	stallion
stallion	anticipation	stallion
stallion	disgust	stallion
stallion	fear	stallion
stallion	joy	stallion
stallion	negative	stallion
stallion	positive	stallion
stallion	sadness	stallion
stallion	surprise	stallion
stallion	trust	stallion
pants	anger	pantalones
pants	anticipation	de pantalones
pants	disgust	de pantalones
pants	fear	de pantalones
pants	joy	pantalones
pants	negative	de pantalones
pants	positive	de pantalones
pants	sadness	de pantalones
pants	surprise	pantalones
pants	trust	de pantalones
lop	anger	lop
lop	anticipation	lop
lop	disgust	lop
lop	fear	lop
lop	joy	lop
lop	negative	lop
lop	positive	lop
lop	sadness	lop
lop	surprise	lop
lop	trust	lop
saturate	anger	saturate
saturate	anticipation	saturate
saturate	disgust	saturate
saturate	fear	saturate
saturate	joy	saturate
saturate	negative	saturate
saturate	positive	saturate
saturate	sadness	saturate
saturate	surprise	saturate
saturate	trust	saturate
mattress	anger	colchón
mattress	anticipation	de colchón
mattress	disgust	de colchón
mattress	fear	de colchón
mattress	joy	colchón
mattress	negative	de colchón
mattress	positive	de colchón
mattress	sadness	de colchón
mattress	surprise	colchón
mattress	trust	de colchón
authorized	anger	autorizó
authorized	anticipation	autorizado
authorized	disgust	autorizó
authorized	fear	autorizado
authorized	joy	autorizó
authorized	negative	autorizado
authorized	positive	autorizó
authorized	sadness	autorizado
authorized	surprise	autorizó
authorized	trust	déficit
deficit	anger	de déficit
deficit	anticipation	de déficit
deficit	disgust	autorizado
deficit	fear	déficit
deficit	joy	de déficit
deficit	negative	de déficit
deficit	positive	de déficit
deficit	sadness	déficit
deficit	surprise	de déficit
deficit	trust	del déficit
jeweler	anger	jeweler
jeweler	anticipation	jeweler
jeweler	disgust	jeweler
jeweler	fear	jeweler
jeweler	joy	jeweler
jeweler	negative	jeweler
jeweler	positive	jeweler
jeweler	sadness	jeweler
jeweler	surprise	jeweler
jeweler	trust	jeweler
stain	anger	mancha
stain	anticipation	de mancha
stain	disgust	de mancha
stain	fear	de mancha
stain	joy	mancha
stain	negative	de mancha
stain	positive	de mancha
stain	sadness	de mancha
stain	surprise	mancha
stain	trust	de mancha
opus	anger	opus
opus	anticipation	opus
opus	disgust	opus
opus	fear	opus
opus	joy	opus
opus	negative	opus
opus	positive	opus
opus	sadness	opus
opus	surprise	opus
opus	trust	opus
parting	anger	separando
parting	anticipation	separando
parting	disgust	separando
parting	fear	separando
parting	joy	separando
parting	negative	separando
parting	positive	separando
parting	sadness	separando
parting	surprise	separando
parting	trust	separando
designer	anger	diseñador
designer	anticipation	de diseñador
designer	disgust	de diseñador
designer	fear	de diseñador
designer	joy	diseñador
designer	negative	de diseñador
designer	positive	de diseñador
designer	sadness	de diseñador
designer	surprise	diseñador
designer	trust	de diseñador que
frowning	anger	arruga la frente
frowning	anticipation	arrugando la frente
frowning	disgust	arrugando la frente
frowning	fear	arrugando la frente
frowning	joy	arrugando la frente
frowning	negative	arrugando la frente
frowning	positive	arrugando la frente
frowning	sadness	arrugando la frente
frowning	surprise	arrugando la frente
frowning	trust	arrugando la frente
quotation	anger	mención
quotation	anticipation	de mención
quotation	disgust	de mención
quotation	fear	de mención
quotation	joy	mención
quotation	negative	de mención
quotation	positive	de mención
quotation	sadness	de mención
quotation	surprise	mención
quotation	trust	de mención
black	anger	negra
black	anticipation	negro
black	disgust	negro
black	fear	negro
black	joy	negro
black	negative	negro
black	positive	negro
black	sadness	negro
black	surprise	negro
black	trust	negro
permeable	anger	permeable
permeable	anticipation	permeable
permeable	disgust	permeable
permeable	fear	permeable
permeable	joy	permeable
permeable	negative	permeable
permeable	positive	permeable
permeable	sadness	anverso
permeable	surprise	de anverso
permeable	trust	permeable
obverse	anger	permeable
obverse	anticipation	permeable
obverse	disgust	anverso
obverse	fear	de anverso
obverse	joy	de anverso
obverse	negative	de anverso
obverse	positive	anverso
obverse	sadness	de anverso
obverse	surprise	de anverso
obverse	trust	de anverso
religious	anger	religioso
religious	anticipation	religioso
religious	disgust	religioso
religious	fear	religioso
religious	joy	religioso
religious	negative	religioso
religious	positive	religioso
religious	sadness	religioso
religious	surprise	religioso
religious	trust	religioso
honeycomb	anger	honeycomb
honeycomb	anticipation	honeycomb
honeycomb	disgust	honeycomb
honeycomb	fear	honeycomb
honeycomb	joy	honeycomb
honeycomb	negative	honeycomb
honeycomb	positive	honeycomb
honeycomb	sadness	honeycomb
honeycomb	surprise	honeycomb
honeycomb	trust	honeycomb
historic	anger	histórico
historic	anticipation	histórico
historic	disgust	histórico
historic	fear	histórico
historic	joy	histórico
historic	negative	histórico
historic	positive	histórico
historic	sadness	anatema
historic	surprise	de anatema
historic	trust	histórica
anathema	anger	histórica
anathema	anticipation	histórica
anathema	disgust	anatema
anathema	fear	de anatema
anathema	joy	de anatema
anathema	negative	de anatema
anathema	positive	anatema
anathema	sadness	de anatema
anathema	surprise	de anatema
anathema	trust	de anatema
boston	anger	boston
boston	anticipation	boston
boston	disgust	boston
boston	fear	boston
boston	joy	boston
boston	negative	boston
boston	positive	boston
boston	sadness	boston
boston	surprise	boston
boston	trust	boston
wood	anger	madera
wood	anticipation	de madera
wood	disgust	de madera
wood	fear	de madera
wood	joy	madera
wood	negative	de madera
wood	positive	de madera
wood	sadness	de madera
wood	surprise	odio
wood	trust	de odio
hate	anger	de madera
hate	anticipation	de madera
hate	disgust	odio
hate	fear	de odio
hate	joy	de odio
hate	negative	de odio
hate	positive	odio
hate	sadness	de odio
hate	surprise	de odio
hate	trust	de odio
pleated	anger	pleated
pleated	anticipation	pleated
pleated	disgust	pleated
pleated	fear	pleated
pleated	joy	pleated
pleated	negative	pleated
pleated	positive	pleated
pleated	sadness	pleated
pleated	surprise	pleated
pleated	trust	pleated
unknowable	anger	incognoscible
unknowable	anticipation	incognoscible
unknowable	disgust	incognoscible
unknowable	fear	incognoscible
unknowable	joy	incognoscible
unknowable	negative	incognoscible
unknowable	positive	incognoscible
unknowable	sadness	incognoscible
unknowable	surprise	incognoscible
unknowable	trust	incognoscible
moody	anger	moody
moody	anticipation	moody
moody	disgust	moody
moody	fear	moody
moody	joy	moody
moody	negative	moody
moody	positive	moody
moody	sadness	moody
moody	surprise	moody
moody	trust	moody
euchre	anger	euchre
euchre	anticipation	euchre
euchre	disgust	euchre
euchre	fear	euchre
euchre	joy	euchre
euchre	negative	euchre
euchre	positive	euchre
euchre	sadness	euchre
euchre	surprise	euchre
euchre	trust	euchre
animation	anger	animación
animation	anticipation	de animación
animation	disgust	de animación
animation	fear	de animación
animation	joy	animación
animation	negative	de animación
animation	positive	de animación
animation	sadness	de animación
animation	surprise	animación
animation	trust	de animación
create	anger	crea
create	anticipation	crear
create	disgust	crear
create	fear	crear
create	joy	crear
create	negative	crear
create	positive	crear
create	sadness	crear
create	surprise	crear
create	trust	crear
kos	anger	kos
kos	anticipation	kos
kos	disgust	kos
kos	fear	kos
kos	joy	kos
kos	negative	kos
kos	positive	kos
kos	sadness	kos
kos	surprise	kos
kos	trust	kos
daydreaming	anger	daydreaming
daydreaming	anticipation	daydreaming
daydreaming	disgust	daydreaming
daydreaming	fear	daydreaming
daydreaming	joy	daydreaming
daydreaming	negative	daydreaming
daydreaming	positive	daydreaming
daydreaming	sadness	daydreaming
daydreaming	surprise	daydreaming
daydreaming	trust	daydreaming
simulating	anger	simulando
simulating	anticipation	simulando
simulating	disgust	simulando
simulating	fear	simulando
simulating	joy	simulando
simulating	negative	simulando
simulating	positive	simulando
simulating	sadness	simulando
simulating	surprise	simulando
simulating	trust	simulando
continuity	anger	continuidad
continuity	anticipation	de continuidad
continuity	disgust	de continuidad
continuity	fear	de continuidad
continuity	joy	continuidad
continuity	negative	de continuidad
continuity	positive	de continuidad
continuity	sadness	de continuidad
continuity	surprise	continuidad
continuity	trust	de continuidad
romance	anger	románica
romance	anticipation	románico
romance	disgust	románico
romance	fear	románico
romance	joy	románico
romance	negative	románico
romance	positive	idilio
romance	sadness	románico
romance	surprise	románico
romance	trust	románico
altered	anger	alteró
altered	anticipation	alterado
altered	disgust	alteró
altered	fear	alterado
altered	joy	alteró
altered	negative	alterado
altered	positive	alteró
altered	sadness	alterado
altered	surprise	alteró
altered	trust	pan
bread	anger	de pan
bread	anticipation	de pan
bread	disgust	alterado
bread	fear	pan
bread	joy	de pan
bread	negative	de pan
bread	positive	de pan
bread	sadness	hipocresía
bread	surprise	de pan
bread	trust	de pan
hypocrisy	anger	de pan
hypocrisy	anticipation	hipocresía
hypocrisy	disgust	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	fear	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	joy	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	negative	hipocresía
hypocrisy	positive	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	sadness	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	surprise	de hipocresía
hypocrisy	trust	hipocresía
antiviral	anger	antiviral
antiviral	anticipation	antiviral
antiviral	disgust	antiviral
antiviral	fear	antiviral
antiviral	joy	antiviral
antiviral	negative	antiviral
antiviral	positive	antiviral
antiviral	sadness	antiviral
antiviral	surprise	antiviral
antiviral	trust	antiviral
totality	anger	totality
totality	anticipation	totality
totality	disgust	totality
totality	fear	totality
totality	joy	totality
totality	negative	totality
totality	positive	totality
totality	sadness	totality
totality	surprise	totality
totality	trust	totality
multiple	anger	múltiple
multiple	anticipation	múltiple
multiple	disgust	múltiple
multiple	fear	múltiple
multiple	joy	múltiple
multiple	negative	múltiple
multiple	positive	múltiple
multiple	sadness	ministerio
multiple	surprise	de ministerio
multiple	trust	múltiple
ministry	anger	múltiple
ministry	anticipation	múltiple
ministry	disgust	ministerio
ministry	fear	de ministerio
ministry	joy	de ministerio
ministry	negative	de ministerio
ministry	positive	ministerio
ministry	sadness	de ministerio
ministry	surprise	de ministerio
ministry	trust	de ministerio
consignment	anger	consignment
consignment	anticipation	consignment
consignment	disgust	consignment
consignment	fear	consignment
consignment	joy	consignment
consignment	negative	consignment
consignment	positive	consignment
consignment	sadness	consignment
consignment	surprise	consignment
consignment	trust	consignment
feudalism	anger	feudalismo
feudalism	anticipation	de feudalismo
feudalism	disgust	de feudalismo
feudalism	fear	de feudalismo
feudalism	joy	feudalismo
feudalism	negative	de feudalismo
feudalism	positive	de feudalismo
feudalism	sadness	de feudalismo
feudalism	surprise	feudalismo
feudalism	trust	de feudalismo
cove	anger	cove
cove	anticipation	cove
cove	disgust	cove
cove	fear	cove
cove	joy	cove
cove	negative	cove
cove	positive	cove
cove	sadness	cove
cove	surprise	cove
cove	trust	cove
gut	anger	gut
gut	anticipation	gut
gut	disgust	gut
gut	fear	gut
gut	joy	gut
gut	negative	gut
gut	positive	gut
gut	sadness	gut
gut	surprise	gut
gut	trust	gut
wrapping	anger	envolviendo
wrapping	anticipation	envoltorio
wrapping	disgust	de envoltorio
wrapping	fear	de envoltorio
wrapping	joy	de envoltorio
wrapping	negative	envoltorio
wrapping	positive	de envoltorio
wrapping	sadness	de envoltorio
wrapping	surprise	de envoltorio
wrapping	trust	sebo
tallow	anger	de sebo
tallow	anticipation	de sebo
tallow	disgust	de envoltorio
tallow	fear	sebo
tallow	joy	de sebo
tallow	negative	de sebo
tallow	positive	de sebo
tallow	sadness	sebo
tallow	surprise	de sebo
tallow	trust	del sebo
marl	anger	marl
marl	anticipation	marl
marl	disgust	marl
marl	fear	marl
marl	joy	marl
marl	negative	marl
marl	positive	marl
marl	sadness	marl
marl	surprise	marl
marl	trust	marl
adventure	anger	aventura
adventure	anticipation	de aventura
adventure	disgust	de aventura
adventure	fear	de aventura
adventure	joy	aventura
adventure	negative	de aventura
adventure	positive	de aventura
adventure	sadness	de aventura
adventure	surprise	comunión
adventure	trust	de comunión
communion	anger	de aventura
communion	anticipation	de aventura
communion	disgust	comunión
communion	fear	de comunión
communion	joy	de comunión
communion	negative	de comunión
communion	positive	comunión
communion	sadness	de comunión
communion	surprise	de comunión
communion	trust	de comunión
grade	anger	grado
grade	anticipation	de grado
grade	disgust	de grado
grade	fear	de grado
grade	joy	grado
grade	negative	de grado
grade	positive	de grado
grade	sadness	de grado
grade	surprise	grado
grade	trust	de grado
temporary	anger	provisional
temporary	anticipation	provisional
temporary	disgust	provisional
temporary	fear	provisional
temporary	joy	provisional
temporary	negative	provisional
temporary	positive	provisional
temporary	sadness	misterio
temporary	surprise	de misterio
temporary	trust	provisional
mystery	anger	provisional
mystery	anticipation	provisional
mystery	disgust	misterio
mystery	fear	de misterio
mystery	joy	de misterio
mystery	negative	de misterio
mystery	positive	misterio
mystery	sadness	de misterio
mystery	surprise	de misterio
mystery	trust	de misterio
granular	anger	granular
granular	anticipation	granular
granular	disgust	granular
granular	fear	granular
granular	joy	granular
granular	negative	granular
granular	positive	granular
granular	sadness	granular
granular	surprise	granular
granular	trust	granular
chosen	anger	escogido
chosen	anticipation	escogido
chosen	disgust	escogido
chosen	fear	escogido
chosen	joy	escogido
chosen	negative	escogido
chosen	positive	escogido
chosen	sadness	escogido
chosen	surprise	escogido
chosen	trust	escogido
orthodox	anger	orthodox
orthodox	anticipation	orthodox
orthodox	disgust	orthodox
orthodox	fear	orthodox
orthodox	joy	orthodox
orthodox	negative	orthodox
orthodox	positive	orthodox
orthodox	sadness	orthodox
orthodox	surprise	orthodox
orthodox	trust	orthodox
theocracy	anger	teocracia
theocracy	anticipation	de teocracia
theocracy	disgust	de teocracia
theocracy	fear	de teocracia
theocracy	joy	teocracia
theocracy	negative	de teocracia
theocracy	positive	de teocracia
theocracy	sadness	de teocracia
theocracy	surprise	alquiler
theocracy	trust	de alquiler
rental	anger	de teocracia
rental	anticipation	de teocracia
rental	disgust	alquiler
rental	fear	de alquiler
rental	joy	de alquiler
rental	negative	de alquiler
rental	positive	alquiler
rental	sadness	de alquiler
rental	surprise	de alquiler
rental	trust	de alquiler
cape	anger	cabo
cape	anticipation	de cabo
cape	disgust	de cabo
cape	fear	de cabo
cape	joy	cabo
cape	negative	de cabo
cape	positive	de cabo
cape	sadness	de cabo
cape	surprise	pista
cape	trust	de pista
clue	anger	de cabo
clue	anticipation	de cabo
clue	disgust	pista
clue	fear	de pista
clue	joy	de pista
clue	negative	de pista
clue	positive	pista
clue	sadness	de pista
clue	surprise	de pista
clue	trust	de pista
prototype	anger	prototipo
prototype	anticipation	de prototipo
prototype	disgust	de prototipo
prototype	fear	de prototipo
prototype	joy	prototipo
prototype	negative	de prototipo
prototype	positive	de prototipo
prototype	sadness	de prototipo
prototype	surprise	bebida
prototype	trust	de bebida
drink	anger	de prototipo
drink	anticipation	de prototipo
drink	disgust	bebida
drink	fear	de bebida
drink	joy	de bebida
drink	negative	de bebida
drink	positive	bebida
drink	sadness	de bebida
drink	surprise	de bebida
drink	trust	de bebida
futility	anger	inutilidad
futility	anticipation	de inutilidad
futility	disgust	de inutilidad
futility	fear	de inutilidad
futility	joy	inutilidad
futility	negative	de inutilidad
futility	positive	de inutilidad
futility	sadness	de inutilidad
futility	surprise	platillo
futility	trust	de platillo
cymbal	anger	de inutilidad
cymbal	anticipation	de inutilidad
cymbal	disgust	platillo
cymbal	fear	de platillo
cymbal	joy	de platillo
cymbal	negative	de platillo
cymbal	positive	platillo
cymbal	sadness	de platillo
cymbal	surprise	de platillo
cymbal	trust	de platillo
rebuild	anger	reconstruye
rebuild	anticipation	reconstruir
rebuild	disgust	reconstruir
rebuild	fear	reconstruir
rebuild	joy	reconstruir
rebuild	negative	reconstruir
rebuild	positive	reconstruir
rebuild	sadness	reconstruir
rebuild	surprise	reconstruir
rebuild	trust	reconstruir
spousal	anger	spousal
spousal	anticipation	spousal
spousal	disgust	spousal
spousal	fear	spousal
spousal	joy	spousal
spousal	negative	spousal
spousal	positive	spousal
spousal	sadness	spousal
spousal	surprise	spousal
spousal	trust	spousal
duration	anger	duración
duration	anticipation	de duración
duration	disgust	de duración
duration	fear	de duración
duration	joy	duración
duration	negative	de duración
duration	positive	de duración
duration	sadness	de duración
duration	surprise	duración
duration	trust	de duración
notional	anger	notional
notional	anticipation	notional
notional	disgust	notional
notional	fear	notional
notional	joy	notional
notional	negative	notional
notional	positive	notional
notional	sadness	notional
notional	surprise	notional
notional	trust	notional
inauguration	anger	inauguración
inauguration	anticipation	de inauguración
inauguration	disgust	de inauguración
inauguration	fear	de inauguración
inauguration	joy	inauguración
inauguration	negative	de inauguración
inauguration	positive	de inauguración
inauguration	sadness	de inauguración
inauguration	surprise	inauguración
inauguration	trust	de inauguración
demonstrative	anger	demonstrative
demonstrative	anticipation	demonstrative
demonstrative	disgust	demonstrative
demonstrative	fear	demonstrative
demonstrative	joy	demonstrative
demonstrative	negative	demonstrative
demonstrative	positive	demonstrative
demonstrative	sadness	demonstrative
demonstrative	surprise	demonstrative
demonstrative	trust	demonstrative
paradoxical	anger	paradójico
paradoxical	anticipation	paradójico
paradoxical	disgust	paradójico
paradoxical	fear	paradójico
paradoxical	joy	paradójico
paradoxical	negative	paradójico
paradoxical	positive	paradójico
paradoxical	sadness	amante
paradoxical	surprise	de amante
paradoxical	trust	paradójico
lover	anger	paradójico
lover	anticipation	paradójico
lover	disgust	amante
lover	fear	de amante
lover	joy	de amante
lover	negative	de amante
lover	positive	amante
lover	sadness	de amante
lover	surprise	de amante
lover	trust	de amante
warned	anger	advirtió
warned	anticipation	advertido
warned	disgust	advirtió
warned	fear	advertido
warned	joy	advirtió
warned	negative	advertido
warned	positive	advirtió
warned	sadness	advertido
warned	surprise	advirtió
warned	trust	resolución
resolution	anger	de resolución
resolution	anticipation	de resolución
resolution	disgust	advertida
resolution	fear	resolución
resolution	joy	de resolución
resolution	negative	de resolución
resolution	positive	de resolución
resolution	sadness	resolución
resolution	surprise	de resolución
resolution	trust	de la resolución
tick	anger	tick
tick	anticipation	tick
tick	disgust	tick
tick	fear	tick
tick	joy	tick
tick	negative	tick
tick	positive	tick
tick	sadness	tick
tick	surprise	tick
tick	trust	tick
runaway	anger	runaway
runaway	anticipation	runaway
runaway	disgust	runaway
runaway	fear	runaway
runaway	joy	runaway
runaway	negative	runaway
runaway	positive	runaway
runaway	sadness	runaway
runaway	surprise	runaway
runaway	trust	runaway
infusion	anger	infusión
infusion	anticipation	de infusión
infusion	disgust	de infusión
infusion	fear	de infusión
infusion	joy	infusión
infusion	negative	de infusión
infusion	positive	de infusión
infusion	sadness	de infusión
infusion	surprise	infusión
infusion	trust	de infusión
prog	anger	prog
prog	anticipation	prog
prog	disgust	prog
prog	fear	prog
prog	joy	prog
prog	negative	prog
prog	positive	prog
prog	sadness	prog
prog	surprise	prog
prog	trust	prog
hasten	anger	acuciar
hasten	anticipation	acuciar
hasten	disgust	acuciar
hasten	fear	acuciar
hasten	joy	acuciar
hasten	negative	acuciar
hasten	positive	acuciar
hasten	sadness	acuciar
hasten	surprise	acuciar
hasten	trust	acuciar
writing	anger	escribiendo
writing	anticipation	escritura
writing	disgust	de escritura
writing	fear	de escritura
writing	joy	de escritura
writing	negative	escritura
writing	positive	de escritura
writing	sadness	de escritura
writing	surprise	de escritura
writing	trust	florista
florist	anger	de florista
florist	anticipation	de florista
florist	disgust	de escritura
florist	fear	florista
florist	joy	de florista
florist	negative	de florista
florist	positive	de florista
florist	sadness	florista
florist	surprise	de florista
florist	trust	del florista
marry	anger	casa
marry	anticipation	casar
marry	disgust	casar
marry	fear	casar
marry	joy	casar
marry	negative	casar
marry	positive	casar
marry	sadness	casar
marry	surprise	casar
marry	trust	casar
decreasing	anger	decrecimiento
decreasing	anticipation	de decrecimiento
decreasing	disgust	de decrecimiento
decreasing	fear	de decrecimiento
decreasing	joy	decrecimiento
decreasing	negative	de decrecimiento
decreasing	positive	de decrecimiento
decreasing	sadness	de decrecimiento
decreasing	surprise	decrecimiento
decreasing	trust	de decrecimiento
strenuous	anger	agotador
strenuous	anticipation	agotador
strenuous	disgust	agotador
strenuous	fear	agotador
strenuous	joy	agotador
strenuous	negative	agotador
strenuous	positive	agotador
strenuous	sadness	agotador
strenuous	surprise	agotador
strenuous	trust	agotador
remedial	anger	terapéutico
remedial	anticipation	terapéutico
remedial	disgust	terapéutico
remedial	fear	terapéutico
remedial	joy	terapéutico
remedial	negative	terapéutico
remedial	positive	terapéutico
remedial	sadness	terapéutico
remedial	surprise	terapéutico
remedial	trust	terapéutico
whack	anger	whack
whack	anticipation	whack
whack	disgust	whack
whack	fear	whack
whack	joy	whack
whack	negative	whack
whack	positive	whack
whack	sadness	whack
whack	surprise	whack
whack	trust	whack
underpaid	anger	underpaid
underpaid	anticipation	underpaid
underpaid	disgust	underpaid
underpaid	fear	underpaid
underpaid	joy	underpaid
underpaid	negative	underpaid
underpaid	positive	underpaid
underpaid	sadness	underpaid
underpaid	surprise	underpaid
underpaid	trust	underpaid
call	anger	llamada
call	anticipation	de llamada
call	disgust	de llamada
call	fear	de llamada
call	joy	llamada
call	negative	de llamada
call	positive	de llamada
call	sadness	de llamada
call	surprise	ticket
call	trust	de ticket
ticket	anger	de llamada
ticket	anticipation	de llamada
ticket	disgust	ticket
ticket	fear	de ticket
ticket	joy	de ticket
ticket	negative	de ticket
ticket	positive	ticket
ticket	sadness	de ticket
ticket	surprise	de ticket
ticket	trust	de ticket
claws	anger	claws
claws	anticipation	claws
claws	disgust	claws
claws	fear	claws
claws	joy	claws
claws	negative	claws
claws	positive	claws
claws	sadness	claws
claws	surprise	claws
claws	trust	claws
dextrose	anger	dextrosa
dextrose	anticipation	de dextrosa
dextrose	disgust	de dextrosa
dextrose	fear	de dextrosa
dextrose	joy	dextrosa
dextrose	negative	de dextrosa
dextrose	positive	de dextrosa
dextrose	sadness	de dextrosa
dextrose	surprise	cártel
dextrose	trust	de cártel
cartel	anger	de dextrosa
cartel	anticipation	de dextrosa
cartel	disgust	cártel
cartel	fear	de cártel
cartel	joy	de cártel
cartel	negative	de cártel
cartel	positive	cártel
cartel	sadness	de cártel
cartel	surprise	de cártel
cartel	trust	de cártel
environment	anger	entorno
environment	anticipation	de entorno
environment	disgust	de entorno
environment	fear	de entorno
environment	joy	entorno
environment	negative	de entorno
environment	positive	de entorno
environment	sadness	de entorno
environment	surprise	buzos
environment	trust	de buzos
divers	anger	de entorno
divers	anticipation	de entorno
divers	disgust	buzos
divers	fear	de buzos
divers	joy	de buzos
divers	negative	de buzos
divers	positive	buzos
divers	sadness	de buzos
divers	surprise	de buzos
divers	trust	de buzos
probative	anger	probative
probative	anticipation	probative
probative	disgust	probative
probative	fear	probative
probative	joy	probative
probative	negative	probative
probative	positive	probative
probative	sadness	probative
probative	surprise	probative
probative	trust	probative
jewel	anger	joya
jewel	anticipation	de joya
jewel	disgust	de joya
jewel	fear	de joya
jewel	joy	joya
jewel	negative	de joya
jewel	positive	de joya
jewel	sadness	de joya
jewel	surprise	joya
jewel	trust	de joya
bonne	anger	bonne
bonne	anticipation	bonne
bonne	disgust	bonne
bonne	fear	bonne
bonne	joy	bonne
bonne	negative	bonne
bonne	positive	bonne
bonne	sadness	bonne
bonne	surprise	bonne
bonne	trust	bonne
comment	anger	comentario
comment	anticipation	de comentario
comment	disgust	de comentario
comment	fear	de comentario
comment	joy	comentario
comment	negative	de comentario
comment	positive	de comentario
comment	sadness	de comentario
comment	surprise	tarro
comment	trust	de tarro
jar	anger	de comentario
jar	anticipation	de comentario
jar	disgust	tarro
jar	fear	de tarro
jar	joy	de tarro
jar	negative	de tarro
jar	positive	tarro
jar	sadness	de tarro
jar	surprise	de tarro
jar	trust	de tarro
humble	anger	humilde
humble	anticipation	humilde
humble	disgust	humilde
humble	fear	humilde
humble	joy	humilde
humble	negative	humilde
humble	positive	humilde
humble	sadness	escolta
humble	surprise	de escolta
humble	trust	humilde
escort	anger	humilde
escort	anticipation	humilde
escort	disgust	escolta
escort	fear	de escolta
escort	joy	de escolta
escort	negative	de escolta
escort	positive	escolta
escort	sadness	de escolta
escort	surprise	de escolta
escort	trust	de escolta
recesses	anger	los recesos
recesses	anticipation	rebaja
recesses	disgust	los recesos
recesses	fear	rebaja
recesses	joy	los recesos
recesses	negative	rebaja
recesses	positive	los recesos
recesses	sadness	rebaja
recesses	surprise	los recesos
recesses	trust	rebaja
items	anger	elementos
items	anticipation	de elementos
items	disgust	de elementos
items	fear	de elementos
items	joy	elementos
items	negative	de elementos
items	positive	de elementos
items	sadness	de elementos
items	surprise	magnate
items	trust	de magnate
tycoon	anger	de elementos
tycoon	anticipation	de elementos
tycoon	disgust	magnate
tycoon	fear	de magnate
tycoon	joy	de magnate
tycoon	negative	de magnate
tycoon	positive	magnate
tycoon	sadness	de magnate
tycoon	surprise	de magnate
tycoon	trust	de magnate
authorize	anger	autoriza
authorize	anticipation	autorizar
authorize	disgust	autorizar
authorize	fear	autorizar
authorize	joy	autorizar
authorize	negative	autorizar
authorize	positive	autorizar
authorize	sadness	autorizar
authorize	surprise	autorizar
authorize	trust	autorizar
durability	anger	durabilidad
durability	anticipation	de durabilidad
durability	disgust	de durabilidad
durability	fear	de durabilidad
durability	joy	durabilidad
durability	negative	de durabilidad
durability	positive	de durabilidad
durability	sadness	de durabilidad
durability	surprise	postura
durability	trust	de postura
posture	anger	de durabilidad
posture	anticipation	de durabilidad
posture	disgust	postura
posture	fear	de postura
posture	joy	de postura
posture	negative	de postura
posture	positive	postura
posture	sadness	de postura
posture	surprise	de postura
posture	trust	de postura
lopsided	anger	lopsided
lopsided	anticipation	lopsided
lopsided	disgust	lopsided
lopsided	fear	lopsided
lopsided	joy	lopsided
lopsided	negative	lopsided
lopsided	positive	lopsided
lopsided	sadness	lopsided
lopsided	surprise	lopsided
lopsided	trust	lopsided
larva	anger	larva
larva	anticipation	de larva
larva	disgust	de larva
larva	fear	de larva
larva	joy	larva
larva	negative	de larva
larva	positive	de larva
larva	sadness	de larva
larva	surprise	larva
larva	trust	de larva
unapproved	anger	unapproved
unapproved	anticipation	unapproved
unapproved	disgust	unapproved
unapproved	fear	unapproved
unapproved	joy	unapproved
unapproved	negative	unapproved
unapproved	positive	unapproved
unapproved	sadness	unapproved
unapproved	surprise	unapproved
unapproved	trust	unapproved
anomaly	anger	anomalía
anomaly	anticipation	de anomalía
anomaly	disgust	de anomalía
anomaly	fear	de anomalía
anomaly	joy	anomalía
anomaly	negative	de anomalía
anomaly	positive	de anomalía
anomaly	sadness	de anomalía
anomaly	surprise	anomalía
anomaly	trust	de anomalía
informal	anger	informal
informal	anticipation	informal
informal	disgust	informal
informal	fear	informal
informal	joy	informal
informal	negative	informal
informal	positive	informal
informal	sadness	informal
informal	surprise	informal
informal	trust	informal
lubrication	anger	lubrication
lubrication	anticipation	lubrication
lubrication	disgust	lubrication
lubrication	fear	lubrication
lubrication	joy	lubrication
lubrication	negative	lubrication
lubrication	positive	lubrication
lubrication	sadness	lubrication
lubrication	surprise	lubrication
lubrication	trust	lubrication
omega	anger	omega
omega	anticipation	omega
omega	disgust	omega
omega	fear	omega
omega	joy	omega
omega	negative	omega
omega	positive	omega
omega	sadness	omega
omega	surprise	omega
omega	trust	omega
distinction	anger	distinción
distinction	anticipation	de distinción
distinction	disgust	de distinción
distinction	fear	de distinción
distinction	joy	distinción
distinction	negative	de distinción
distinction	positive	de distinción
distinction	sadness	de distinción
distinction	surprise	distinción
distinction	trust	de distinción
bombed	anger	bombardeó
bombed	anticipation	bombardeada
bombed	disgust	bombardeó
bombed	fear	bombardeado
bombed	joy	bombardeó
bombed	negative	bombardeado
bombed	positive	bombardeó
bombed	sadness	bombardeado
bombed	surprise	bombardeó
bombed	trust	bufete
buffet	anger	de bufete
buffet	anticipation	de bufete
buffet	disgust	bombardeado
buffet	fear	bufete
buffet	joy	de bufete
buffet	negative	de bufete
buffet	positive	de bufete
buffet	sadness	paquete
buffet	surprise	de bufete
buffet	trust	de bufete
packet	anger	de bufete
packet	anticipation	paquete
packet	disgust	de paquete
packet	fear	de paquete
packet	joy	de paquete
packet	negative	paquete
packet	positive	de paquete
packet	sadness	de paquete
packet	surprise	de paquete
packet	trust	curvatura
curvature	anger	de curvatura
curvature	anticipation	de curvatura
curvature	disgust	de paquete
curvature	fear	curvatura
curvature	joy	de curvatura
curvature	negative	de curvatura
curvature	positive	de curvatura
curvature	sadness	curvatura
curvature	surprise	de curvatura
curvature	trust	de la curvatura
unison	anger	unison
unison	anticipation	unison
unison	disgust	unison
unison	fear	unison
unison	joy	unison
unison	negative	unison
unison	positive	unison
unison	sadness	unison
unison	surprise	unison
unison	trust	unison
pavilion	anger	pabellón
pavilion	anticipation	de pabellón
pavilion	disgust	de pabellón
pavilion	fear	de pabellón
pavilion	joy	pabellón
pavilion	negative	de pabellón
pavilion	positive	de pabellón
pavilion	sadness	de pabellón
pavilion	surprise	inundación
pavilion	trust	de inundación
inundation	anger	de pabellón
inundation	anticipation	de pabellón
inundation	disgust	inundación
inundation	fear	de inundación
inundation	joy	de inundación
inundation	negative	de inundación
inundation	positive	inundación
inundation	sadness	de inundación
inundation	surprise	de inundación
inundation	trust	de inundación
gasping	anger	gasping
gasping	anticipation	gasping
gasping	disgust	gasping
gasping	fear	gasping
gasping	joy	gasping
gasping	negative	gasping
gasping	positive	gasping
gasping	sadness	gasping
gasping	surprise	gasping
gasping	trust	gasping
courts	anger	tribunales
courts	anticipation	de tribunales
courts	disgust	de tribunales
courts	fear	de tribunales
courts	joy	tribunales
courts	negative	de tribunales
courts	positive	de tribunales
courts	sadness	de tribunales
courts	surprise	tribunales
courts	trust	de tribunales
details	anger	detalla
details	anticipation	los detalles
details	disgust	detalla
details	fear	los detalles
details	joy	detalla
details	negative	los detalles
details	positive	detalla
details	sadness	los detalles
details	surprise	detalla
details	trust	detalles
inverse	anger	inverse
inverse	anticipation	inverse
inverse	disgust	inverse
inverse	fear	inverse
inverse	joy	inverse
inverse	negative	inverse
inverse	positive	inverse
inverse	sadness	inverse
inverse	surprise	inverse
inverse	trust	inverse
trumpeter	anger	trumpeter
trumpeter	anticipation	trumpeter
trumpeter	disgust	trumpeter
trumpeter	fear	trumpeter
trumpeter	joy	trumpeter
trumpeter	negative	trumpeter
trumpeter	positive	trumpeter
trumpeter	sadness	trumpeter
trumpeter	surprise	trumpeter
trumpeter	trust	trumpeter
significant	anger	significativos
significant	anticipation	significativos
significant	disgust	significativos
significant	fear	significativos
significant	joy	significativos
significant	negative	significativos
significant	positive	significativos
significant	sadness	contorno
significant	surprise	de contorno
significant	trust	significativo
contour	anger	significativo
contour	anticipation	significativo
contour	disgust	contorno
contour	fear	de contorno
contour	joy	de contorno
contour	negative	de contorno
contour	positive	contorno
contour	sadness	de contorno
contour	surprise	de contorno
contour	trust	de contorno
illegally	anger	ilegalmente
illegally	anticipation	ilegalmente
illegally	disgust	ilegalmente
illegally	fear	ilegalmente
illegally	joy	ilegalmente
illegally	negative	ilegalmente
illegally	positive	ilegalmente
illegally	sadness	ilegalmente
illegally	surprise	ilegalmente
illegally	trust	ilegalmente
saucer	anger	saucer
saucer	anticipation	saucer
saucer	disgust	saucer
saucer	fear	saucer
saucer	joy	saucer
saucer	negative	saucer
saucer	positive	saucer
saucer	sadness	saucer
saucer	surprise	saucer
saucer	trust	saucer
magnitude	anger	magnitud
magnitude	anticipation	de magnitud
magnitude	disgust	de magnitud
magnitude	fear	de magnitud
magnitude	joy	magnitud
magnitude	negative	de magnitud
magnitude	positive	de magnitud
magnitude	sadness	de magnitud
magnitude	surprise	magnitud
magnitude	trust	de magnitud
improvised	anger	improvisó
improvised	anticipation	improvisada
improvised	disgust	improvisó
improvised	fear	improvisado
improvised	joy	improvisó
improvised	negative	improvisado
improvised	positive	improvisó
improvised	sadness	improvisado
improvised	surprise	improvisó
improvised	trust	almirante
admiral	anger	de almirante
admiral	anticipation	de almirante
admiral	disgust	improvisado
admiral	fear	almirante
admiral	joy	de almirante
admiral	negative	de almirante
admiral	positive	de almirante
admiral	sadness	almirante
admiral	surprise	de almirante
admiral	trust	del almirante
annihilated	anger	aniquiló
annihilated	anticipation	aniquilado
annihilated	disgust	aniquiló
annihilated	fear	aniquilado
annihilated	joy	aniquiló
annihilated	negative	aniquilado
annihilated	positive	aniquiló
annihilated	sadness	aniquilado
annihilated	surprise	aniquiló
annihilated	trust	aniquilado
tarry	anger	tarry
tarry	anticipation	tarry
tarry	disgust	tarry
tarry	fear	tarry
tarry	joy	tarry
tarry	negative	tarry
tarry	positive	tarry
tarry	sadness	tarry
tarry	surprise	tarry
tarry	trust	tarry
curtailment	anger	restricción
curtailment	anticipation	de restricción
curtailment	disgust	de restricción
curtailment	fear	de restricción
curtailment	joy	restricción
curtailment	negative	de restricción
curtailment	positive	de restricción
curtailment	sadness	de restricción
curtailment	surprise	restricción
curtailment	trust	de restricción
whimsy	anger	whimsy
whimsy	anticipation	whimsy
whimsy	disgust	whimsy
whimsy	fear	whimsy
whimsy	joy	whimsy
whimsy	negative	whimsy
whimsy	positive	whimsy
whimsy	sadness	whimsy
whimsy	surprise	whimsy
whimsy	trust	whimsy
stint	anger	stint
stint	anticipation	stint
stint	disgust	stint
stint	fear	stint
stint	joy	stint
stint	negative	stint
stint	positive	stint
stint	sadness	stint
stint	surprise	stint
stint	trust	stint
neutral	anger	neutro
neutral	anticipation	neutro
neutral	disgust	neutro
neutral	fear	neutro
neutral	joy	neutro
neutral	negative	neutro
neutral	positive	neutro
neutral	sadness	neutro
neutral	surprise	neutro
neutral	trust	neutro
mobile	anger	móvil
mobile	anticipation	móvil
mobile	disgust	móvil
mobile	fear	móvil
mobile	joy	móvil
mobile	negative	móvil
mobile	positive	móvil
mobile	sadness	móvil
mobile	surprise	móvil
mobile	trust	móvil
idle	anger	idle
idle	anticipation	idle
idle	disgust	idle
idle	fear	idle
idle	joy	idle
idle	negative	idle
idle	positive	idle
idle	sadness	idle
idle	surprise	idle
idle	trust	idle
clip	anger	clip
clip	anticipation	de clip
clip	disgust	de clip
clip	fear	de clip
clip	joy	clip
clip	negative	de clip
clip	positive	de clip
clip	sadness	de clip
clip	surprise	clip
clip	trust	de clip
insulting	anger	insultando
insulting	anticipation	insultando
insulting	disgust	insultando
insulting	fear	insultando
insulting	joy	insultando
insulting	negative	insultando
insulting	positive	insultando
insulting	sadness	niñez
insulting	surprise	de niñez
insulting	trust	insultanda
childhood	anger	insultanda
childhood	anticipation	insultanda
childhood	disgust	niñez
childhood	fear	de niñez
childhood	joy	de niñez
childhood	negative	de niñez
childhood	positive	niñez
childhood	sadness	de niñez
childhood	surprise	de niñez
childhood	trust	de niñez
trusty	anger	trusty
trusty	anticipation	trusty
trusty	disgust	trusty
trusty	fear	trusty
trusty	joy	trusty
trusty	negative	trusty
trusty	positive	trusty
trusty	sadness	trusty
trusty	surprise	trusty
trusty	trust	trusty
plow	anger	arado
plow	anticipation	de arado
plow	disgust	de arado
plow	fear	de arado
plow	joy	arado
plow	negative	de arado
plow	positive	de arado
plow	sadness	de arado
plow	surprise	arado
plow	trust	de arado
exhortation	anger	exhortation
exhortation	anticipation	exhortation
exhortation	disgust	exhortation
exhortation	fear	exhortation
exhortation	joy	exhortation
exhortation	negative	exhortation
exhortation	positive	exhortation
exhortation	sadness	exhortation
exhortation	surprise	exhortation
exhortation	trust	exhortation
talk	anger	charla
talk	anticipation	de charla
talk	disgust	de charla
talk	fear	de charla
talk	joy	charla
talk	negative	de charla
talk	positive	de charla
talk	sadness	de charla
talk	surprise	charla
talk	trust	de charla
clubhouse	anger	clubhouse
clubhouse	anticipation	clubhouse
clubhouse	disgust	clubhouse
clubhouse	fear	clubhouse
clubhouse	joy	clubhouse
clubhouse	negative	clubhouse
clubhouse	positive	clubhouse
clubhouse	sadness	clubhouse
clubhouse	surprise	clubhouse
clubhouse	trust	clubhouse
salient	anger	saliente
salient	anticipation	saliente
salient	disgust	saliente
salient	fear	saliente
salient	joy	saliente
salient	negative	saliente
salient	positive	saliente
salient	sadness	divinidad
salient	surprise	de divinidad
salient	trust	saliente
divinity	anger	saliente
divinity	anticipation	saliente
divinity	disgust	divinidad
divinity	fear	de divinidad
divinity	joy	de divinidad
divinity	negative	de divinidad
divinity	positive	divinidad
divinity	sadness	de divinidad
divinity	surprise	de divinidad
divinity	trust	de divinidad
microscopically	anger	microscopically
microscopically	anticipation	microscopically
microscopically	disgust	microscopically
microscopically	fear	microscopically
microscopically	joy	microscopically
microscopically	negative	microscopically
microscopically	positive	microscopically
microscopically	sadness	microscopically
microscopically	surprise	microscopically
microscopically	trust	microscopically
cultivation	anger	cultivation
cultivation	anticipation	cultivation
cultivation	disgust	cultivation
cultivation	fear	cultivation
cultivation	joy	cultivation
cultivation	negative	cultivation
cultivation	positive	cultivation
cultivation	sadness	cultivation
cultivation	surprise	cultivation
cultivation	trust	cultivation
designed	anger	diseñó
designed	anticipation	diseñado
designed	disgust	diseñó
designed	fear	diseñado
designed	joy	diseñó
designed	negative	diseñado
designed	positive	diseñó
designed	sadness	diseñado
designed	surprise	diseñó
designed	trust	diseñado
predict	anger	pronosticar
predict	anticipation	pronosticar
predict	disgust	pronosticar
predict	fear	pronosticar
predict	joy	pronosticar
predict	negative	pronosticar
predict	positive	pronosticar
predict	sadness	pronosticar
predict	surprise	pronosticar
predict	trust	pronosticar
stewardship	anger	stewardship
stewardship	anticipation	stewardship
stewardship	disgust	stewardship
stewardship	fear	stewardship
stewardship	joy	stewardship
stewardship	negative	stewardship
stewardship	positive	stewardship
stewardship	sadness	stewardship
stewardship	surprise	stewardship
stewardship	trust	stewardship
post	anger	correo
post	anticipation	de correo
post	disgust	de correo
post	fear	de correo
post	joy	correo
post	negative	de correo
post	positive	de correo
post	sadness	de correo
post	surprise	clíper
post	trust	de clíper
clipper	anger	de correo
clipper	anticipation	de correo
clipper	disgust	clíper
clipper	fear	de clíper
clipper	joy	de clíper
clipper	negative	de clíper
clipper	positive	clíper
clipper	sadness	de clíper
clipper	surprise	de clíper
clipper	trust	de clíper
disappear	anger	desaparece
disappear	anticipation	desaparecer
disappear	disgust	desaparecer
disappear	fear	desaparecer
disappear	joy	desaparecer
disappear	negative	desaparecer
disappear	positive	desaparecer
disappear	sadness	desaparecer
disappear	surprise	desaparecer
disappear	trust	desaparecer
easily	anger	fácilmente
easily	anticipation	fácilmente
easily	disgust	fácilmente
easily	fear	fácilmente
easily	joy	fácilmente
easily	negative	fácilmente
easily	positive	fácilmente
easily	sadness	fácilmente
easily	surprise	fácilmente
easily	trust	fácilmente
bathroom	anger	baño
bathroom	anticipation	de baño
bathroom	disgust	de baño
bathroom	fear	de baño
bathroom	joy	baño
bathroom	negative	de baño
bathroom	positive	de baño
bathroom	sadness	de baño
bathroom	surprise	baño
bathroom	trust	de baño
subtle	anger	sutil
subtle	anticipation	sutil
subtle	disgust	sutil
subtle	fear	sutil
subtle	joy	sutil
subtle	negative	sutil
subtle	positive	sutil
subtle	sadness	sutil
subtle	surprise	sutil
subtle	trust	sutil
simultaneous	anger	simultáneo
simultaneous	anticipation	simultáneo
simultaneous	disgust	simultáneo
simultaneous	fear	simultáneo
simultaneous	joy	simultáneo
simultaneous	negative	simultáneo
simultaneous	positive	simultáneo
simultaneous	sadness	urdimbre
simultaneous	surprise	de urdimbre
simultaneous	trust	simultáneo
warp	anger	simultáneo
warp	anticipation	simultáneo
warp	disgust	urdimbre
warp	fear	de urdimbre
warp	joy	de urdimbre
warp	negative	de urdimbre
warp	positive	urdimbre
warp	sadness	de urdimbre
warp	surprise	de urdimbre
warp	trust	de urdimbre
outcry	anger	protesta
outcry	anticipation	de protesta
outcry	disgust	de protesta
outcry	fear	de protesta
outcry	joy	protesta
outcry	negative	de protesta
outcry	positive	de protesta
outcry	sadness	de protesta
outcry	surprise	protesta
outcry	trust	de protesta
ford	anger	ford
ford	anticipation	ford
ford	disgust	ford
ford	fear	ford
ford	joy	ford
ford	negative	ford
ford	positive	ford
ford	sadness	ford
ford	surprise	ford
ford	trust	ford
trident	anger	trident
trident	anticipation	trident
trident	disgust	trident
trident	fear	trident
trident	joy	trident
trident	negative	trident
trident	positive	trident
trident	sadness	trident
trident	surprise	trident
trident	trust	trident
phonology	anger	fonología
phonology	anticipation	de fonología
phonology	disgust	de fonología
phonology	fear	de fonología
phonology	joy	fonología
phonology	negative	de fonología
phonology	positive	de fonología
phonology	sadness	de fonología
phonology	surprise	legislación
phonology	trust	de legislación
legislation	anger	de fonología
legislation	anticipation	de fonología
legislation	disgust	legislación
legislation	fear	de legislación
legislation	joy	de legislación
legislation	negative	de legislación
legislation	positive	legislación
legislation	sadness	de legislación
legislation	surprise	de legislación
legislation	trust	de legislación
defunct	anger	difunta
defunct	anticipation	difunto
defunct	disgust	difunto
defunct	fear	difunto
defunct	joy	difunto
defunct	negative	difunto
defunct	positive	difunto
defunct	sadness	reborde
defunct	surprise	de reborde
defunct	trust	difunto
flange	anger	difunto
flange	anticipation	difunto
flange	disgust	reborde
flange	fear	de reborde
flange	joy	de reborde
flange	negative	de reborde
flange	positive	reborde
flange	sadness	de reborde
flange	surprise	de reborde
flange	trust	de reborde
arrive	anger	llega
arrive	anticipation	llegar
arrive	disgust	llegar
arrive	fear	llegar
arrive	joy	llegar
arrive	negative	llegar
arrive	positive	llegar
arrive	sadness	llegar
arrive	surprise	llegar
arrive	trust	llegar
opposite	anger	opuesto
opposite	anticipation	opuesto
opposite	disgust	opuesto
opposite	fear	opuesto
opposite	joy	opuesto
opposite	negative	opuesto
opposite	positive	opuesto
opposite	sadness	opuesto
opposite	surprise	opuesto
opposite	trust	opuesto
cistern	anger	cistern
cistern	anticipation	cistern
cistern	disgust	cistern
cistern	fear	cistern
cistern	joy	cistern
cistern	negative	cistern
cistern	positive	cistern
cistern	sadness	cistern
cistern	surprise	cistern
cistern	trust	cistern
heaving	anger	alzando
heaving	anticipation	alzando
heaving	disgust	alzando
heaving	fear	alzando
heaving	joy	alzando
heaving	negative	alzando
heaving	positive	alzando
heaving	sadness	alzando
heaving	surprise	alzando
heaving	trust	alzando
completeness	anger	completeness
completeness	anticipation	completeness
completeness	disgust	completeness
completeness	fear	completeness
completeness	joy	completeness
completeness	negative	completeness
completeness	positive	completeness
completeness	sadness	completeness
completeness	surprise	completeness
completeness	trust	completeness
connection	anger	conexión
connection	anticipation	de conexión
connection	disgust	de conexión
connection	fear	de conexión
connection	joy	conexión
connection	negative	de conexión
connection	positive	de conexión
connection	sadness	de conexión
connection	surprise	viajero
connection	trust	de viajero
traveler	anger	de conexión
traveler	anticipation	de conexión
traveler	disgust	viajero
traveler	fear	de viajero
traveler	joy	de viajero
traveler	negative	de viajero
traveler	positive	viajero
traveler	sadness	de viajero
traveler	surprise	de viajero
traveler	trust	de viajero
mayor	anger	alcalde
mayor	anticipation	de alcalde
mayor	disgust	de alcalde
mayor	fear	de alcalde
mayor	joy	alcalde
mayor	negative	de alcalde
mayor	positive	de alcalde
mayor	sadness	de alcalde
mayor	surprise	alcalde
mayor	trust	de alcalde
adopt	anger	adopta
adopt	anticipation	adoptar
adopt	disgust	adoptar
adopt	fear	adoptar
adopt	joy	adoptar
adopt	negative	adoptar
adopt	positive	adoptar
adopt	sadness	adoptar
adopt	surprise	adoptar
adopt	trust	adoptar
optimism	anger	optimismo
optimism	anticipation	de optimismo
optimism	disgust	de optimismo
optimism	fear	de optimismo
optimism	joy	optimismo
optimism	negative	de optimismo
optimism	positive	de optimismo
optimism	sadness	de optimismo
optimism	surprise	optimismo
optimism	trust	de optimismo
mortgagee	anger	mortgagee
mortgagee	anticipation	mortgagee
mortgagee	disgust	mortgagee
mortgagee	fear	mortgagee
mortgagee	joy	mortgagee
mortgagee	negative	mortgagee
mortgagee	positive	mortgagee
mortgagee	sadness	mortgagee
mortgagee	surprise	mortgagee
mortgagee	trust	mortgagee
contempt	anger	desprecio
contempt	anticipation	de desprecio
contempt	disgust	de desprecio
contempt	fear	de desprecio
contempt	joy	desprecio
contempt	negative	de desprecio
contempt	positive	de desprecio
contempt	sadness	de desprecio
contempt	surprise	desprecio
contempt	trust	de desprecio
ungodly	anger	ungodly
ungodly	anticipation	ungodly
ungodly	disgust	ungodly
ungodly	fear	ungodly
ungodly	joy	ungodly
ungodly	negative	ungodly
ungodly	positive	ungodly
ungodly	sadness	ungodly
ungodly	surprise	ungodly
ungodly	trust	ungodly
adverse	anger	adverso
adverse	anticipation	adverso
adverse	disgust	adverso
adverse	fear	adverso
adverse	joy	adverso
adverse	negative	adverso
adverse	positive	adverso
adverse	sadness	aparejo
adverse	surprise	de aparejo
adverse	trust	adverso
rig	anger	adverso
rig	anticipation	adverso
rig	disgust	aparejo
rig	fear	de aparejo
rig	joy	de aparejo
rig	negative	de aparejo
rig	positive	aparejo
rig	sadness	de aparejo
rig	surprise	de aparejo
rig	trust	de aparejo
nouveau	anger	nouveau
nouveau	anticipation	nouveau
nouveau	disgust	nouveau
nouveau	fear	nouveau
nouveau	joy	nouveau
nouveau	negative	nouveau
nouveau	positive	nouveau
nouveau	sadness	nouveau
nouveau	surprise	nouveau
nouveau	trust	nouveau
bearings	anger	bearings
bearings	anticipation	bearings
bearings	disgust	bearings
bearings	fear	bearings
bearings	joy	bearings
bearings	negative	bearings
bearings	positive	bearings
bearings	sadness	bearings
bearings	surprise	bearings
bearings	trust	bearings
unsuspecting	anger	confiado
unsuspecting	anticipation	confiado
unsuspecting	disgust	confiado
unsuspecting	fear	confiado
unsuspecting	joy	confiado
unsuspecting	negative	confiado
unsuspecting	positive	confiado
unsuspecting	sadness	confiado
unsuspecting	surprise	confiado
unsuspecting	trust	confiado
tat	anger	tat
tat	anticipation	tat
tat	disgust	tat
tat	fear	tat
tat	joy	tat
tat	negative	tat
tat	positive	tat
tat	sadness	tat
tat	surprise	tat
tat	trust	tat
remarkable	anger	notable
remarkable	anticipation	notable
remarkable	disgust	notable
remarkable	fear	notable
remarkable	joy	notable
remarkable	negative	notable
remarkable	positive	notable
remarkable	sadness	notable
remarkable	surprise	notable
remarkable	trust	notable
geriatric	anger	geriatric
geriatric	anticipation	geriatric
geriatric	disgust	geriatric
geriatric	fear	geriatric
geriatric	joy	geriatric
geriatric	negative	geriatric
geriatric	positive	geriatric
geriatric	sadness	geriatric
geriatric	surprise	geriatric
geriatric	trust	geriatric
condensation	anger	condensación
condensation	anticipation	de condensación
condensation	disgust	de condensación
condensation	fear	de condensación
condensation	joy	condensación
condensation	negative	de condensación
condensation	positive	de condensación
condensation	sadness	de condensación
condensation	surprise	condensación
condensation	trust	de condensación
rational	anger	racional
rational	anticipation	racional
rational	disgust	racional
rational	fear	racional
rational	joy	racional
rational	negative	racional
rational	positive	racional
rational	sadness	sílex
rational	surprise	de sílex
rational	trust	racional
flint	anger	racional
flint	anticipation	racional
flint	disgust	sílex
flint	fear	de sílex
flint	joy	de sílex
flint	negative	de sílex
flint	positive	sílex
flint	sadness	de sílex
flint	surprise	de sílex
flint	trust	de sílex
canon	anger	canon
canon	anticipation	de canon
canon	disgust	de canon
canon	fear	de canon
canon	joy	canon
canon	negative	de canon
canon	positive	de canon
canon	sadness	de canon
canon	surprise	extracción
canon	trust	de extracción
removal	anger	de canon
removal	anticipation	de canon
removal	disgust	extracción
removal	fear	de extracción
removal	joy	de extracción
removal	negative	de extracción
removal	positive	extracción
removal	sadness	de extracción
removal	surprise	de extracción
removal	trust	de extracción
attribute	anger	atributo
attribute	anticipation	de atributo
attribute	disgust	de atributo
attribute	fear	de atributo
attribute	joy	atributo
attribute	negative	de atributo
attribute	positive	de atributo
attribute	sadness	de atributo
attribute	surprise	ciclista
attribute	trust	de ciclista
cyclist	anger	de atributo
cyclist	anticipation	de atributo
cyclist	disgust	ciclista
cyclist	fear	de ciclista
cyclist	joy	de ciclista
cyclist	negative	de ciclista
cyclist	positive	ciclista
cyclist	sadness	de ciclista
cyclist	surprise	de ciclista
cyclist	trust	de ciclista
rambling	anger	rambling
rambling	anticipation	rambling
rambling	disgust	rambling
rambling	fear	rambling
rambling	joy	rambling
rambling	negative	rambling
rambling	positive	rambling
rambling	sadness	rambling
rambling	surprise	rambling
rambling	trust	rambling
rick	anger	rick
rick	anticipation	rick
rick	disgust	rick
rick	fear	rick
rick	joy	rick
rick	negative	rick
rick	positive	rick
rick	sadness	rick
rick	surprise	rick
rick	trust	rick
coldly	anger	coldly
coldly	anticipation	coldly
coldly	disgust	coldly
coldly	fear	coldly
coldly	joy	coldly
coldly	negative	coldly
coldly	positive	coldly
coldly	sadness	coldly
coldly	surprise	coldly
coldly	trust	coldly
beast	anger	bestia
beast	anticipation	de bestia
beast	disgust	de bestia
beast	fear	de bestia
beast	joy	bestia
beast	negative	de bestia
beast	positive	de bestia
beast	sadness	de bestia
beast	surprise	bestia
beast	trust	de bestia
shorn	anger	shorn
shorn	anticipation	shorn
shorn	disgust	shorn
shorn	fear	shorn
shorn	joy	shorn
shorn	negative	shorn
shorn	positive	shorn
shorn	sadness	shorn
shorn	surprise	shorn
shorn	trust	shorn
staggering	anger	staggering
staggering	anticipation	staggering
staggering	disgust	staggering
staggering	fear	staggering
staggering	joy	staggering
staggering	negative	staggering
staggering	positive	staggering
staggering	sadness	staggering
staggering	surprise	staggering
staggering	trust	staggering
purchaser	anger	comprador
purchaser	anticipation	de comprador
purchaser	disgust	de comprador
purchaser	fear	de comprador
purchaser	joy	comprador
purchaser	negative	de comprador
purchaser	positive	de comprador
purchaser	sadness	de comprador
purchaser	surprise	anexo
purchaser	trust	de anexo
annex	anger	de comprador
annex	anticipation	de comprador
annex	disgust	anexo
annex	fear	de anexo
annex	joy	de anexo
annex	negative	de anexo
annex	positive	anexo
annex	sadness	de anexo
annex	surprise	de anexo
annex	trust	de anexo
unrecorded	anger	unrecorded
unrecorded	anticipation	unrecorded
unrecorded	disgust	unrecorded
unrecorded	fear	unrecorded
unrecorded	joy	unrecorded
unrecorded	negative	unrecorded
unrecorded	positive	unrecorded
unrecorded	sadness	unrecorded
unrecorded	surprise	unrecorded
unrecorded	trust	unrecorded
region	anger	región
region	anticipation	de región
region	disgust	de región
region	fear	de región
region	joy	región
region	negative	de región
region	positive	de región
region	sadness	de región
region	surprise	región
region	trust	de región
domesticated	anger	domesticada
domesticated	anticipation	domesticado
domesticated	disgust	domesticado
domesticated	fear	domesticado
domesticated	joy	domesticado
domesticated	negative	domesticado
domesticated	positive	domesticado
domesticated	sadness	domesticado
domesticated	surprise	domesticado
domesticated	trust	domesticado
exalted	anger	exalted
exalted	anticipation	exalted
exalted	disgust	exalted
exalted	fear	exalted
exalted	joy	exalted
exalted	negative	exalted
exalted	positive	exalted
exalted	sadness	exalted
exalted	surprise	exalted
exalted	trust	exalted
hinterland	anger	hinterland
hinterland	anticipation	hinterland
hinterland	disgust	hinterland
hinterland	fear	hinterland
hinterland	joy	hinterland
hinterland	negative	hinterland
hinterland	positive	hinterland
hinterland	sadness	hinterland
hinterland	surprise	hinterland
hinterland	trust	hinterland
fighter	anger	luchador
fighter	anticipation	de luchador
fighter	disgust	de luchador
fighter	fear	de luchador
fighter	joy	luchador
fighter	negative	de luchador
fighter	positive	de luchador
fighter	sadness	de luchador
fighter	surprise	luchador
fighter	trust	de luchador
bender	anger	bender
bender	anticipation	bender
bender	disgust	bender
bender	fear	bender
bender	joy	bender
bender	negative	bender
bender	positive	bender
bender	sadness	bender
bender	surprise	bender
bender	trust	bender
arranged	anger	arregló
arranged	anticipation	arreglado
arranged	disgust	arregló
arranged	fear	arreglado
arranged	joy	arregló
arranged	negative	arreglado
arranged	positive	arregló
arranged	sadness	arreglado
arranged	surprise	arregló
arranged	trust	arreglado
penitentiary	anger	penitentiary
penitentiary	anticipation	penitentiary
penitentiary	disgust	penitentiary
penitentiary	fear	penitentiary
penitentiary	joy	penitentiary
penitentiary	negative	penitentiary
penitentiary	positive	penitentiary
penitentiary	sadness	penitentiary
penitentiary	surprise	penitentiary
penitentiary	trust	penitentiary
conjugation	anger	conjugación
conjugation	anticipation	de conjugación
conjugation	disgust	de conjugación
conjugation	fear	de conjugación
conjugation	joy	conjugación
conjugation	negative	de conjugación
conjugation	positive	de conjugación
conjugation	sadness	de conjugación
conjugation	surprise	conjugación
conjugation	trust	de conjugación
instantaneously	anger	instantáneamente
instantaneously	anticipation	instantáneamente
instantaneously	disgust	instantáneamente
instantaneously	fear	instantáneamente
instantaneously	joy	instantáneamente
instantaneously	negative	instantáneamente
instantaneously	positive	instantáneamente
instantaneously	sadness	instantáneamente
instantaneously	surprise	instantáneamente
instantaneously	trust	instantáneamente
drummer	anger	drummer
drummer	anticipation	drummer
drummer	disgust	drummer
drummer	fear	drummer
drummer	joy	drummer
drummer	negative	drummer
drummer	positive	drummer
drummer	sadness	drummer
drummer	surprise	drummer
drummer	trust	drummer
mooring	anger	mooring
mooring	anticipation	mooring
mooring	disgust	mooring
mooring	fear	mooring
mooring	joy	mooring
mooring	negative	mooring
mooring	positive	mooring
mooring	sadness	mooring
mooring	surprise	mooring
mooring	trust	mooring
prairie	anger	prairie
prairie	anticipation	prairie
prairie	disgust	prairie
prairie	fear	prairie
prairie	joy	prairie
prairie	negative	prairie
prairie	positive	prairie
prairie	sadness	prairie
prairie	surprise	prairie
prairie	trust	prairie
malaise	anger	malaise
malaise	anticipation	malaise
malaise	disgust	malaise
malaise	fear	malaise
malaise	joy	malaise
malaise	negative	malaise
malaise	positive	malaise
malaise	sadness	malaise
malaise	surprise	malaise
malaise	trust	malaise
weary	anger	cansado
weary	anticipation	cansado
weary	disgust	cansado
weary	fear	cansado
weary	joy	cansado
weary	negative	cansado
weary	positive	cansado
weary	sadness	niñero
weary	surprise	de niñero
weary	trust	cansado
nanny	anger	cansado
nanny	anticipation	cansado
nanny	disgust	niñero
nanny	fear	de niñero
nanny	joy	de niñero
nanny	negative	de niñero
nanny	positive	niñero
nanny	sadness	de niñero
nanny	surprise	de niñero
nanny	trust	de niñero
deadlock	anger	punto muerto
deadlock	anticipation	de punto muerto
deadlock	disgust	de punto muerto
deadlock	fear	de punto muerto
deadlock	joy	punto muerto
deadlock	negative	de punto muerto
deadlock	positive	de punto muerto
deadlock	sadness	de punto muerto
deadlock	surprise	punto muerto
deadlock	trust	de punto muerto
radically	anger	radicalmente
radically	anticipation	radicalmente
radically	disgust	radicalmente
radically	fear	radicalmente
radically	joy	radicalmente
radically	negative	radicalmente
radically	positive	radicalmente
radically	sadness	radicalmente
radically	surprise	radicalmente
radically	trust	radicalmente
digestion	anger	digestión
digestion	anticipation	de digestión
digestion	disgust	de digestión
digestion	fear	de digestión
digestion	joy	digestión
digestion	negative	de digestión
digestion	positive	de digestión
digestion	sadness	de digestión
digestion	surprise	digestión
digestion	trust	de digestión que
showing	anger	muestra
showing	anticipation	mostrando
showing	disgust	mostrando
showing	fear	mostrando
showing	joy	mostrando
showing	negative	mostrando
showing	positive	mostrando
showing	sadness	mostrando
showing	surprise	mostrando
showing	trust	mostrando
alternate	anger	alterna
alternate	anticipation	alternar
alternate	disgust	alternar
alternate	fear	alternar
alternate	joy	alternar
alternate	negative	alternar
alternate	positive	alternar
alternate	sadness	alternar
alternate	surprise	alternar
alternate	trust	alternar
biosphere	anger	biosfera
biosphere	anticipation	de biosfera
biosphere	disgust	de biosfera
biosphere	fear	de biosfera
biosphere	joy	biosfera
biosphere	negative	de biosfera
biosphere	positive	de biosfera
biosphere	sadness	de biosfera
biosphere	surprise	pies
biosphere	trust	de pies
feet	anger	de biosfera
feet	anticipation	de biosfera
feet	disgust	pies
feet	fear	de pies
feet	joy	de pies
feet	negative	de pies
feet	positive	pies
feet	sadness	de pies
feet	surprise	de pies
feet	trust	de pies
tart	anger	tart
tart	anticipation	tart
tart	disgust	tart
tart	fear	tart
tart	joy	tart
tart	negative	tart
tart	positive	tart
tart	sadness	tart
tart	surprise	tart
tart	trust	tart
recherche	anger	recherche
recherche	anticipation	recherche
recherche	disgust	recherche
recherche	fear	recherche
recherche	joy	recherche
recherche	negative	recherche
recherche	positive	recherche
recherche	sadness	recherche
recherche	surprise	recherche
recherche	trust	recherche
padding	anger	acolchando
padding	anticipation	acolchando
padding	disgust	acolchando
padding	fear	acolchando
padding	joy	acolchando
padding	negative	acolchando
padding	positive	acolchando
padding	sadness	acolchando
padding	surprise	acolchando
padding	trust	acolchando
language	anger	lengua
language	anticipation	de lengua
language	disgust	de lengua
language	fear	de lengua
language	joy	lengua
language	negative	de lengua
language	positive	de lengua
language	sadness	de lengua
language	surprise	lengua
language	trust	de lengua
suggest	anger	sugiere
suggest	anticipation	sugerir
suggest	disgust	sugerir
suggest	fear	sugerir
suggest	joy	sugerir
suggest	negative	sugerir
suggest	positive	sugerir
suggest	sadness	sugerir
suggest	surprise	sugerir
suggest	trust	sugerir
lengthy	anger	largo
lengthy	anticipation	largo
lengthy	disgust	largo
lengthy	fear	largo
lengthy	joy	largo
lengthy	negative	largo
lengthy	positive	largo
lengthy	sadness	largo
lengthy	surprise	largo
lengthy	trust	largo
homogeneous	anger	homogeneous
homogeneous	anticipation	homogeneous
homogeneous	disgust	homogeneous
homogeneous	fear	homogeneous
homogeneous	joy	homogeneous
homogeneous	negative	homogeneous
homogeneous	positive	homogeneous
homogeneous	sadness	homogeneous
homogeneous	surprise	homogeneous
homogeneous	trust	homogeneous
staff	anger	personal
staff	anticipation	de personal
staff	disgust	de personal
staff	fear	de personal
staff	joy	personal
staff	negative	de personal
staff	positive	de personal
staff	sadness	de personal
staff	surprise	aviador
staff	trust	de aviador
aviator	anger	de personal
aviator	anticipation	de personal
aviator	disgust	aviador
aviator	fear	de aviador
aviator	joy	de aviador
aviator	negative	de aviador
aviator	positive	aviador
aviator	sadness	de aviador
aviator	surprise	de aviador
aviator	trust	de aviador
bag	anger	bolsa
bag	anticipation	de bolsa
bag	disgust	de bolsa
bag	fear	de bolsa
bag	joy	bolsa
bag	negative	de bolsa
bag	positive	de bolsa
bag	sadness	de bolsa
bag	surprise	liberación
bag	trust	de liberación
release	anger	de bolsa
release	anticipation	de bolsa
release	disgust	liberación
release	fear	de liberación
release	joy	de liberación
release	negative	de liberación
release	positive	liberación
release	sadness	de liberación
release	surprise	de liberación
release	trust	de liberación
cruiser	anger	cruiser
cruiser	anticipation	cruiser
cruiser	disgust	cruiser
cruiser	fear	cruiser
cruiser	joy	cruiser
cruiser	negative	cruiser
cruiser	positive	cruiser
cruiser	sadness	cruiser
cruiser	surprise	cruiser
cruiser	trust	cruiser
cooking	anger	cocinando
cooking	anticipation	cocina
cooking	disgust	de cocina
cooking	fear	de cocina
cooking	joy	de cocina
cooking	negative	cocina
cooking	positive	de cocina
cooking	sadness	de cocina
cooking	surprise	de cocina
cooking	trust	cocina
tenement	anger	tenement
tenement	anticipation	tenement
tenement	disgust	tenement
tenement	fear	tenement
tenement	joy	tenement
tenement	negative	tenement
tenement	positive	tenement
tenement	sadness	tenement
tenement	surprise	tenement
tenement	trust	tenement
snake	anger	serpiente
snake	anticipation	de serpiente
snake	disgust	de serpiente
snake	fear	de serpiente
snake	joy	serpiente
snake	negative	de serpiente
snake	positive	de serpiente
snake	sadness	de serpiente
snake	surprise	registro
snake	trust	de registro
recording	anger	de serpiente
recording	anticipation	de serpiente
recording	disgust	registro
recording	fear	de registro
recording	joy	de registro
recording	negative	de registro
recording	positive	registro
recording	sadness	de registro
recording	surprise	de registro
recording	trust	de registro
siphon	anger	siphon
siphon	anticipation	siphon
siphon	disgust	siphon
siphon	fear	siphon
siphon	joy	siphon
siphon	negative	siphon
siphon	positive	siphon
siphon	sadness	siphon
siphon	surprise	siphon
siphon	trust	siphon
scaly	anger	escamoso
scaly	anticipation	escamoso
scaly	disgust	escamoso
scaly	fear	escamoso
scaly	joy	escamoso
scaly	negative	escamoso
scaly	positive	escamoso
scaly	sadness	escamoso
scaly	surprise	escamoso
scaly	trust	escamoso
earshot	anger	earshot
earshot	anticipation	earshot
earshot	disgust	earshot
earshot	fear	earshot
earshot	joy	earshot
earshot	negative	earshot
earshot	positive	earshot
earshot	sadness	earshot
earshot	surprise	earshot
earshot	trust	earshot
seriousness	anger	seriedad
seriousness	anticipation	de seriedad
seriousness	disgust	de seriedad
seriousness	fear	de seriedad
seriousness	joy	seriedad
seriousness	negative	de seriedad
seriousness	positive	de seriedad
seriousness	sadness	de seriedad
seriousness	surprise	seriedad
seriousness	trust	de seriedad
carver	anger	carver
carver	anticipation	carver
carver	disgust	carver
carver	fear	carver
carver	joy	carver
carver	negative	carver
carver	positive	carver
carver	sadness	carver
carver	surprise	carver
carver	trust	carver
assured	anger	aseguró
assured	anticipation	asegurado
assured	disgust	aseguró
assured	fear	asegurado
assured	joy	aseguró
assured	negative	asegurado
assured	positive	aseguró
assured	sadness	asegurado
assured	surprise	aseguró
assured	trust	asegurado
muddled	anger	muddled
muddled	anticipation	muddled
muddled	disgust	muddled
muddled	fear	muddled
muddled	joy	muddled
muddled	negative	muddled
muddled	positive	muddled
muddled	sadness	muddled
muddled	surprise	muddled
muddled	trust	muddled
conic	anger	conic
conic	anticipation	conic
conic	disgust	conic
conic	fear	conic
conic	joy	conic
conic	negative	conic
conic	positive	conic
conic	sadness	conic
conic	surprise	conic
conic	trust	conic
pains	anger	dolores
pains	anticipation	de dolores
pains	disgust	de dolores
pains	fear	de dolores
pains	joy	dolores
pains	negative	de dolores
pains	positive	de dolores
pains	sadness	de dolores
pains	surprise	prismáticos
pains	trust	de prismáticos
binoculars	anger	de dolores
binoculars	anticipation	de dolores
binoculars	disgust	prismáticos
binoculars	fear	de prismáticos
binoculars	joy	de prismáticos
binoculars	negative	de prismáticos
binoculars	positive	prismáticos
binoculars	sadness	de prismáticos
binoculars	surprise	de prismáticos
binoculars	trust	de prismáticos que
bubbling	anger	borbotean
bubbling	anticipation	borboteando
bubbling	disgust	borboteando
bubbling	fear	borboteando
bubbling	joy	borboteando
bubbling	negative	borboteando
bubbling	positive	borboteando
bubbling	sadness	borboteando
bubbling	surprise	borboteando
bubbling	trust	borboteando
analyst	anger	analista
analyst	anticipation	de analista
analyst	disgust	de analista
analyst	fear	de analista
analyst	joy	analista
analyst	negative	de analista
analyst	positive	de analista
analyst	sadness	de analista
analyst	surprise	analista
analyst	trust	de analista
clean	anger	limpia
clean	anticipation	limpio
clean	disgust	limpio
clean	fear	limpio
clean	joy	limpio
clean	negative	limpio
clean	positive	limpio
clean	sadness	limpio
clean	surprise	limpio
clean	trust	limpio
stamina	anger	stamina
stamina	anticipation	stamina
stamina	disgust	stamina
stamina	fear	stamina
stamina	joy	stamina
stamina	negative	stamina
stamina	positive	stamina
stamina	sadness	stamina
stamina	surprise	stamina
stamina	trust	stamina
bourgeois	anger	burgués
bourgeois	anticipation	de burgués
bourgeois	disgust	de burgués
bourgeois	fear	de burgués
bourgeois	joy	burgués
bourgeois	negative	de burgués
bourgeois	positive	de burgués
bourgeois	sadness	de burgués
bourgeois	surprise	tiza
bourgeois	trust	de tiza
chalk	anger	de burgués
chalk	anticipation	de burgués
chalk	disgust	tiza
chalk	fear	de tiza
chalk	joy	de tiza
chalk	negative	de tiza
chalk	positive	tiza
chalk	sadness	de tiza
chalk	surprise	de tiza
chalk	trust	de tiza
snooze	anger	snooze
snooze	anticipation	snooze
snooze	disgust	snooze
snooze	fear	snooze
snooze	joy	snooze
snooze	negative	snooze
snooze	positive	snooze
snooze	sadness	snooze
snooze	surprise	snooze
snooze	trust	snooze
lesson	anger	lección
lesson	anticipation	de lección
lesson	disgust	de lección
lesson	fear	de lección
lesson	joy	lección
lesson	negative	de lección
lesson	positive	de lección
lesson	sadness	de lección
lesson	surprise	clasificación
lesson	trust	de clasificación
classification	anger	de lección
classification	anticipation	de lección
classification	disgust	clasificación
classification	fear	de clasificación
classification	joy	de clasificación
classification	negative	de clasificación
classification	positive	clasificación
classification	sadness	de clasificación
classification	surprise	de clasificación
classification	trust	de clasificación
hangman	anger	verdugo
hangman	anticipation	de verdugo
hangman	disgust	de verdugo
hangman	fear	de verdugo
hangman	joy	verdugo
hangman	negative	de verdugo
hangman	positive	de verdugo
hangman	sadness	de verdugo
hangman	surprise	verdugo
hangman	trust	de verdugo
infirmity	anger	infirmity
infirmity	anticipation	infirmity
infirmity	disgust	infirmity
infirmity	fear	infirmity
infirmity	joy	infirmity
infirmity	negative	infirmity
infirmity	positive	infirmity
infirmity	sadness	infirmity
infirmity	surprise	infirmity
infirmity	trust	infirmity
oeuvre	anger	oeuvre
oeuvre	anticipation	oeuvre
oeuvre	disgust	oeuvre
oeuvre	fear	oeuvre
oeuvre	joy	oeuvre
oeuvre	negative	oeuvre
oeuvre	positive	oeuvre
oeuvre	sadness	oeuvre
oeuvre	surprise	oeuvre
oeuvre	trust	oeuvre
influx	anger	afluencia
influx	anticipation	de afluencia
influx	disgust	de afluencia
influx	fear	de afluencia
influx	joy	afluencia
influx	negative	de afluencia
influx	positive	de afluencia
influx	sadness	de afluencia
influx	surprise	afluencia
influx	trust	de afluencia
somber	anger	somber
somber	anticipation	somber
somber	disgust	somber
somber	fear	somber
somber	joy	somber
somber	negative	somber
somber	positive	somber
somber	sadness	somber
somber	surprise	somber
somber	trust	somber
meddle	anger	inmiscuirse
meddle	anticipation	inmiscuirse
meddle	disgust	inmiscuirse
meddle	fear	inmiscuirse
meddle	joy	inmiscuirse
meddle	negative	inmiscuirse
meddle	positive	inmiscuirse
meddle	sadness	inmiscuirse
meddle	surprise	inmiscuirse
meddle	trust	inmiscuirse
interior	anger	interior
interior	anticipation	de interior
interior	disgust	de interior
interior	fear	de interior
interior	joy	interior
interior	negative	de interior
interior	positive	de interior
interior	sadness	de interior
interior	surprise	interior
interior	trust	de interior
flipper	anger	flipper
flipper	anticipation	flipper
flipper	disgust	flipper
flipper	fear	flipper
flipper	joy	flipper
flipper	negative	flipper
flipper	positive	flipper
flipper	sadness	flipper
flipper	surprise	flipper
flipper	trust	flipper
feat	anger	hazaña
feat	anticipation	de hazaña
feat	disgust	de hazaña
feat	fear	de hazaña
feat	joy	hazaña
feat	negative	de hazaña
feat	positive	de hazaña
feat	sadness	de hazaña
feat	surprise	hazaña
feat	trust	de hazaña
oration	anger	oration
oration	anticipation	oration
oration	disgust	oration
oration	fear	oration
oration	joy	oration
oration	negative	oration
oration	positive	oration
oration	sadness	oration
oration	surprise	oration
oration	trust	oration
grudgingly	anger	grudgingly
grudgingly	anticipation	grudgingly
grudgingly	disgust	grudgingly
grudgingly	fear	grudgingly
grudgingly	joy	grudgingly
grudgingly	negative	grudgingly
grudgingly	positive	grudgingly
grudgingly	sadness	grudgingly
grudgingly	surprise	grudgingly
grudgingly	trust	grudgingly
alternative	anger	alternativo
alternative	anticipation	alternativo
alternative	disgust	alternativo
alternative	fear	alternativo
alternative	joy	alternativo
alternative	negative	alternativo
alternative	positive	alternativa
alternative	sadness	alternativa
alternative	surprise	alternativa
alternative	trust	alternativa
constantly	anger	constantemente
constantly	anticipation	constantemente
constantly	disgust	constantemente
constantly	fear	constantemente
constantly	joy	constantemente
constantly	negative	constantemente
constantly	positive	constantemente
constantly	sadness	constantemente
constantly	surprise	constantemente
constantly	trust	constantemente
fearfully	anger	fearfully
fearfully	anticipation	fearfully
fearfully	disgust	fearfully
fearfully	fear	fearfully
fearfully	joy	fearfully
fearfully	negative	fearfully
fearfully	positive	fearfully
fearfully	sadness	fearfully
fearfully	surprise	fearfully
fearfully	trust	fearfully
magnetism	anger	magnetismo
magnetism	anticipation	de magnetismo
magnetism	disgust	de magnetismo
magnetism	fear	de magnetismo
magnetism	joy	magnetismo
magnetism	negative	de magnetismo
magnetism	positive	de magnetismo
magnetism	sadness	de magnetismo
magnetism	surprise	magnetismo
magnetism	trust	de magnetismo
distinguish	anger	distingue
distinguish	anticipation	distinguir
distinguish	disgust	distinguir
distinguish	fear	distinguir
distinguish	joy	distinguir
distinguish	negative	distinguir
distinguish	positive	distinguir
distinguish	sadness	distinguir
distinguish	surprise	distinguir
distinguish	trust	distinguir
testimony	anger	testimonio
testimony	anticipation	de testimonio
testimony	disgust	de testimonio
testimony	fear	de testimonio
testimony	joy	testimonio
testimony	negative	de testimonio
testimony	positive	de testimonio
testimony	sadness	de testimonio
testimony	surprise	testimonio
testimony	trust	de testimonio
substantially	anger	sustancialmente
substantially	anticipation	sustancialmente
substantially	disgust	sustancialmente
substantially	fear	sustancialmente
substantially	joy	sustancialmente
substantially	negative	sustancialmente
substantially	positive	sustancialmente
substantially	sadness	sustancialmente
substantially	surprise	sustancialmente
substantially	trust	sustancialmente
soiled	anger	sucio
soiled	anticipation	sucio
soiled	disgust	sucio
soiled	fear	sucio
soiled	joy	sucio
soiled	negative	sucio
soiled	positive	sucio
soiled	sadness	micrómetro
soiled	surprise	de micrómetro
soiled	trust	sucio
micrometer	anger	sucio
micrometer	anticipation	sucio
micrometer	disgust	micrómetro
micrometer	fear	de micrómetro
micrometer	joy	de micrómetro
micrometer	negative	de micrómetro
micrometer	positive	micrómetro
micrometer	sadness	de micrómetro
micrometer	surprise	de micrómetro
micrometer	trust	de micrómetro
ante	anger	ante
ante	anticipation	ante
ante	disgust	ante
ante	fear	ante
ante	joy	ante
ante	negative	ante
ante	positive	ante
ante	sadness	ante
ante	surprise	ante
ante	trust	ante
duality	anger	dualidad
duality	anticipation	de dualidad
duality	disgust	de dualidad
duality	fear	de dualidad
duality	joy	dualidad
duality	negative	de dualidad
duality	positive	de dualidad
duality	sadness	de dualidad
duality	surprise	temperamento
duality	trust	de temperamento
temperament	anger	de dualidad
temperament	anticipation	de dualidad
temperament	disgust	temperamento
temperament	fear	de temperamento
temperament	joy	de temperamento
temperament	negative	de temperamento
temperament	positive	temperamento
temperament	sadness	de temperamento
temperament	surprise	de temperamento
temperament	trust	de temperamento
effects	anger	los efectos
effects	anticipation	efectúa
effects	disgust	los efectos
effects	fear	efectúa
effects	joy	los efectos
effects	negative	efectúa
effects	positive	los efectos
effects	sadness	efectúa
effects	surprise	los efectos
effects	trust	efectúa
aberrant	anger	aberrantes
aberrant	anticipation	aberrantes
aberrant	disgust	aberrantes
aberrant	fear	aberrantes
aberrant	joy	aberrantes
aberrant	negative	aberrantes
aberrant	positive	aberrantes
aberrant	sadness	aberrantes
aberrant	surprise	aberrantes
aberrant	trust	aberrantes
smattering	anger	smattering
smattering	anticipation	smattering
smattering	disgust	smattering
smattering	fear	smattering
smattering	joy	smattering
smattering	negative	smattering
smattering	positive	smattering
smattering	sadness	smattering
smattering	surprise	smattering
smattering	trust	smattering
mistaken	anger	equivocados
mistaken	anticipation	equivocados
mistaken	disgust	equivocados
mistaken	fear	equivocados
mistaken	joy	equivocados
mistaken	negative	equivocados
mistaken	positive	equivocados
mistaken	sadness	equivocados
mistaken	surprise	equivocados
mistaken	trust	equivocados
summarize	anger	summarize
summarize	anticipation	summarize
summarize	disgust	summarize
summarize	fear	summarize
summarize	joy	summarize
summarize	negative	summarize
summarize	positive	summarize
summarize	sadness	summarize
summarize	surprise	summarize
summarize	trust	summarize
troll	anger	troll
troll	anticipation	troll
troll	disgust	troll
troll	fear	troll
troll	joy	troll
troll	negative	troll
troll	positive	troll
troll	sadness	troll
troll	surprise	troll
troll	trust	troll
protein	anger	proteína
protein	anticipation	de proteína
protein	disgust	de proteína
protein	fear	de proteína
protein	joy	proteína
protein	negative	de proteína
protein	positive	de proteína
protein	sadness	de proteína
protein	surprise	proteína
protein	trust	de proteína
newly	anger	nuevamente
newly	anticipation	nuevamente
newly	disgust	nuevamente
newly	fear	nuevamente
newly	joy	nuevamente
newly	negative	nuevamente
newly	positive	nuevamente
newly	sadness	nuevamente
newly	surprise	nuevamente
newly	trust	nuevamente
inhabitant	anger	habitante
inhabitant	anticipation	de habitante
inhabitant	disgust	de habitante
inhabitant	fear	de habitante
inhabitant	joy	habitante
inhabitant	negative	de habitante
inhabitant	positive	de habitante
inhabitant	sadness	de habitante
inhabitant	surprise	nutrimento
inhabitant	trust	de nutrimento
nourishment	anger	de habitante
nourishment	anticipation	de habitante
nourishment	disgust	nutrimento
nourishment	fear	de nutrimento
nourishment	joy	de nutrimento
nourishment	negative	de nutrimento
nourishment	positive	nutrimento
nourishment	sadness	de nutrimento
nourishment	surprise	de nutrimento
nourishment	trust	de nutrimento
cards	anger	tarjetas
cards	anticipation	de tarjetas
cards	disgust	de tarjetas
cards	fear	de tarjetas
cards	joy	tarjetas
cards	negative	de tarjetas
cards	positive	de tarjetas
cards	sadness	de tarjetas
cards	surprise	tarjetas
cards	trust	de tarjetas
minuscule	anger	minuscule
minuscule	anticipation	minuscule
minuscule	disgust	minuscule
minuscule	fear	minuscule
minuscule	joy	minuscule
minuscule	negative	minuscule
minuscule	positive	minuscule
minuscule	sadness	minuscule
minuscule	surprise	minuscule
minuscule	trust	minuscule
devious	anger	devious
devious	anticipation	devious
devious	disgust	devious
devious	fear	devious
devious	joy	devious
devious	negative	devious
devious	positive	devious
devious	sadness	devious
devious	surprise	devious
devious	trust	devious
unmatched	anger	unmatched
unmatched	anticipation	unmatched
unmatched	disgust	unmatched
unmatched	fear	unmatched
unmatched	joy	unmatched
unmatched	negative	unmatched
unmatched	positive	unmatched
unmatched	sadness	unmatched
unmatched	surprise	unmatched
unmatched	trust	unmatched
abuse	anger	abuso
abuse	anticipation	de abuso
abuse	disgust	de abuso
abuse	fear	de abuso
abuse	joy	abuso
abuse	negative	de abuso
abuse	positive	de abuso
abuse	sadness	de abuso
abuse	surprise	abuso
abuse	trust	de abuso
bolus	anger	bolus
bolus	anticipation	bolus
bolus	disgust	bolus
bolus	fear	bolus
bolus	joy	bolus
bolus	negative	bolus
bolus	positive	bolus
bolus	sadness	bolus
bolus	surprise	bolus
bolus	trust	bolus
concerned	anger	se preocupó
concerned	anticipation	preocupado
concerned	disgust	se preocupó
concerned	fear	preocupado
concerned	joy	se preocupó
concerned	negative	preocupado
concerned	positive	se preocupó
concerned	sadness	preocupado
concerned	surprise	se preocupó
concerned	trust	trabajo duro
toil	anger	de trabajo duro
toil	anticipation	de trabajo duro
toil	disgust	preocupado
toil	fear	trabajo duro
toil	joy	de trabajo duro
toil	negative	de trabajo duro
toil	positive	de trabajo duro
toil	sadness	goma
toil	surprise	de trabajo duro
toil	trust	de trabajo duro
rubber	anger	de trabajo duro
rubber	anticipation	goma
rubber	disgust	de goma
rubber	fear	de goma
rubber	joy	de goma
rubber	negative	goma
rubber	positive	de goma
rubber	sadness	de goma
rubber	surprise	de goma
rubber	trust	goma
punitive	anger	punitive
punitive	anticipation	punitive
punitive	disgust	punitive
punitive	fear	punitive
punitive	joy	punitive
punitive	negative	punitive
punitive	positive	punitive
punitive	sadness	punitive
punitive	surprise	punitive
punitive	trust	punitive
buy	anger	comprar
buy	anticipation	comprar
buy	disgust	comprar
buy	fear	comprar
buy	joy	comprar
buy	negative	comprar
buy	positive	comprar
buy	sadness	comprar
buy	surprise	comprar
buy	trust	comprar
raid	anger	redada
raid	anticipation	de redada
raid	disgust	de redada
raid	fear	de redada
raid	joy	redada
raid	negative	de redada
raid	positive	de redada
raid	sadness	de redada
raid	surprise	implicación
raid	trust	de implicación
implication	anger	de redada
implication	anticipation	de redada
implication	disgust	implicación
implication	fear	de implicación
implication	joy	de implicación
implication	negative	de implicación
implication	positive	implicación
implication	sadness	de implicación
implication	surprise	de implicación
implication	trust	de implicación
projectile	anger	proyectil
projectile	anticipation	de proyectil
projectile	disgust	de proyectil
projectile	fear	de proyectil
projectile	joy	proyectil
projectile	negative	de proyectil
projectile	positive	de proyectil
projectile	sadness	de proyectil
projectile	surprise	proyectil
projectile	trust	de proyectil
wield	anger	ejerce
wield	anticipation	ejercer
wield	disgust	ejercer
wield	fear	ejercer
wield	joy	ejercer
wield	negative	ejercer
wield	positive	ejercer
wield	sadness	ejercer
wield	surprise	ejercer
wield	trust	ejercer
vague	anger	impreciso
vague	anticipation	impreciso
vague	disgust	impreciso
vague	fear	impreciso
vague	joy	impreciso
vague	negative	impreciso
vague	positive	impreciso
vague	sadness	impreciso
vague	surprise	impreciso
vague	trust	impreciso
analytic	anger	analítico
analytic	anticipation	analítico
analytic	disgust	analítico
analytic	fear	analítico
analytic	joy	analítico
analytic	negative	analítico
analytic	positive	analítico
analytic	sadness	vida
analytic	surprise	de vida
analytic	trust	analítica
life	anger	analítica
life	anticipation	analítica
life	disgust	vida
life	fear	de vida
life	joy	de vida
life	negative	de vida
life	positive	vida
life	sadness	de vida
life	surprise	de vida
life	trust	de vida
speculative	anger	especulativa
speculative	anticipation	especulativo
speculative	disgust	especulativo
speculative	fear	especulativo
speculative	joy	especulativo
speculative	negative	especulativo
speculative	positive	especulativo
speculative	sadness	irritación
speculative	surprise	de irritación
speculative	trust	especulativa
irritation	anger	especulativa
irritation	anticipation	especulativa
irritation	disgust	irritación
irritation	fear	de irritación
irritation	joy	de irritación
irritation	negative	de irritación
irritation	positive	irritación
irritation	sadness	de irritación
irritation	surprise	de irritación
irritation	trust	de irritación que
punishing	anger	castiga
punishing	anticipation	castigando
punishing	disgust	castigando
punishing	fear	castigando
punishing	joy	castigando
punishing	negative	castigando
punishing	positive	castigando
punishing	sadness	castigando
punishing	surprise	castigando
punishing	trust	castigando
prohibit	anger	prohíbe
prohibit	anticipation	prohibir
prohibit	disgust	prohibir
prohibit	fear	prohibir
prohibit	joy	prohibir
prohibit	negative	prohibir
prohibit	positive	prohibir
prohibit	sadness	prohibir
prohibit	surprise	prohibir
prohibit	trust	prohibir
entrust	anger	confiar
entrust	anticipation	confiar
entrust	disgust	confiar
entrust	fear	confiar
entrust	joy	confiar
entrust	negative	confiar
entrust	positive	confiar
entrust	sadness	confiar
entrust	surprise	confiar
entrust	trust	confiar
install	anger	instalar
install	anticipation	instalar
install	disgust	instalar
install	fear	instalar
install	joy	instalar
install	negative	instalar
install	positive	instalar
install	sadness	instalar
install	surprise	instalar
install	trust	instalar
atherosclerosis	anger	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	anticipation	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	disgust	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	fear	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	joy	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	negative	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	positive	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	sadness	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	surprise	atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis	trust	atherosclerosis
palace	anger	palacio
palace	anticipation	de palacio
palace	disgust	de palacio
palace	fear	de palacio
palace	joy	palacio
palace	negative	de palacio
palace	positive	de palacio
palace	sadness	de palacio
palace	surprise	palacio
palace	trust	de palacio
satchel	anger	satchel
satchel	anticipation	satchel
satchel	disgust	satchel
satchel	fear	satchel
satchel	joy	satchel
satchel	negative	satchel
satchel	positive	satchel
satchel	sadness	satchel
satchel	surprise	satchel
satchel	trust	satchel
antibiotics	anger	antibióticos
antibiotics	anticipation	de antibióticos
antibiotics	disgust	de antibióticos
antibiotics	fear	de antibióticos
antibiotics	joy	antibióticos
antibiotics	negative	de antibióticos
antibiotics	positive	de antibióticos
antibiotics	sadness	de antibióticos
antibiotics	surprise	antibióticos
antibiotics	trust	de antibióticos
ping	anger	ping
ping	anticipation	ping
ping	disgust	ping
ping	fear	ping
ping	joy	ping
ping	negative	ping
ping	positive	ping
ping	sadness	ping
ping	surprise	ping
ping	trust	ping
undying	anger	undying
undying	anticipation	undying
undying	disgust	undying
undying	fear	undying
undying	joy	undying
undying	negative	undying
undying	positive	undying
undying	sadness	undying
undying	surprise	undying
undying	trust	undying
slop	anger	slop
slop	anticipation	slop
slop	disgust	slop
slop	fear	slop
slop	joy	slop
slop	negative	slop
slop	positive	slop
slop	sadness	slop
slop	surprise	slop
slop	trust	slop
energy	anger	energía
energy	anticipation	de energía
energy	disgust	de energía
energy	fear	de energía
energy	joy	energía
energy	negative	de energía
energy	positive	de energía
energy	sadness	de energía
energy	surprise	sombras
energy	trust	de energía
shades	anger	de la energía
shades	anticipation	sombrea
shades	disgust	las sombras
shades	fear	sombrea
shades	joy	las sombras
shades	negative	sombrea
shades	positive	las sombras
shades	sadness	sombrea
shades	surprise	las sombras
shades	trust	sombrea
intrinsic	anger	intrínsecas
intrinsic	anticipation	intrínsecos
intrinsic	disgust	intrínsecos
intrinsic	fear	intrínsecos
intrinsic	joy	intrínsecos
intrinsic	negative	intrínsecos
intrinsic	positive	intrínsecos
intrinsic	sadness	intrínsecos
intrinsic	surprise	intrínsecos
intrinsic	trust	intrínsecos
solitary	anger	solitarios
solitary	anticipation	solitarios
solitary	disgust	solitarios
solitary	fear	solitarios
solitary	joy	solitarios
solitary	negative	solitarios
solitary	positive	solitarios
solitary	sadness	penetración
solitary	surprise	de penetración
solitary	trust	solitaria
penetration	anger	solitaria
penetration	anticipation	solitaria
penetration	disgust	penetración
penetration	fear	de penetración
penetration	joy	de penetración
penetration	negative	de penetración
penetration	positive	penetración
penetration	sadness	de penetración
penetration	surprise	de penetración
penetration	trust	de penetración
petty	anger	insignificante
petty	anticipation	insignificante
petty	disgust	insignificante
petty	fear	insignificante
petty	joy	insignificante
petty	negative	insignificante
petty	positive	insignificante
petty	sadness	insignificante
petty	surprise	insignificante
petty	trust	insignificante
planetarium	anger	planetarium
planetarium	anticipation	planetarium
planetarium	disgust	planetarium
planetarium	fear	planetarium
planetarium	joy	planetarium
planetarium	negative	planetarium
planetarium	positive	planetarium
planetarium	sadness	planetarium
planetarium	surprise	planetarium
planetarium	trust	planetarium
arbitrate	anger	arbitrar
arbitrate	anticipation	arbitrar
arbitrate	disgust	arbitrar
arbitrate	fear	arbitrar
arbitrate	joy	arbitrar
arbitrate	negative	arbitrar
arbitrate	positive	arbitrar
arbitrate	sadness	arbitrar
arbitrate	surprise	arbitrar
arbitrate	trust	arbitrar
lug	anger	lug
lug	anticipation	lug
lug	disgust	lug
lug	fear	lug
lug	joy	lug
lug	negative	lug
lug	positive	lug
lug	sadness	lug
lug	surprise	lug
lug	trust	lug
float	anger	flotador
float	anticipation	de flotador
float	disgust	de flotador
float	fear	de flotador
float	joy	flotador
float	negative	de flotador
float	positive	de flotador
float	sadness	de flotador
float	surprise	canibalismo
float	trust	de canibalismo
cannibalism	anger	de flotador
cannibalism	anticipation	de flotador
cannibalism	disgust	canibalismo
cannibalism	fear	de canibalismo
cannibalism	joy	de canibalismo
cannibalism	negative	de canibalismo
cannibalism	positive	canibalismo
cannibalism	sadness	de canibalismo
cannibalism	surprise	de canibalismo
cannibalism	trust	de canibalismo
orbit	anger	órbita
orbit	anticipation	de órbita
orbit	disgust	de órbita
orbit	fear	de órbita
orbit	joy	órbita
orbit	negative	de órbita
orbit	positive	de órbita
orbit	sadness	de órbita
orbit	surprise	cánones
orbit	trust	de cánones
canons	anger	de órbita
canons	anticipation	de órbita
canons	disgust	cánones
canons	fear	de cánones
canons	joy	de cánones
canons	negative	de cánones
canons	positive	cánones
canons	sadness	de cánones
canons	surprise	de cánones
canons	trust	de cánones
greenwood	anger	greenwood
greenwood	anticipation	greenwood
greenwood	disgust	greenwood
greenwood	fear	greenwood
greenwood	joy	greenwood
greenwood	negative	greenwood
greenwood	positive	greenwood
greenwood	sadness	greenwood
greenwood	surprise	greenwood
greenwood	trust	greenwood
portraiture	anger	portraiture
portraiture	anticipation	portraiture
portraiture	disgust	portraiture
portraiture	fear	portraiture
portraiture	joy	portraiture
portraiture	negative	portraiture
portraiture	positive	portraiture
portraiture	sadness	portraiture
portraiture	surprise	portraiture
portraiture	trust	portraiture
doomed	anger	condenó
doomed	anticipation	condenado
doomed	disgust	condenó
doomed	fear	condenado
doomed	joy	condenó
doomed	negative	condenado
doomed	positive	condenó
doomed	sadness	condenado
doomed	surprise	condenó
doomed	trust	condenado
placard	anger	placard
placard	anticipation	placard
placard	disgust	placard
placard	fear	placard
placard	joy	placard
placard	negative	placard
placard	positive	placard
placard	sadness	placard
placard	surprise	placard
placard	trust	placard
breezy	anger	breezy
breezy	anticipation	breezy
breezy	disgust	breezy
breezy	fear	breezy
breezy	joy	breezy
breezy	negative	breezy
breezy	positive	breezy
breezy	sadness	breezy
breezy	surprise	breezy
breezy	trust	breezy
desirable	anger	deseable
desirable	anticipation	deseable
desirable	disgust	deseable
desirable	fear	deseable
desirable	joy	deseable
desirable	negative	deseable
desirable	positive	deseable
desirable	sadness	deseable
desirable	surprise	deseable
desirable	trust	deseable
intermediate	anger	intermedio
intermediate	anticipation	intermedio
intermediate	disgust	intermedio
intermediate	fear	intermedio
intermediate	joy	intermedio
intermediate	negative	intermedio
intermediate	positive	intermedio
intermediate	sadness	intermedio
intermediate	surprise	intermedio
intermediate	trust	intermedio
cyclone	anger	cyclone
cyclone	anticipation	cyclone
cyclone	disgust	cyclone
cyclone	fear	cyclone
cyclone	joy	cyclone
cyclone	negative	cyclone
cyclone	positive	cyclone
cyclone	sadness	cyclone
cyclone	surprise	cyclone
cyclone	trust	cyclone
outrage	anger	ultraje
outrage	anticipation	de ultraje
outrage	disgust	de ultraje
outrage	fear	de ultraje
outrage	joy	ultraje
outrage	negative	de ultraje
outrage	positive	de ultraje
outrage	sadness	de ultraje
outrage	surprise	ultraje
outrage	trust	de ultraje
intentionally	anger	intencionadamente
intentionally	anticipation	intencionadamente
intentionally	disgust	intencionadamente
intentionally	fear	intencionadamente
intentionally	joy	intencionadamente
intentionally	negative	intencionadamente
intentionally	positive	intencionadamente
intentionally	sadness	intencionadamente
intentionally	surprise	intencionadamente
intentionally	trust	intencionadamente
affront	anger	afrenta
affront	anticipation	de afrenta
affront	disgust	de afrenta
affront	fear	de afrenta
affront	joy	afrenta
affront	negative	de afrenta
affront	positive	de afrenta
affront	sadness	de afrenta
affront	surprise	afrenta
affront	trust	de afrenta
astrologer	anger	astrologer
astrologer	anticipation	astrologer
astrologer	disgust	astrologer
astrologer	fear	astrologer
astrologer	joy	astrologer
astrologer	negative	astrologer
astrologer	positive	astrologer
astrologer	sadness	astrologer
astrologer	surprise	astrologer
astrologer	trust	astrologer
senescence	anger	senescence
senescence	anticipation	senescence
senescence	disgust	senescence
senescence	fear	senescence
senescence	joy	senescence
senescence	negative	senescence
senescence	positive	senescence
senescence	sadness	senescence
senescence	surprise	senescence
senescence	trust	senescence
invite	anger	invitar
invite	anticipation	invitar
invite	disgust	invitar
invite	fear	invitar
invite	joy	invitar
invite	negative	invitar
invite	positive	invitar
invite	sadness	invitar
invite	surprise	invitar
invite	trust	invitar
demolition	anger	escombro
demolition	anticipation	de escombro
demolition	disgust	de escombro
demolition	fear	de escombro
demolition	joy	escombro
demolition	negative	de escombro
demolition	positive	de escombro
demolition	sadness	de escombro
demolition	surprise	escombro
demolition	trust	de escombro
optional	anger	opcional
optional	anticipation	opcional
optional	disgust	opcional
optional	fear	opcional
optional	joy	opcional
optional	negative	opcional
optional	positive	opcional
optional	sadness	preludio
optional	surprise	de preludio
optional	trust	opcional
prelude	anger	opcional
prelude	anticipation	opcional
prelude	disgust	preludio
prelude	fear	de preludio
prelude	joy	de preludio
prelude	negative	de preludio
prelude	positive	preludio
prelude	sadness	de preludio
prelude	surprise	de preludio
prelude	trust	de preludio
national	anger	nacional
national	anticipation	nacional
national	disgust	nacional
national	fear	nacional
national	joy	nacional
national	negative	nacional
national	positive	nacional
national	sadness	nacional
national	surprise	nacional
national	trust	nacional
proprietorship	anger	proprietorship
proprietorship	anticipation	proprietorship
proprietorship	disgust	proprietorship
proprietorship	fear	proprietorship
proprietorship	joy	proprietorship
proprietorship	negative	proprietorship
proprietorship	positive	proprietorship
proprietorship	sadness	proprietorship
proprietorship	surprise	proprietorship
proprietorship	trust	proprietorship
controversial	anger	polémico
controversial	anticipation	polémico
controversial	disgust	polémico
controversial	fear	polémico
controversial	joy	polémico
controversial	negative	polémico
controversial	positive	polémico
controversial	sadness	política
controversial	surprise	de política
controversial	trust	polémica
policy	anger	polémica
policy	anticipation	polémica
policy	disgust	política
policy	fear	de política
policy	joy	de política
policy	negative	de política
policy	positive	política
policy	sadness	de política
policy	surprise	de política
policy	trust	de política
casein	anger	caseína
casein	anticipation	de caseína
casein	disgust	de caseína
casein	fear	de caseína
casein	joy	caseína
casein	negative	de caseína
casein	positive	de caseína
casein	sadness	de caseína
casein	surprise	caseína
casein	trust	de caseína
terrible	anger	terrible
terrible	anticipation	terrible
terrible	disgust	terrible
terrible	fear	terrible
terrible	joy	terrible
terrible	negative	terrible
terrible	positive	terrible
terrible	sadness	terrible
terrible	surprise	terrible
terrible	trust	terrible
ovate	anger	ovate
ovate	anticipation	ovate
ovate	disgust	ovate
ovate	fear	ovate
ovate	joy	ovate
ovate	negative	ovate
ovate	positive	ovate
ovate	sadness	ovate
ovate	surprise	ovate
ovate	trust	ovate
inaudible	anger	inaudible
inaudible	anticipation	inaudible
inaudible	disgust	inaudible
inaudible	fear	inaudible
inaudible	joy	inaudible
inaudible	negative	inaudible
inaudible	positive	inaudible
inaudible	sadness	avenida
inaudible	surprise	de avenida
inaudible	trust	inaudible
avenue	anger	inaudible
avenue	anticipation	inaudible
avenue	disgust	avenida
avenue	fear	de avenida
avenue	joy	de avenida
avenue	negative	de avenida
avenue	positive	avenida
avenue	sadness	de avenida
avenue	surprise	de avenida
avenue	trust	de avenida
quid	anger	quid
quid	anticipation	quid
quid	disgust	quid
quid	fear	quid
quid	joy	quid
quid	negative	quid
quid	positive	quid
quid	sadness	quid
quid	surprise	quid
quid	trust	quid
defraud	anger	defraudar
defraud	anticipation	defraudar
defraud	disgust	defraudar
defraud	fear	defraudar
defraud	joy	defraudar
defraud	negative	defraudar
defraud	positive	defraudar
defraud	sadness	defraudar
defraud	surprise	defraudar
defraud	trust	defraudar
serene	anger	serene
serene	anticipation	serene
serene	disgust	serene
serene	fear	serene
serene	joy	serene
serene	negative	serene
serene	positive	serene
serene	sadness	serene
serene	surprise	serene
serene	trust	serene
hurrah	anger	hurrah
hurrah	anticipation	hurrah
hurrah	disgust	hurrah
hurrah	fear	hurrah
hurrah	joy	hurrah
hurrah	negative	hurrah
hurrah	positive	hurrah
hurrah	sadness	hurrah
hurrah	surprise	hurrah
hurrah	trust	hurrah
repeater	anger	repeater
repeater	anticipation	repeater
repeater	disgust	repeater
repeater	fear	repeater
repeater	joy	repeater
repeater	negative	repeater
repeater	positive	repeater
repeater	sadness	repeater
repeater	surprise	repeater
repeater	trust	repeater
fickle	anger	fickle
fickle	anticipation	fickle
fickle	disgust	fickle
fickle	fear	fickle
fickle	joy	fickle
fickle	negative	fickle
fickle	positive	fickle
fickle	sadness	fickle
fickle	surprise	fickle
fickle	trust	fickle
junk	anger	junk
junk	anticipation	junk
junk	disgust	junk
junk	fear	junk
junk	joy	junk
junk	negative	junk
junk	positive	junk
junk	sadness	junk
junk	surprise	junk
junk	trust	junk
unspecified	anger	unspecified
unspecified	anticipation	unspecified
unspecified	disgust	unspecified
unspecified	fear	unspecified
unspecified	joy	unspecified
unspecified	negative	unspecified
unspecified	positive	unspecified
unspecified	sadness	unspecified
unspecified	surprise	unspecified
unspecified	trust	unspecified
fist	anger	puño
fist	anticipation	de puño
fist	disgust	de puño
fist	fear	de puño
fist	joy	puño
fist	negative	de puño
fist	positive	de puño
fist	sadness	de puño
fist	surprise	puño
fist	trust	de puño
betray	anger	traiciona
betray	anticipation	traicionar
betray	disgust	traicionar
betray	fear	traicionar
betray	joy	traicionar
betray	negative	traicionar
betray	positive	traicionar
betray	sadness	traicionar
betray	surprise	traicionar
betray	trust	traicionar
prodigal	anger	prodigal
prodigal	anticipation	prodigal
prodigal	disgust	prodigal
prodigal	fear	prodigal
prodigal	joy	prodigal
prodigal	negative	prodigal
prodigal	positive	prodigal
prodigal	sadness	prodigal
prodigal	surprise	prodigal
prodigal	trust	prodigal
blackberry	anger	mora
blackberry	anticipation	de mora
blackberry	disgust	de mora
blackberry	fear	de mora
blackberry	joy	mora
blackberry	negative	de mora
blackberry	positive	de mora
blackberry	sadness	de mora
blackberry	surprise	mora
blackberry	trust	de mora
staid	anger	staid
staid	anticipation	staid
staid	disgust	staid
staid	fear	staid
staid	joy	staid
staid	negative	staid
staid	positive	staid
staid	sadness	staid
staid	surprise	staid
staid	trust	staid
assurance	anger	garantía
assurance	anticipation	de garantía
assurance	disgust	de garantía
assurance	fear	de garantía
assurance	joy	garantía
assurance	negative	de garantía
assurance	positive	de garantía
assurance	sadness	de garantía
assurance	surprise	cuidado
assurance	trust	de cuidado
care	anger	de garantía
care	anticipation	de garantía
care	disgust	cuidado
care	fear	de cuidado
care	joy	de cuidado
care	negative	de cuidado
care	positive	cuidado
care	sadness	de cuidado
care	surprise	de cuidado
care	trust	de cuidado
accommodate	anger	acomoda
accommodate	anticipation	acomodar
accommodate	disgust	acomodar
accommodate	fear	acomodar
accommodate	joy	acomodar
accommodate	negative	acomodar
accommodate	positive	acomodar
accommodate	sadness	acomodar
accommodate	surprise	acomodar
accommodate	trust	acomodar
habitually	anger	habitually
habitually	anticipation	habitually
habitually	disgust	habitually
habitually	fear	habitually
habitually	joy	habitually
habitually	negative	habitually
habitually	positive	habitually
habitually	sadness	habitually
habitually	surprise	habitually
habitually	trust	habitually
stupendous	anger	estupendo
stupendous	anticipation	estupendo
stupendous	disgust	estupendo
stupendous	fear	estupendo
stupendous	joy	estupendo
stupendous	negative	estupendo
stupendous	positive	estupendo
stupendous	sadness	estupendo
stupendous	surprise	estupendo
stupendous	trust	estupendo
quandary	anger	quandary
quandary	anticipation	quandary
quandary	disgust	quandary
quandary	fear	quandary
quandary	joy	quandary
quandary	negative	quandary
quandary	positive	quandary
quandary	sadness	quandary
quandary	surprise	quandary
quandary	trust	quandary
cattle	anger	ganado
cattle	anticipation	de ganado
cattle	disgust	de ganado
cattle	fear	de ganado
cattle	joy	ganado
cattle	negative	de ganado
cattle	positive	de ganado
cattle	sadness	de ganado
cattle	surprise	ganado
cattle	trust	de ganado
barring	anger	barring
barring	anticipation	barring
barring	disgust	barring
barring	fear	barring
barring	joy	barring
barring	negative	barring
barring	positive	barring
barring	sadness	barring
barring	surprise	barring
barring	trust	barring
engrave	anger	engrave
engrave	anticipation	engrave
engrave	disgust	engrave
engrave	fear	engrave
engrave	joy	engrave
engrave	negative	engrave
engrave	positive	engrave
engrave	sadness	engrave
engrave	surprise	engrave
engrave	trust	engrave
yawn	anger	bostezo
yawn	anticipation	de bostezo
yawn	disgust	de bostezo
yawn	fear	de bostezo
yawn	joy	bostezo
yawn	negative	de bostezo
yawn	positive	de bostezo
yawn	sadness	de bostezo
yawn	surprise	bostezo
yawn	trust	de bostezo
stainless	anger	inoxidable
stainless	anticipation	inoxidable
stainless	disgust	inoxidable
stainless	fear	inoxidable
stainless	joy	inoxidable
stainless	negative	inoxidable
stainless	positive	inoxidable
stainless	sadness	esperma
stainless	surprise	de esperma
stainless	trust	inoxidable
sperm	anger	inoxidable
sperm	anticipation	inoxidable
sperm	disgust	esperma
sperm	fear	de esperma
sperm	joy	de esperma
sperm	negative	de esperma
sperm	positive	esperma
sperm	sadness	de esperma
sperm	surprise	de esperma
sperm	trust	de esperma
explain	anger	explica
explain	anticipation	explicar
explain	disgust	explicar
explain	fear	explicar
explain	joy	explicar
explain	negative	explicar
explain	positive	explicar
explain	sadness	explicar
explain	surprise	explicar
explain	trust	explicar
dynamics	anger	dinámica
dynamics	anticipation	de dinámica
dynamics	disgust	de dinámica
dynamics	fear	de dinámica
dynamics	joy	dinámica
dynamics	negative	de dinámica
dynamics	positive	de dinámica
dynamics	sadness	de dinámica
dynamics	surprise	cielo
dynamics	trust	de cielo
sky	anger	de dinámica
sky	anticipation	de dinámica
sky	disgust	cielo
sky	fear	de cielo
sky	joy	de cielo
sky	negative	de cielo
sky	positive	cielo
sky	sadness	de cielo
sky	surprise	de cielo
sky	trust	de cielo
phony	anger	phony
phony	anticipation	phony
phony	disgust	phony
phony	fear	phony
phony	joy	phony
phony	negative	phony
phony	positive	phony
phony	sadness	phony
phony	surprise	phony
phony	trust	phony
microphone	anger	micrófono
microphone	anticipation	de micrófono
microphone	disgust	de micrófono
microphone	fear	de micrófono
microphone	joy	micrófono
microphone	negative	de micrófono
microphone	positive	de micrófono
microphone	sadness	de micrófono
microphone	surprise	principio
microphone	trust	de principio
beginning	anger	de micrófono
beginning	anticipation	de micrófono
beginning	disgust	principio
beginning	fear	de principio
beginning	joy	de principio
beginning	negative	de principio
beginning	positive	principio
beginning	sadness	de principio
beginning	surprise	de principio
beginning	trust	de principio
pressing	anger	prensado
pressing	anticipation	de prensado
pressing	disgust	de prensado
pressing	fear	de prensado
pressing	joy	prensado
pressing	negative	de prensado
pressing	positive	de prensado
pressing	sadness	de prensado
pressing	surprise	prensado
pressing	trust	de prensado
spoke	anger	habló
spoke	anticipation	habló
spoke	disgust	habló
spoke	fear	habló
spoke	joy	habló
spoke	negative	habló
spoke	positive	habló
spoke	sadness	habló
spoke	surprise	habló
spoke	trust	habló
boob	anger	boob
boob	anticipation	boob
boob	disgust	boob
boob	fear	boob
boob	joy	boob
boob	negative	boob
boob	positive	boob
boob	sadness	boob
boob	surprise	boob
boob	trust	boob
ductile	anger	dúctil
ductile	anticipation	dúctil
ductile	disgust	dúctil
ductile	fear	dúctil
ductile	joy	dúctil
ductile	negative	dúctil
ductile	positive	dúctil
ductile	sadness	paréntesis
ductile	surprise	de paréntesis
ductile	trust	dúctil
bracket	anger	dúctil
bracket	anticipation	dúctil
bracket	disgust	paréntesis
bracket	fear	de paréntesis
bracket	joy	de paréntesis
bracket	negative	de paréntesis
bracket	positive	paréntesis
bracket	sadness	de paréntesis
bracket	surprise	de paréntesis
bracket	trust	de paréntesis
prune	anger	prune
prune	anticipation	prune
prune	disgust	prune
prune	fear	prune
prune	joy	prune
prune	negative	prune
prune	positive	prune
prune	sadness	prune
prune	surprise	prune
prune	trust	prune
brass	anger	latón
brass	anticipation	de latón
brass	disgust	de latón
brass	fear	de latón
brass	joy	latón
brass	negative	de latón
brass	positive	de latón
brass	sadness	de latón
brass	surprise	latón
brass	trust	de latón
numeral	anger	numeral
numeral	anticipation	numeral
numeral	disgust	numeral
numeral	fear	numeral
numeral	joy	numeral
numeral	negative	numeral
numeral	positive	numeral
numeral	sadness	heroicidad
numeral	surprise	de heroicidad
numeral	trust	numeral
heroism	anger	numeral
heroism	anticipation	numeral
heroism	disgust	heroicidad
heroism	fear	de heroicidad
heroism	joy	de heroicidad
heroism	negative	de heroicidad
heroism	positive	heroicidad
heroism	sadness	de heroicidad
heroism	surprise	de heroicidad
heroism	trust	de heroicidad que
prompting	anger	incita
prompting	anticipation	incitando
prompting	disgust	incitando
prompting	fear	incitando
prompting	joy	incitando
prompting	negative	incitando
prompting	positive	incitando
prompting	sadness	incitando
prompting	surprise	incitando
prompting	trust	incitando
adage	anger	adagio
adage	anticipation	de adagio
adage	disgust	de adagio
adage	fear	de adagio
adage	joy	adagio
adage	negative	de adagio
adage	positive	de adagio
adage	sadness	de adagio
adage	surprise	adagio
adage	trust	de adagio
slow	anger	lento
slow	anticipation	lento
slow	disgust	lento
slow	fear	lento
slow	joy	lento
slow	negative	lento
slow	positive	lento
slow	sadness	rifles
slow	surprise	de rifles
slow	trust	lentos
rifles	anger	lentos
rifles	anticipation	lentos
rifles	disgust	rifles
rifles	fear	de rifles
rifles	joy	de rifles
rifles	negative	de rifles
rifles	positive	rifles
rifles	sadness	de rifles
rifles	surprise	de rifles
rifles	trust	de rifles
inoperative	anger	inoperative
inoperative	anticipation	inoperative
inoperative	disgust	inoperative
inoperative	fear	inoperative
inoperative	joy	inoperative
inoperative	negative	inoperative
inoperative	positive	inoperative
inoperative	sadness	inoperative
inoperative	surprise	inoperative
inoperative	trust	inoperative
awry	anger	awry
awry	anticipation	awry
awry	disgust	awry
awry	fear	awry
awry	joy	awry
awry	negative	awry
awry	positive	awry
awry	sadness	awry
awry	surprise	awry
awry	trust	awry
sedimentary	anger	sedimentary
sedimentary	anticipation	sedimentary
sedimentary	disgust	sedimentary
sedimentary	fear	sedimentary
sedimentary	joy	sedimentary
sedimentary	negative	sedimentary
sedimentary	positive	sedimentary
sedimentary	sadness	sedimentary
sedimentary	surprise	sedimentary
sedimentary	trust	sedimentary
ignore	anger	ignorar
ignore	anticipation	ignorar
ignore	disgust	ignorar
ignore	fear	ignorar
ignore	joy	ignorar
ignore	negative	ignorar
ignore	positive	ignorar
ignore	sadness	ignorar
ignore	surprise	ignorar
ignore	trust	ignorar
disappearance	anger	desaparición
disappearance	anticipation	de desaparición
disappearance	disgust	de desaparición
disappearance	fear	de desaparición
disappearance	joy	desaparición
disappearance	negative	de desaparición
disappearance	positive	de desaparición
disappearance	sadness	de desaparición
disappearance	surprise	desaparición
disappearance	trust	de desaparición
measured	anger	midió
measured	anticipation	medida
measured	disgust	midió
measured	fear	medido
measured	joy	midió
measured	negative	medido
measured	positive	midió
measured	sadness	medido
measured	surprise	midió
measured	trust	medido
imminent	anger	inminente
imminent	anticipation	inminente
imminent	disgust	inminente
imminent	fear	inminente
imminent	joy	inminente
imminent	negative	inminente
imminent	positive	inminente
imminent	sadness	inminente
imminent	surprise	inminente
imminent	trust	inminente
glabrous	anger	glabrous
glabrous	anticipation	glabrous
glabrous	disgust	glabrous
glabrous	fear	glabrous
glabrous	joy	glabrous
glabrous	negative	glabrous
glabrous	positive	glabrous
glabrous	sadness	glabrous
glabrous	surprise	glabrous
glabrous	trust	glabrous
perishable	anger	perecedero
perishable	anticipation	perecedero
perishable	disgust	perecedero
perishable	fear	perecedero
perishable	joy	perecedero
perishable	negative	perecedero
perishable	positive	perecedero
perishable	sadness	perecedero
perishable	surprise	perecedero
perishable	trust	perecedero
genial	anger	apacible
genial	anticipation	apacible
genial	disgust	apacible
genial	fear	apacible
genial	joy	apacible
genial	negative	apacible
genial	positive	apacible
genial	sadness	estudio
genial	surprise	de estudio
genial	trust	apacible
study	anger	apacible
study	anticipation	apacible
study	disgust	estudio
study	fear	de estudio
study	joy	de estudio
study	negative	de estudio
study	positive	estudio
study	sadness	de estudio
study	surprise	de estudio
study	trust	de estudio
dolphin	anger	delfín
dolphin	anticipation	de delfín
dolphin	disgust	de delfín
dolphin	fear	de delfín
dolphin	joy	delfín
dolphin	negative	de delfín
dolphin	positive	de delfín
dolphin	sadness	de delfín
dolphin	surprise	brazo
dolphin	trust	de brazo
arm	anger	de delfín
arm	anticipation	de delfín
arm	disgust	brazo
arm	fear	de brazo
arm	joy	de brazo
arm	negative	de brazo
arm	positive	brazo
arm	sadness	de brazo
arm	surprise	de brazo
arm	trust	de brazo
fundamental	anger	fundamental
fundamental	anticipation	fundamental
fundamental	disgust	fundamental
fundamental	fear	fundamental
fundamental	joy	fundamental
fundamental	negative	fundamental
fundamental	positive	fundamental
fundamental	sadness	fundamental
fundamental	surprise	fundamental
fundamental	trust	fundamental
futile	anger	vano
futile	anticipation	vano
futile	disgust	vano
futile	fear	vano
futile	joy	vano
futile	negative	vano
futile	positive	vano
futile	sadness	comentarista
futile	surprise	de comentarista
futile	trust	vano
commentator	anger	vano
commentator	anticipation	vano
commentator	disgust	comentarista
commentator	fear	de comentarista
commentator	joy	de comentarista
commentator	negative	de comentarista
commentator	positive	comentarista
commentator	sadness	de comentarista
commentator	surprise	de comentarista
commentator	trust	de comentarista
materialize	anger	materializa
materialize	anticipation	materializar
materialize	disgust	materializar
materialize	fear	materializar
materialize	joy	materializar
materialize	negative	materializar
materialize	positive	materializar
materialize	sadness	materializar
materialize	surprise	materializar
materialize	trust	materializar
survive	anger	sobrevivir
survive	anticipation	sobrevivir
survive	disgust	sobrevivir
survive	fear	sobrevivir
survive	joy	sobrevivir
survive	negative	sobrevivir
survive	positive	sobrevivir
survive	sadness	sobrevivir
survive	surprise	sobrevivir
survive	trust	sobrevivir
blowout	anger	blowout
blowout	anticipation	blowout
blowout	disgust	blowout
blowout	fear	blowout
blowout	joy	blowout
blowout	negative	blowout
blowout	positive	blowout
blowout	sadness	blowout
blowout	surprise	blowout
blowout	trust	blowout
injury	anger	daño
injury	anticipation	de daño
injury	disgust	de daño
injury	fear	de daño
injury	joy	daño
injury	negative	de daño
injury	positive	de daño
injury	sadness	de daño
injury	surprise	daño
injury	trust	de daño
degeneracy	anger	degeneracy
degeneracy	anticipation	degeneracy
degeneracy	disgust	degeneracy
degeneracy	fear	degeneracy
degeneracy	joy	degeneracy
degeneracy	negative	degeneracy
degeneracy	positive	degeneracy
degeneracy	sadness	degeneracy
degeneracy	surprise	degeneracy
degeneracy	trust	degeneracy
gobble	anger	gobble
gobble	anticipation	gobble
gobble	disgust	gobble
gobble	fear	gobble
gobble	joy	gobble
gobble	negative	gobble
gobble	positive	gobble
gobble	sadness	gobble
gobble	surprise	gobble
gobble	trust	gobble
arrogance	anger	arrogancia
arrogance	anticipation	de arrogancia
arrogance	disgust	de arrogancia
arrogance	fear	de arrogancia
arrogance	joy	arrogancia
arrogance	negative	de arrogancia
arrogance	positive	de arrogancia
arrogance	sadness	de arrogancia
arrogance	surprise	arrogancia
arrogance	trust	de arrogancia
buzzed	anger	buzzed
buzzed	anticipation	buzzed
buzzed	disgust	buzzed
buzzed	fear	buzzed
buzzed	joy	buzzed
buzzed	negative	buzzed
buzzed	positive	buzzed
buzzed	sadness	buzzed
buzzed	surprise	buzzed
buzzed	trust	buzzed
metropolis	anger	metrópoli
metropolis	anticipation	de metrópoli
metropolis	disgust	de metrópoli
metropolis	fear	de metrópoli
metropolis	joy	metrópoli
metropolis	negative	de metrópoli
metropolis	positive	de metrópoli
metropolis	sadness	de metrópoli
metropolis	surprise	metrópoli
metropolis	trust	de metrópoli
unchanged	anger	sin cambios
unchanged	anticipation	sin cambios
unchanged	disgust	sin cambios
unchanged	fear	sin cambios
unchanged	joy	sin cambios
unchanged	negative	sin cambios
unchanged	positive	sin cambios
unchanged	sadness	sin cambios
unchanged	surprise	sin cambios
unchanged	trust	sin cambios
inhuman	anger	inhumano
inhuman	anticipation	inhumano
inhuman	disgust	inhumano
inhuman	fear	inhumano
inhuman	joy	inhumano
inhuman	negative	inhumano
inhuman	positive	inhumano
inhuman	sadness	inhumano
inhuman	surprise	inhumano
inhuman	trust	inhumano
boulder	anger	boulder
boulder	anticipation	boulder
boulder	disgust	boulder
boulder	fear	boulder
boulder	joy	boulder
boulder	negative	boulder
boulder	positive	boulder
boulder	sadness	boulder
boulder	surprise	boulder
boulder	trust	boulder
bibliography	anger	bibliografía
bibliography	anticipation	de bibliografía
bibliography	disgust	de bibliografía
bibliography	fear	de bibliografía
bibliography	joy	bibliografía
bibliography	negative	de bibliografía
bibliography	positive	de bibliografía
bibliography	sadness	de bibliografía
bibliography	surprise	bibliografía
bibliography	trust	de bibliografía que
qualifying	anger	cualifica
qualifying	anticipation	cualificando
qualifying	disgust	cualificando
qualifying	fear	cualificando
qualifying	joy	cualificando
qualifying	negative	cualificando
qualifying	positive	cualificando
qualifying	sadness	cualificando
qualifying	surprise	cualificando
qualifying	trust	cualificando
dissent	anger	disiente
dissent	anticipation	disentir
dissent	disgust	disentir
dissent	fear	disentir
dissent	joy	disentir
dissent	negative	disentir
dissent	positive	disentir
dissent	sadness	disentir
dissent	surprise	disentir
dissent	trust	disentir
proper	anger	apropiado
proper	anticipation	apropiado
proper	disgust	apropiado
proper	fear	apropiado
proper	joy	apropiado
proper	negative	apropiado
proper	positive	apropiado
proper	sadness	apropiado
proper	surprise	apropiado
proper	trust	apropiado
seam	anger	seam
seam	anticipation	seam
seam	disgust	seam
seam	fear	seam
seam	joy	seam
seam	negative	seam
seam	positive	seam
seam	sadness	seam
seam	surprise	seam
seam	trust	seam
mouth	anger	boca
mouth	anticipation	de boca
mouth	disgust	de boca
mouth	fear	de boca
mouth	joy	boca
mouth	negative	de boca
mouth	positive	de boca
mouth	sadness	de boca
mouth	surprise	boca
mouth	trust	de boca
weed	anger	weed
weed	anticipation	weed
weed	disgust	weed
weed	fear	weed
weed	joy	weed
weed	negative	weed
weed	positive	weed
weed	sadness	weed
weed	surprise	weed
weed	trust	weed
unveiling	anger	descubriendo
unveiling	anticipation	descubriendo
unveiling	disgust	descubriendo
unveiling	fear	descubriendo
unveiling	joy	descubriendo
unveiling	negative	descubriendo
unveiling	positive	descubriendo
unveiling	sadness	descubriendo
unveiling	surprise	descubriendo
unveiling	trust	descubriendo
spongy	anger	esponjoso
spongy	anticipation	esponjoso
spongy	disgust	esponjoso
spongy	fear	esponjoso
spongy	joy	esponjoso
spongy	negative	esponjoso
spongy	positive	esponjoso
spongy	sadness	esponjoso
spongy	surprise	esponjoso
spongy	trust	esponjoso
slight	anger	leve
slight	anticipation	leve
slight	disgust	leve
slight	fear	leve
slight	joy	leve
slight	negative	leve
slight	positive	leve
slight	sadness	leve
slight	surprise	leve
slight	trust	leve
hop	anger	hop
hop	anticipation	hop
hop	disgust	hop
hop	fear	hop
hop	joy	hop
hop	negative	hop
hop	positive	hop
hop	sadness	hop
hop	surprise	hop
hop	trust	hop
rice	anger	arroz
rice	anticipation	de arroz
rice	disgust	de arroz
rice	fear	de arroz
rice	joy	arroz
rice	negative	de arroz
rice	positive	de arroz
rice	sadness	de arroz
rice	surprise	arroz
rice	trust	de arroz
dint	anger	dint
dint	anticipation	dint
dint	disgust	dint
dint	fear	dint
dint	joy	dint
dint	negative	dint
dint	positive	dint
dint	sadness	dint
dint	surprise	dint
dint	trust	dint
fiancee	anger	prometida
fiancee	anticipation	de prometida
fiancee	disgust	de prometida
fiancee	fear	de prometida
fiancee	joy	prometida
fiancee	negative	de prometida
fiancee	positive	de prometida
fiancee	sadness	de prometida
fiancee	surprise	prometida
fiancee	trust	de prometida
yearly	anger	anual
yearly	anticipation	anual
yearly	disgust	anual
yearly	fear	anual
yearly	joy	anual
yearly	negative	anual
yearly	positive	anual
yearly	sadness	anual
yearly	surprise	anual
yearly	trust	anual
admiralty	anger	admiralty
admiralty	anticipation	admiralty
admiralty	disgust	admiralty
admiralty	fear	admiralty
admiralty	joy	admiralty
admiralty	negative	admiralty
admiralty	positive	admiralty
admiralty	sadness	admiralty
admiralty	surprise	admiralty
admiralty	trust	admiralty
encouragement	anger	ánimo
encouragement	anticipation	de ánimo
encouragement	disgust	de ánimo
encouragement	fear	de ánimo
encouragement	joy	ánimo
encouragement	negative	de ánimo
encouragement	positive	de ánimo
encouragement	sadness	de ánimo
encouragement	surprise	cubo
encouragement	trust	de cubo
bucket	anger	de ánimo
bucket	anticipation	de ánimo
bucket	disgust	cubo
bucket	fear	de cubo
bucket	joy	de cubo
bucket	negative	de cubo
bucket	positive	cubo
bucket	sadness	de cubo
bucket	surprise	de cubo
bucket	trust	de cubo
artillery	anger	artillería
artillery	anticipation	de artillería
artillery	disgust	de artillería
artillery	fear	de artillería
artillery	joy	artillería
artillery	negative	de artillería
artillery	positive	de artillería
artillery	sadness	de artillería
artillery	surprise	artillería
artillery	trust	de artillería
ago	anger	hace
ago	anticipation	hace
ago	disgust	hace
ago	fear	hace
ago	joy	hace
ago	negative	hace
ago	positive	hace
ago	sadness	hace
ago	surprise	hace
ago	trust	hace
bitch	anger	puta
bitch	anticipation	de puta
bitch	disgust	de puta
bitch	fear	de puta
bitch	joy	puta
bitch	negative	de puta
bitch	positive	de puta
bitch	sadness	de puta
bitch	surprise	puta
bitch	trust	de puta
stoop	anger	stoop
stoop	anticipation	stoop
stoop	disgust	stoop
stoop	fear	stoop
stoop	joy	stoop
stoop	negative	stoop
stoop	positive	stoop
stoop	sadness	stoop
stoop	surprise	stoop
stoop	trust	stoop
organized	anger	organizó
organized	anticipation	organizado
organized	disgust	organizó
organized	fear	organizado
organized	joy	organizó
organized	negative	organizado
organized	positive	organizó
organized	sadness	organizado
organized	surprise	organizó
organized	trust	organizado
ware	anger	ware
ware	anticipation	ware
ware	disgust	ware
ware	fear	ware
ware	joy	ware
ware	negative	ware
ware	positive	ware
ware	sadness	ware
ware	surprise	ware
ware	trust	ware
silver	anger	plata
silver	anticipation	de plata
silver	disgust	de plata
silver	fear	de plata
silver	joy	plata
silver	negative	de plata
silver	positive	de plata
silver	sadness	de plata
silver	surprise	plata
silver	trust	de plata
imposition	anger	imposition
imposition	anticipation	imposition
imposition	disgust	imposition
imposition	fear	imposition
imposition	joy	imposition
imposition	negative	imposition
imposition	positive	imposition
imposition	sadness	imposition
imposition	surprise	imposition
imposition	trust	imposition
mistake	anger	equivocación
mistake	anticipation	de equivocación
mistake	disgust	de equivocación
mistake	fear	de equivocación
mistake	joy	equivocación
mistake	negative	de equivocación
mistake	positive	de equivocación
mistake	sadness	de equivocación
mistake	surprise	equivocación
mistake	trust	de equivocación
invader	anger	invader
invader	anticipation	invader
invader	disgust	invader
invader	fear	invader
invader	joy	invader
invader	negative	invader
invader	positive	invader
invader	sadness	invader
invader	surprise	invader
invader	trust	invader
facing	anger	afrontando
facing	anticipation	afrontando
facing	disgust	afrontando
facing	fear	afrontando
facing	joy	afrontando
facing	negative	afrontando
facing	positive	afrontando
facing	sadness	afrontando
facing	surprise	afrontando
facing	trust	afrontando
craftsman	anger	craftsman
craftsman	anticipation	craftsman
craftsman	disgust	craftsman
craftsman	fear	craftsman
craftsman	joy	craftsman
craftsman	negative	craftsman
craftsman	positive	craftsman
craftsman	sadness	craftsman
craftsman	surprise	craftsman
craftsman	trust	craftsman
encircling	anger	ciñiendo
encircling	anticipation	ciñiendo
encircling	disgust	ciñiendo
encircling	fear	ciñiendo
encircling	joy	ciñiendo
encircling	negative	ciñiendo
encircling	positive	ciñiendo
encircling	sadness	ciñiendo
encircling	surprise	ciñiendo
encircling	trust	ciñiendo
ait	anger	ait
ait	anticipation	ait
ait	disgust	ait
ait	fear	ait
ait	joy	ait
ait	negative	ait
ait	positive	ait
ait	sadness	ait
ait	surprise	ait
ait	trust	ait
slip	anger	resbalón
slip	anticipation	de resbalón
slip	disgust	de resbalón
slip	fear	de resbalón
slip	joy	resbalón
slip	negative	de resbalón
slip	positive	de resbalón
slip	sadness	de resbalón
slip	surprise	resbalón
slip	trust	de resbalón
rampage	anger	rampage
rampage	anticipation	rampage
rampage	disgust	rampage
rampage	fear	rampage
rampage	joy	rampage
rampage	negative	rampage
rampage	positive	rampage
rampage	sadness	rampage
rampage	surprise	rampage
rampage	trust	rampage
focal	anger	focal
focal	anticipation	focal
focal	disgust	focal
focal	fear	focal
focal	joy	focal
focal	negative	focal
focal	positive	focal
focal	sadness	focal
focal	surprise	focal
focal	trust	focal
lean	anger	flaco
lean	anticipation	flaco
lean	disgust	flaco
lean	fear	flaco
lean	joy	flaco
lean	negative	flaco
lean	positive	flaco
lean	sadness	flaco
lean	surprise	flaco
lean	trust	flaco
authentication	anger	authentication
authentication	anticipation	authentication
authentication	disgust	authentication
authentication	fear	authentication
authentication	joy	authentication
authentication	negative	authentication
authentication	positive	authentication
authentication	sadness	authentication
authentication	surprise	authentication
authentication	trust	authentication
thanksgiving	anger	acción de gracias
thanksgiving	anticipation	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	disgust	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	fear	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	joy	acción de gracias
thanksgiving	negative	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	positive	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	sadness	de acción de gracias
thanksgiving	surprise	acción de gracias
thanksgiving	trust	de acción de gracias
fabricated	anger	fabricated
fabricated	anticipation	fabricated
fabricated	disgust	fabricated
fabricated	fear	fabricated
fabricated	joy	fabricated
fabricated	negative	fabricated
fabricated	positive	fabricated
fabricated	sadness	fabricated
fabricated	surprise	fabricated
fabricated	trust	fabricated
healing	anger	curándose
healing	anticipation	curación
healing	disgust	de curación
healing	fear	de curación
healing	joy	de curación
healing	negative	curación
healing	positive	de curación
healing	sadness	de curación
healing	surprise	de curación
healing	trust	masa
mass	anger	de masa
mass	anticipation	de masa
mass	disgust	de curación
mass	fear	masa
mass	joy	de masa
mass	negative	de masa
mass	positive	de masa
mass	sadness	masa
mass	surprise	de masa
mass	trust	de la masa
bis	anger	bis
bis	anticipation	bis
bis	disgust	bis
bis	fear	bis
bis	joy	bis
bis	negative	bis
bis	positive	bis
bis	sadness	bis
bis	surprise	bis
bis	trust	bis
lavage	anger	lavage
lavage	anticipation	lavage
lavage	disgust	lavage
lavage	fear	lavage
lavage	joy	lavage
lavage	negative	lavage
lavage	positive	lavage
lavage	sadness	lavage
lavage	surprise	lavage
lavage	trust	lavage
articles	anger	artículos
articles	anticipation	de artículos
articles	disgust	de artículos
articles	fear	de artículos
articles	joy	artículos
articles	negative	de artículos
articles	positive	de artículos
articles	sadness	de artículos
articles	surprise	artículos
articles	trust	de artículos
spew	anger	spew
spew	anticipation	spew
spew	disgust	spew
spew	fear	spew
spew	joy	spew
spew	negative	spew
spew	positive	spew
spew	sadness	spew
spew	surprise	spew
spew	trust	spew
festive	anger	festivos
festive	anticipation	festivos
festive	disgust	festivos
festive	fear	festivos
festive	joy	festivos
festive	negative	festivos
festive	positive	festivos
festive	sadness	festivos
festive	surprise	festivos
festive	trust	festivos
defined	anger	definió
defined	anticipation	definido
defined	disgust	definió
defined	fear	definido
defined	joy	definió
defined	negative	definido
defined	positive	definió
defined	sadness	definido
defined	surprise	definió
defined	trust	definido
crude	anger	crudo
crude	anticipation	crudo
crude	disgust	crudo
crude	fear	crudo
crude	joy	crudo
crude	negative	crudo
crude	positive	crudo
crude	sadness	crudo
crude	surprise	crudo
crude	trust	crudo
gore	anger	gore
gore	anticipation	gore
gore	disgust	gore
gore	fear	gore
gore	joy	gore
gore	negative	gore
gore	positive	gore
gore	sadness	gore
gore	surprise	gore
gore	trust	gore
unanimously	anger	unánimemente
unanimously	anticipation	unánimemente
unanimously	disgust	unánimemente
unanimously	fear	unánimemente
unanimously	joy	unánimemente
unanimously	negative	unánimemente
unanimously	positive	unánimemente
unanimously	sadness	unánimemente
unanimously	surprise	unánimemente
unanimously	trust	unánimemente
tenable	anger	tenable
tenable	anticipation	tenable
tenable	disgust	tenable
tenable	fear	tenable
tenable	joy	tenable
tenable	negative	tenable
tenable	positive	tenable
tenable	sadness	tenable
tenable	surprise	tenable
tenable	trust	tenable
entertain	anger	entretener
entertain	anticipation	entretener
entertain	disgust	entretener
entertain	fear	entretener
entertain	joy	entretener
entertain	negative	entretener
entertain	positive	entretener
entertain	sadness	entretener
entertain	surprise	entretener
entertain	trust	entretener
tripartite	anger	tripartite
tripartite	anticipation	tripartite
tripartite	disgust	tripartite
tripartite	fear	tripartite
tripartite	joy	tripartite
tripartite	negative	tripartite
tripartite	positive	tripartite
tripartite	sadness	tripartite
tripartite	surprise	tripartite
tripartite	trust	tripartite
guerilla	anger	guerilla
guerilla	anticipation	guerilla
guerilla	disgust	guerilla
guerilla	fear	guerilla
guerilla	joy	guerilla
guerilla	negative	guerilla
guerilla	positive	guerilla
guerilla	sadness	guerilla
guerilla	surprise	guerilla
guerilla	trust	guerilla
coexist	anger	coexist
coexist	anticipation	coexist
coexist	disgust	coexist
coexist	fear	coexist
coexist	joy	coexist
coexist	negative	coexist
coexist	positive	coexist
coexist	sadness	coexist
coexist	surprise	coexist
coexist	trust	coexist
chart	anger	gráfico
chart	anticipation	de gráfico
chart	disgust	de gráfico
chart	fear	de gráfico
chart	joy	gráfico
chart	negative	de gráfico
chart	positive	de gráfico
chart	sadness	de gráfico
chart	surprise	gráfico
chart	trust	de gráfico
balk	anger	balk
balk	anticipation	balk
balk	disgust	balk
balk	fear	balk
balk	joy	balk
balk	negative	balk
balk	positive	balk
balk	sadness	balk
balk	surprise	balk
balk	trust	balk
reputation	anger	reputación
reputation	anticipation	de reputación
reputation	disgust	de reputación
reputation	fear	de reputación
reputation	joy	reputación
reputation	negative	de reputación
reputation	positive	de reputación
reputation	sadness	de reputación
reputation	surprise	bungalow
reputation	trust	de bungalow
bungalow	anger	de reputación
bungalow	anticipation	de reputación
bungalow	disgust	bungalow
bungalow	fear	de bungalow
bungalow	joy	de bungalow
bungalow	negative	de bungalow
bungalow	positive	bungalow
bungalow	sadness	de bungalow
bungalow	surprise	de bungalow
bungalow	trust	de bungalow
complexity	anger	complejidad
complexity	anticipation	de complejidad
complexity	disgust	de complejidad
complexity	fear	de complejidad
complexity	joy	complejidad
complexity	negative	de complejidad
complexity	positive	de complejidad
complexity	sadness	de complejidad
complexity	surprise	complejidad
complexity	trust	de complejidad
toxic	anger	tóxica
toxic	anticipation	tóxico
toxic	disgust	tóxico
toxic	fear	tóxico
toxic	joy	tóxico
toxic	negative	tóxico
toxic	positive	tóxico
toxic	sadness	altar
toxic	surprise	de altar
toxic	trust	tóxico
altar	anger	tóxico
altar	anticipation	tóxico
altar	disgust	altar
altar	fear	de altar
altar	joy	de altar
altar	negative	de altar
altar	positive	altar
altar	sadness	de altar
altar	surprise	de altar
altar	trust	de altar
propelling	anger	propelling
propelling	anticipation	propelling
propelling	disgust	propelling
propelling	fear	propelling
propelling	joy	propelling
propelling	negative	propelling
propelling	positive	propelling
propelling	sadness	propelling
propelling	surprise	propelling
propelling	trust	propelling
threaten	anger	acechar
threaten	anticipation	acechar
threaten	disgust	acechar
threaten	fear	acechar
threaten	joy	acechar
threaten	negative	acechar
threaten	positive	acechar
threaten	sadness	acechar
threaten	surprise	acechar
threaten	trust	acechar
transitory	anger	transitorio
transitory	anticipation	transitorio
transitory	disgust	transitorio
transitory	fear	transitorio
transitory	joy	transitorio
transitory	negative	transitorio
transitory	positive	transitorio
transitory	sadness	transitorio
transitory	surprise	transitorio
transitory	trust	transitorio
smelling	anger	oliendo
smelling	anticipation	oliendo
smelling	disgust	oliendo
smelling	fear	oliendo
smelling	joy	oliendo
smelling	negative	oliendo
smelling	positive	oliendo
smelling	sadness	oliendo
smelling	surprise	oliendo
smelling	trust	oliendo
uninterrupted	anger	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	anticipation	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	disgust	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	fear	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	joy	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	negative	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	positive	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	sadness	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	surprise	uninterrupted
uninterrupted	trust	uninterrupted
unused	anger	unused
unused	anticipation	unused
unused	disgust	unused
unused	fear	unused
unused	joy	unused
unused	negative	unused
unused	positive	unused
unused	sadness	unused
unused	surprise	unused
unused	trust	unused
log	anger	registro
log	anticipation	de registro
log	disgust	de registro
log	fear	de registro
log	joy	registro
log	negative	de registro
log	positive	de registro
log	sadness	de registro
log	surprise	registro
log	trust	de registro
disposed	anger	colocó
disposed	anticipation	colocado
disposed	disgust	colocó
disposed	fear	colocado
disposed	joy	colocó
disposed	negative	colocado
disposed	positive	colocó
disposed	sadness	colocado
disposed	surprise	colocó
disposed	trust	carreta
cart	anger	de carreta
cart	anticipation	de carreta
cart	disgust	colocada
cart	fear	carreta
cart	joy	de carreta
cart	negative	de carreta
cart	positive	de carreta
cart	sadness	carreta
cart	surprise	de carreta
cart	trust	de la carreta
heighten	anger	aumenta
heighten	anticipation	aumentar
heighten	disgust	aumentar
heighten	fear	aumentar
heighten	joy	aumentar
heighten	negative	aumentar
heighten	positive	aumentar
heighten	sadness	aumentar
heighten	surprise	aumentar
heighten	trust	aumentar
bald	anger	bald
bald	anticipation	bald
bald	disgust	bald
bald	fear	bald
bald	joy	bald
bald	negative	bald
bald	positive	bald
bald	sadness	bald
bald	surprise	bald
bald	trust	bald
arsenic	anger	arsénico
arsenic	anticipation	de arsénico
arsenic	disgust	de arsénico
arsenic	fear	de arsénico
arsenic	joy	arsénico
arsenic	negative	de arsénico
arsenic	positive	de arsénico
arsenic	sadness	de arsénico
arsenic	surprise	arsénico
arsenic	trust	de arsénico
ledger	anger	ledger
ledger	anticipation	ledger
ledger	disgust	ledger
ledger	fear	ledger
ledger	joy	ledger
ledger	negative	ledger
ledger	positive	ledger
ledger	sadness	ledger
ledger	surprise	ledger
ledger	trust	ledger
sequestered	anger	sequestered
sequestered	anticipation	sequestered
sequestered	disgust	sequestered
sequestered	fear	sequestered
sequestered	joy	sequestered
sequestered	negative	sequestered
sequestered	positive	sequestered
sequestered	sadness	sequestered
sequestered	surprise	sequestered
sequestered	trust	sequestered
originate	anger	originar
originate	anticipation	originar
originate	disgust	originar
originate	fear	originar
originate	joy	originar
originate	negative	originar
originate	positive	originar
originate	sadness	originar
originate	surprise	originar
originate	trust	originar
axiomatic	anger	axiomático
axiomatic	anticipation	axiomático
axiomatic	disgust	axiomático
axiomatic	fear	axiomático
axiomatic	joy	axiomático
axiomatic	negative	axiomático
axiomatic	positive	axiomático
axiomatic	sadness	axiomático
axiomatic	surprise	axiomático
axiomatic	trust	axiomático
unoccupied	anger	unoccupied
unoccupied	anticipation	unoccupied
unoccupied	disgust	unoccupied
unoccupied	fear	unoccupied
unoccupied	joy	unoccupied
unoccupied	negative	unoccupied
unoccupied	positive	unoccupied
unoccupied	sadness	unoccupied
unoccupied	surprise	unoccupied
unoccupied	trust	unoccupied
sauna	anger	sauna
sauna	anticipation	de sauna
sauna	disgust	de sauna
sauna	fear	de sauna
sauna	joy	sauna
sauna	negative	de sauna
sauna	positive	de sauna
sauna	sadness	de sauna
sauna	surprise	direcciones
sauna	trust	de sauna
addresses	anger	de la sauna
addresses	anticipation	dirige
addresses	disgust	las direcciones
addresses	fear	dirige
addresses	joy	las direcciones
addresses	negative	dirige
addresses	positive	las direcciones
addresses	sadness	dirige
addresses	surprise	las direcciones
addresses	trust	dirige
nostril	anger	narina
nostril	anticipation	de narina
nostril	disgust	de narina
nostril	fear	de narina
nostril	joy	narina
nostril	negative	de narina
nostril	positive	de narina
nostril	sadness	de narina
nostril	surprise	narina
nostril	trust	de narina
retaliate	anger	retaliate
retaliate	anticipation	retaliate
retaliate	disgust	retaliate
retaliate	fear	retaliate
retaliate	joy	retaliate
retaliate	negative	retaliate
retaliate	positive	retaliate
retaliate	sadness	retaliate
retaliate	surprise	retaliate
retaliate	trust	retaliate
accueil	anger	accueil
accueil	anticipation	accueil
accueil	disgust	accueil
accueil	fear	accueil
accueil	joy	accueil
accueil	negative	accueil
accueil	positive	accueil
accueil	sadness	accueil
accueil	surprise	accueil
accueil	trust	accueil
rationale	anger	rationale
rationale	anticipation	rationale
rationale	disgust	rationale
rationale	fear	rationale
rationale	joy	rationale
rationale	negative	rationale
rationale	positive	rationale
rationale	sadness	rationale
rationale	surprise	rationale
rationale	trust	rationale
administer	anger	administrar
administer	anticipation	administrar
administer	disgust	administrar
administer	fear	administrar
administer	joy	administrar
administer	negative	administrar
administer	positive	administrar
administer	sadness	administrar
administer	surprise	administrar
administer	trust	administrar
unusual	anger	inusual
unusual	anticipation	inusual
unusual	disgust	inusual
unusual	fear	inusual
unusual	joy	inusual
unusual	negative	inusual
unusual	positive	inusual
unusual	sadness	suburbios
unusual	surprise	de suburbios
unusual	trust	inusuales
suburbs	anger	inusuales
suburbs	anticipation	inusuales
suburbs	disgust	suburbios
suburbs	fear	de suburbios
suburbs	joy	de suburbios
suburbs	negative	de suburbios
suburbs	positive	suburbios
suburbs	sadness	de suburbios
suburbs	surprise	de suburbios
suburbs	trust	de suburbios
formed	anger	formaron
formed	anticipation	formados
formed	disgust	formó
formed	fear	formado
formed	joy	formó
formed	negative	formado
formed	positive	formó
formed	sadness	formado
formed	surprise	formó
formed	trust	falacia
fallacy	anger	de falacia
fallacy	anticipation	de falacia
fallacy	disgust	formada
fallacy	fear	falacia
fallacy	joy	de falacia
fallacy	negative	de falacia
fallacy	positive	de falacia
fallacy	sadness	falacia
fallacy	surprise	de falacia
fallacy	trust	de la falacia que
changing	anger	cambia
changing	anticipation	cambiando
changing	disgust	cambiando
changing	fear	cambiando
changing	joy	cambiando
changing	negative	cambiando
changing	positive	cambiando
changing	sadness	cambiando
changing	surprise	cambiando
changing	trust	cambiando
normal	anger	normal
normal	anticipation	normal
normal	disgust	normal
normal	fear	normal
normal	joy	normal
normal	negative	normal
normal	positive	normal
normal	sadness	normal
normal	surprise	normal
normal	trust	normal
cold	anger	frío
cold	anticipation	frío
cold	disgust	frío
cold	fear	frío
cold	joy	frío
cold	negative	frío
cold	positive	frío
cold	sadness	frío
cold	surprise	frío
cold	trust	frío
deceitful	anger	engañoso
deceitful	anticipation	engañoso
deceitful	disgust	engañoso
deceitful	fear	engañoso
deceitful	joy	engañoso
deceitful	negative	engañoso
deceitful	positive	engañoso
deceitful	sadness	foto
deceitful	surprise	de foto
deceitful	trust	engañosa
photo	anger	engañosa
photo	anticipation	engañosa
photo	disgust	foto
photo	fear	de foto
photo	joy	de foto
photo	negative	de foto
photo	positive	foto
photo	sadness	de foto
photo	surprise	de foto
photo	trust	de foto
technical	anger	técnica
technical	anticipation	técnico
technical	disgust	técnico
technical	fear	técnico
technical	joy	técnico
technical	negative	técnico
technical	positive	técnico
technical	sadness	técnico
technical	surprise	técnico
technical	trust	técnico
opaque	anger	opaco
opaque	anticipation	opaco
opaque	disgust	opaco
opaque	fear	opaco
opaque	joy	opaco
opaque	negative	opaco
opaque	positive	opaco
opaque	sadness	armario
opaque	surprise	de armario
opaque	trust	opaco
closet	anger	opaco
closet	anticipation	opaco
closet	disgust	armario
closet	fear	de armario
closet	joy	de armario
closet	negative	de armario
closet	positive	armario
closet	sadness	de armario
closet	surprise	de armario
closet	trust	de armario
congenital	anger	congénito
congenital	anticipation	congénito
congenital	disgust	congénito
congenital	fear	congénito
congenital	joy	congénito
congenital	negative	congénito
congenital	positive	congénito
congenital	sadness	congénito
congenital	surprise	congénito
congenital	trust	congénito
medallist	anger	medallist
medallist	anticipation	medallist
medallist	disgust	medallist
medallist	fear	medallist
medallist	joy	medallist
medallist	negative	medallist
medallist	positive	medallist
medallist	sadness	medallist
medallist	surprise	medallist
medallist	trust	medallist
convey	anger	transportar
convey	anticipation	transportar
convey	disgust	transportar
convey	fear	transportar
convey	joy	transportar
convey	negative	transportar
convey	positive	transportar
convey	sadness	transportar
convey	surprise	transportar
convey	trust	transportar
compressed	anger	comprimido
compressed	anticipation	comprimió
compressed	disgust	comprimido
compressed	fear	comprimió
compressed	joy	comprimió
compressed	negative	comprimido
compressed	positive	comprimió
compressed	sadness	comprimido
compressed	surprise	comprimió
compressed	trust	comprimido
harmoniously	anger	armónicamente
harmoniously	anticipation	armónicamente
harmoniously	disgust	armónicamente
harmoniously	fear	armónicamente
harmoniously	joy	armónicamente
harmoniously	negative	armónicamente
harmoniously	positive	armónicamente
harmoniously	sadness	armónicamente
harmoniously	surprise	armónicamente
harmoniously	trust	armónicamente
discontent	anger	disgusto
discontent	anticipation	de disgusto
discontent	disgust	de disgusto
discontent	fear	de disgusto
discontent	joy	disgusto
discontent	negative	de disgusto
discontent	positive	de disgusto
discontent	sadness	de disgusto
discontent	surprise	disgusto
discontent	trust	de disgusto
handful	anger	handful
handful	anticipation	handful
handful	disgust	handful
handful	fear	handful
handful	joy	handful
handful	negative	handful
handful	positive	handful
handful	sadness	handful
handful	surprise	handful
handful	trust	handful
slanderous	anger	slanderous
slanderous	anticipation	slanderous
slanderous	disgust	slanderous
slanderous	fear	slanderous
slanderous	joy	slanderous
slanderous	negative	slanderous
slanderous	positive	slanderous
slanderous	sadness	slanderous
slanderous	surprise	slanderous
slanderous	trust	slanderous
magnetite	anger	magnetita
magnetite	anticipation	de magnetita
magnetite	disgust	de magnetita
magnetite	fear	de magnetita
magnetite	joy	magnetita
magnetite	negative	de magnetita
magnetite	positive	de magnetita
magnetite	sadness	de magnetita
magnetite	surprise	frío
magnetite	trust	de frío
chill	anger	de magnetita
chill	anticipation	de magnetita
chill	disgust	frío
chill	fear	de frío
chill	joy	de frío
chill	negative	de frío
chill	positive	frío
chill	sadness	de frío
chill	surprise	de frío
chill	trust	de frío
chafing	anger	chafing
chafing	anticipation	chafing
chafing	disgust	chafing
chafing	fear	chafing
chafing	joy	chafing
chafing	negative	chafing
chafing	positive	chafing
chafing	sadness	chafing
chafing	surprise	chafing
chafing	trust	chafing
skein	anger	skein
skein	anticipation	skein
skein	disgust	skein
skein	fear	skein
skein	joy	skein
skein	negative	skein
skein	positive	skein
skein	sadness	skein
skein	surprise	skein
skein	trust	skein
bonfire	anger	hoguera
bonfire	anticipation	de hoguera
bonfire	disgust	de hoguera
bonfire	fear	de hoguera
bonfire	joy	hoguera
bonfire	negative	de hoguera
bonfire	positive	de hoguera
bonfire	sadness	de hoguera
bonfire	surprise	hoguera
bonfire	trust	de hoguera
psyche	anger	psyche
psyche	anticipation	psyche
psyche	disgust	psyche
psyche	fear	psyche
psyche	joy	psyche
psyche	negative	psyche
psyche	positive	psyche
psyche	sadness	psyche
psyche	surprise	psyche
psyche	trust	psyche
goods	anger	bienes
goods	anticipation	de bienes
goods	disgust	de bienes
goods	fear	de bienes
goods	joy	bienes
goods	negative	de bienes
goods	positive	de bienes
goods	sadness	de bienes
goods	surprise	bienes
goods	trust	de bienes
cognate	anger	cognate
cognate	anticipation	cognate
cognate	disgust	cognate
cognate	fear	cognate
cognate	joy	cognate
cognate	negative	cognate
cognate	positive	cognate
cognate	sadness	cognate
cognate	surprise	cognate
cognate	trust	cognate
daring	anger	osando
daring	anticipation	osando
daring	disgust	osando
daring	fear	osando
daring	joy	osando
daring	negative	osando
daring	positive	osando
daring	sadness	osando
daring	surprise	osando
daring	trust	osando
spore	anger	espora
spore	anticipation	de espora
spore	disgust	de espora
spore	fear	de espora
spore	joy	espora
spore	negative	de espora
spore	positive	de espora
spore	sadness	de espora
spore	surprise	espora
spore	trust	de espora
flatten	anger	flatten
flatten	anticipation	flatten
flatten	disgust	flatten
flatten	fear	flatten
flatten	joy	flatten
flatten	negative	flatten
flatten	positive	flatten
flatten	sadness	flatten
flatten	surprise	flatten
flatten	trust	flatten
curative	anger	curative
curative	anticipation	curative
curative	disgust	curative
curative	fear	curative
curative	joy	curative
curative	negative	curative
curative	positive	curative
curative	sadness	curative
curative	surprise	curative
curative	trust	curative
symbolically	anger	simbólicamente
symbolically	anticipation	simbólicamente
symbolically	disgust	simbólicamente
symbolically	fear	simbólicamente
symbolically	joy	simbólicamente
symbolically	negative	simbólicamente
symbolically	positive	simbólicamente
symbolically	sadness	simbólicamente
symbolically	surprise	simbólicamente
symbolically	trust	simbólicamente
kindred	anger	parentela
kindred	anticipation	de parentela
kindred	disgust	de parentela
kindred	fear	de parentela
kindred	joy	parentela
kindred	negative	de parentela
kindred	positive	de parentela
kindred	sadness	de parentela
kindred	surprise	parentela
kindred	trust	de parentela
expansive	anger	expansive
expansive	anticipation	expansive
expansive	disgust	expansive
expansive	fear	expansive
expansive	joy	expansive
expansive	negative	expansive
expansive	positive	expansive
expansive	sadness	expansive
expansive	surprise	expansive
expansive	trust	expansive
purple	anger	morado
purple	anticipation	morado
purple	disgust	morado
purple	fear	morado
purple	joy	morado
purple	negative	morado
purple	positive	morado
purple	sadness	morado
purple	surprise	morado
purple	trust	morado
monetary	anger	monetario
monetary	anticipation	monetario
monetary	disgust	monetario
monetary	fear	monetario
monetary	joy	monetario
monetary	negative	monetario
monetary	positive	monetario
monetary	sadness	monetario
monetary	surprise	monetario
monetary	trust	monetario
advised	anger	aconsejó
advised	anticipation	aconsejado
advised	disgust	aconsejó
advised	fear	aconsejado
advised	joy	aconsejó
advised	negative	aconsejado
advised	positive	aconsejó
advised	sadness	aconsejado
advised	surprise	aconsejó
advised	trust	juguete
toy	anger	de juguete
toy	anticipation	de juguete
toy	disgust	aconsejado
toy	fear	juguete
toy	joy	de juguete
toy	negative	de juguete
toy	positive	de juguete
toy	sadness	juguete
toy	surprise	de juguete
toy	trust	del juguete que
representing	anger	representa
representing	anticipation	representando
representing	disgust	representando
representing	fear	representando
representing	joy	representando
representing	negative	representando
representing	positive	representando
representing	sadness	representando
representing	surprise	representando
representing	trust	representando
realm	anger	reino
realm	anticipation	de reino
realm	disgust	de reino
realm	fear	de reino
realm	joy	reino
realm	negative	de reino
realm	positive	de reino
realm	sadness	de reino
realm	surprise	reino
realm	trust	de reino
vara	anger	vara
vara	anticipation	vara
vara	disgust	vara
vara	fear	vara
vara	joy	vara
vara	negative	vara
vara	positive	vara
vara	sadness	vara
vara	surprise	vara
vara	trust	vara
naval	anger	naval
naval	anticipation	naval
naval	disgust	naval
naval	fear	naval
naval	joy	naval
naval	negative	naval
naval	positive	naval
naval	sadness	transporte
naval	surprise	de transporte
naval	trust	naval
transportation	anger	naval
transportation	anticipation	naval
transportation	disgust	transporte
transportation	fear	de transporte
transportation	joy	de transporte
transportation	negative	de transporte
transportation	positive	transporte
transportation	sadness	de transporte
transportation	surprise	de transporte
transportation	trust	de transporte
poncho	anger	poncho
poncho	anticipation	de poncho
poncho	disgust	de poncho
poncho	fear	de poncho
poncho	joy	poncho
poncho	negative	de poncho
poncho	positive	de poncho
poncho	sadness	de poncho
poncho	surprise	poncho
poncho	trust	de poncho
redness	anger	redness
redness	anticipation	redness
redness	disgust	redness
redness	fear	redness
redness	joy	redness
redness	negative	redness
redness	positive	redness
redness	sadness	redness
redness	surprise	redness
redness	trust	redness
station	anger	estación
station	anticipation	de estación
station	disgust	de estación
station	fear	de estación
station	joy	estación
station	negative	de estación
station	positive	de estación
station	sadness	de estación
station	surprise	estación
station	trust	de estación
magnify	anger	aumenta
magnify	anticipation	aumentar
magnify	disgust	aumentar
magnify	fear	aumentar
magnify	joy	aumentar
magnify	negative	aumentar
magnify	positive	aumentar
magnify	sadness	aumentar
magnify	surprise	aumentar
magnify	trust	aumentar
buttery	anger	buttery
buttery	anticipation	buttery
buttery	disgust	buttery
buttery	fear	buttery
buttery	joy	buttery
buttery	negative	buttery
buttery	positive	buttery
buttery	sadness	buttery
buttery	surprise	buttery
buttery	trust	buttery
art	anger	arte
art	anticipation	de arte
art	disgust	de arte
art	fear	de arte
art	joy	arte
art	negative	de arte
art	positive	de arte
art	sadness	de arte
art	surprise	enfrentamiento
art	trust	de enfrentamiento
clash	anger	de arte
clash	anticipation	de arte
clash	disgust	enfrentamiento
clash	fear	de enfrentamiento
clash	joy	de enfrentamiento
clash	negative	de enfrentamiento
clash	positive	enfrentamiento
clash	sadness	de enfrentamiento
clash	surprise	de enfrentamiento
clash	trust	de enfrentamiento
wound	anger	herida
wound	anticipation	de herida
wound	disgust	de herida
wound	fear	de herida
wound	joy	herida
wound	negative	de herida
wound	positive	de herida
wound	sadness	de herida
wound	surprise	herida
wound	trust	de herida
roadster	anger	roadster
roadster	anticipation	roadster
roadster	disgust	roadster
roadster	fear	roadster
roadster	joy	roadster
roadster	negative	roadster
roadster	positive	roadster
roadster	sadness	roadster
roadster	surprise	roadster
roadster	trust	roadster
linen	anger	lino
linen	anticipation	de lino
linen	disgust	de lino
linen	fear	de lino
linen	joy	lino
linen	negative	de lino
linen	positive	de lino
linen	sadness	de lino
linen	surprise	sendero
linen	trust	de sendero
footpath	anger	de lino
footpath	anticipation	de lino
footpath	disgust	sendero
footpath	fear	de sendero
footpath	joy	de sendero
footpath	negative	de sendero
footpath	positive	sendero
footpath	sadness	de sendero
footpath	surprise	de sendero
footpath	trust	de sendero
ardent	anger	ardiente
ardent	anticipation	ardiente
ardent	disgust	ardiente
ardent	fear	ardiente
ardent	joy	ardiente
ardent	negative	ardiente
ardent	positive	ardiente
ardent	sadness	ardiente
ardent	surprise	ardiente
ardent	trust	ardiente
cookery	anger	cookery
cookery	anticipation	cookery
cookery	disgust	cookery
cookery	fear	cookery
cookery	joy	cookery
cookery	negative	cookery
cookery	positive	cookery
cookery	sadness	cookery
cookery	surprise	cookery
cookery	trust	cookery
effectual	anger	effectual
effectual	anticipation	effectual
effectual	disgust	effectual
effectual	fear	effectual
effectual	joy	effectual
effectual	negative	effectual
effectual	positive	effectual
effectual	sadness	effectual
effectual	surprise	effectual
effectual	trust	effectual
crediting	anger	abonando
crediting	anticipation	abonando
crediting	disgust	abonando
crediting	fear	abonando
crediting	joy	abonando
crediting	negative	abonando
crediting	positive	abonando
crediting	sadness	abonando
crediting	surprise	abonando
crediting	trust	abonando
grin	anger	grin
grin	anticipation	grin
grin	disgust	grin
grin	fear	grin
grin	joy	grin
grin	negative	grin
grin	positive	grin
grin	sadness	grin
grin	surprise	grin
grin	trust	grin
traumatic	anger	traumático
traumatic	anticipation	traumático
traumatic	disgust	traumático
traumatic	fear	traumático
traumatic	joy	traumático
traumatic	negative	traumático
traumatic	positive	traumático
traumatic	sadness	traumático
traumatic	surprise	traumático
traumatic	trust	traumático
decidedly	anger	decidedly
decidedly	anticipation	decidedly
decidedly	disgust	decidedly
decidedly	fear	decidedly
decidedly	joy	decidedly
decidedly	negative	decidedly
decidedly	positive	decidedly
decidedly	sadness	decidedly
decidedly	surprise	decidedly
decidedly	trust	decidedly
powdery	anger	powdery
powdery	anticipation	powdery
powdery	disgust	powdery
powdery	fear	powdery
powdery	joy	powdery
powdery	negative	powdery
powdery	positive	powdery
powdery	sadness	powdery
powdery	surprise	powdery
powdery	trust	powdery
lad	anger	chico
lad	anticipation	de chico
lad	disgust	de chico
lad	fear	de chico
lad	joy	chico
lad	negative	de chico
lad	positive	de chico
lad	sadness	de chico
lad	surprise	cebo
lad	trust	de cebo
bait	anger	de chico
bait	anticipation	de chico
bait	disgust	cebo
bait	fear	de cebo
bait	joy	de cebo
bait	negative	de cebo
bait	positive	cebo
bait	sadness	de cebo
bait	surprise	de cebo
bait	trust	de cebo
hypothesis	anger	hipótesis
hypothesis	anticipation	de hipótesis
hypothesis	disgust	de hipótesis
hypothesis	fear	de hipótesis
hypothesis	joy	hipótesis
hypothesis	negative	de hipótesis
hypothesis	positive	de hipótesis
hypothesis	sadness	de hipótesis
hypothesis	surprise	hipótesis
hypothesis	trust	de hipótesis
foolish	anger	tonta
foolish	anticipation	tonto
foolish	disgust	tonto
foolish	fear	tonto
foolish	joy	tonto
foolish	negative	tonto
foolish	positive	tonto
foolish	sadness	tonto
foolish	surprise	tonto
foolish	trust	tonto
molar	anger	molar
molar	anticipation	molar
molar	disgust	molar
molar	fear	molar
molar	joy	molar
molar	negative	molar
molar	positive	molar
molar	sadness	molar
molar	surprise	molar
molar	trust	molar
subsidence	anger	subsidence
subsidence	anticipation	subsidence
subsidence	disgust	subsidence
subsidence	fear	subsidence
subsidence	joy	subsidence
subsidence	negative	subsidence
subsidence	positive	subsidence
subsidence	sadness	subsidence
subsidence	surprise	subsidence
subsidence	trust	subsidence
instrumentalist	anger	instrumentista
instrumentalist	anticipation	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	disgust	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	fear	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	joy	instrumentista
instrumentalist	negative	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	positive	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	sadness	de instrumentista
instrumentalist	surprise	instrumentista
instrumentalist	trust	de instrumentista
fin	anger	fin
fin	anticipation	fin
fin	disgust	fin
fin	fear	fin
fin	joy	fin
fin	negative	fin
fin	positive	fin
fin	sadness	fin
fin	surprise	fin
fin	trust	fin
preceptor	anger	preceptor
preceptor	anticipation	preceptor
preceptor	disgust	preceptor
preceptor	fear	preceptor
preceptor	joy	preceptor
preceptor	negative	preceptor
preceptor	positive	preceptor
preceptor	sadness	preceptor
preceptor	surprise	preceptor
preceptor	trust	preceptor
inducement	anger	aliciente
inducement	anticipation	de aliciente
inducement	disgust	de aliciente
inducement	fear	de aliciente
inducement	joy	aliciente
inducement	negative	de aliciente
inducement	positive	de aliciente
inducement	sadness	de aliciente
inducement	surprise	aliciente
inducement	trust	de aliciente
fetch	anger	fetch
fetch	anticipation	fetch
fetch	disgust	fetch
fetch	fear	fetch
fetch	joy	fetch
fetch	negative	fetch
fetch	positive	fetch
fetch	sadness	fetch
fetch	surprise	fetch
fetch	trust	fetch
saloon	anger	saloon
saloon	anticipation	saloon
saloon	disgust	saloon
saloon	fear	saloon
saloon	joy	saloon
saloon	negative	saloon
saloon	positive	saloon
saloon	sadness	saloon
saloon	surprise	saloon
saloon	trust	saloon
perish	anger	perecer
perish	anticipation	perecer
perish	disgust	perecer
perish	fear	perecer
perish	joy	perecer
perish	negative	perecer
perish	positive	perecer
perish	sadness	perecer
perish	surprise	perecer
perish	trust	perecer
fractional	anger	fraccionario
fractional	anticipation	fraccionario
fractional	disgust	fraccionario
fractional	fear	fraccionario
fractional	joy	fraccionario
fractional	negative	fraccionario
fractional	positive	fraccionario
fractional	sadness	fraccionario
fractional	surprise	fraccionario
fractional	trust	fraccionario
repellent	anger	repellent
repellent	anticipation	repellent
repellent	disgust	repellent
repellent	fear	repellent
repellent	joy	repellent
repellent	negative	repellent
repellent	positive	repellent
repellent	sadness	repellent
repellent	surprise	repellent
repellent	trust	repellent
castle	anger	castillo
castle	anticipation	de castillo
castle	disgust	de castillo
castle	fear	de castillo
castle	joy	castillo
castle	negative	de castillo
castle	positive	de castillo
castle	sadness	de castillo
castle	surprise	dinamita
castle	trust	de dinamita
dynamite	anger	de castillo
dynamite	anticipation	de castillo
dynamite	disgust	dinamita
dynamite	fear	de dinamita
dynamite	joy	de dinamita
dynamite	negative	de dinamita
dynamite	positive	dinamita
dynamite	sadness	de dinamita
dynamite	surprise	de dinamita
dynamite	trust	de dinamita
seat	anger	asiento
seat	anticipation	de asiento
seat	disgust	de asiento
seat	fear	de asiento
seat	joy	asiento
seat	negative	de asiento
seat	positive	de asiento
seat	sadness	de asiento
seat	surprise	asiento
seat	trust	de asiento
resolved	anger	resolvió
resolved	anticipation	resuelto
resolved	disgust	resolvió
resolved	fear	resuelto
resolved	joy	resolvió
resolved	negative	resuelto
resolved	positive	resolvió
resolved	sadness	resuelto
resolved	surprise	resolvió
resolved	trust	resuelto
punctuality	anger	punctuality
punctuality	anticipation	punctuality
punctuality	disgust	punctuality
punctuality	fear	punctuality
punctuality	joy	punctuality
punctuality	negative	punctuality
punctuality	positive	punctuality
punctuality	sadness	punctuality
punctuality	surprise	punctuality
punctuality	trust	punctuality
glucose	anger	glucosa
glucose	anticipation	de glucosa
glucose	disgust	de glucosa
glucose	fear	de glucosa
glucose	joy	glucosa
glucose	negative	de glucosa
glucose	positive	de glucosa
glucose	sadness	de glucosa
glucose	surprise	renuncia
glucose	trust	de renuncia
renunciation	anger	de glucosa
renunciation	anticipation	de glucosa
renunciation	disgust	renuncia
renunciation	fear	de renuncia
renunciation	joy	de renuncia
renunciation	negative	de renuncia
renunciation	positive	renuncia
renunciation	sadness	de renuncia
renunciation	surprise	de renuncia
renunciation	trust	de renuncia
gear	anger	marcha
gear	anticipation	de marcha
gear	disgust	de marcha
gear	fear	de marcha
gear	joy	marcha
gear	negative	de marcha
gear	positive	de marcha
gear	sadness	de marcha
gear	surprise	aburrimiento
gear	trust	de aburrimiento
boredom	anger	de marcha
boredom	anticipation	de marcha
boredom	disgust	aburrimiento
boredom	fear	de aburrimiento
boredom	joy	de aburrimiento
boredom	negative	de aburrimiento
boredom	positive	aburrimiento
boredom	sadness	de aburrimiento
boredom	surprise	de aburrimiento
boredom	trust	de aburrimiento
starving	anger	starving
starving	anticipation	starving
starving	disgust	starving
starving	fear	starving
starving	joy	starving
starving	negative	starving
starving	positive	starving
starving	sadness	starving
starving	surprise	starving
starving	trust	starving
antiquated	anger	anticuado
antiquated	anticipation	anticuado
antiquated	disgust	anticuado
antiquated	fear	anticuado
antiquated	joy	anticuado
antiquated	negative	anticuado
antiquated	positive	anticuado
antiquated	sadness	vergüenza
antiquated	surprise	de vergüenza
antiquated	trust	anticuada
shame	anger	anticuada
shame	anticipation	anticuada
shame	disgust	vergüenza
shame	fear	de vergüenza
shame	joy	de vergüenza
shame	negative	de vergüenza
shame	positive	vergüenza
shame	sadness	de vergüenza
shame	surprise	de vergüenza
shame	trust	de vergüenza
nail	anger	uña
nail	anticipation	de uña
nail	disgust	de uña
nail	fear	de uña
nail	joy	uña
nail	negative	de uña
nail	positive	de uña
nail	sadness	de uña
nail	surprise	mausoleo
nail	trust	de mausoleo
mausoleum	anger	de uña
mausoleum	anticipation	de uña
mausoleum	disgust	mausoleo
mausoleum	fear	de mausoleo
mausoleum	joy	de mausoleo
mausoleum	negative	de mausoleo
mausoleum	positive	mausoleo
mausoleum	sadness	de mausoleo
mausoleum	surprise	de mausoleo
mausoleum	trust	de mausoleo
evident	anger	evidente
evident	anticipation	evidente
evident	disgust	evidente
evident	fear	evidente
evident	joy	evidente
evident	negative	evidente
evident	positive	evidente
evident	sadness	evidente
evident	surprise	evidente
evident	trust	evidente
examine	anger	examinar
examine	anticipation	examinar
examine	disgust	examinar
examine	fear	examinar
examine	joy	examinar
examine	negative	examinar
examine	positive	examinar
examine	sadness	examinar
examine	surprise	examinar
examine	trust	examinar
nourish	anger	nutrir
nourish	anticipation	nutrir
nourish	disgust	nutrir
nourish	fear	nutrir
nourish	joy	nutrir
nourish	negative	nutrir
nourish	positive	nutrir
nourish	sadness	nutrir
nourish	surprise	nutrir
nourish	trust	nutrir
garnish	anger	guarnecer
garnish	anticipation	guarnecer
garnish	disgust	guarnecer
garnish	fear	guarnecer
garnish	joy	guarnecer
garnish	negative	guarnecer
garnish	positive	guarnecer
garnish	sadness	guarnecer
garnish	surprise	guarnecer
garnish	trust	guarnecer
calender	anger	calender
calender	anticipation	calender
calender	disgust	calender
calender	fear	calender
calender	joy	calender
calender	negative	calender
calender	positive	calender
calender	sadness	calender
calender	surprise	calender
calender	trust	calender
eddy	anger	remolino
eddy	anticipation	de remolino
eddy	disgust	de remolino
eddy	fear	de remolino
eddy	joy	remolino
eddy	negative	de remolino
eddy	positive	de remolino
eddy	sadness	de remolino
eddy	surprise	remolino
eddy	trust	de remolino
vestibule	anger	vestibule
vestibule	anticipation	vestibule
vestibule	disgust	vestibule
vestibule	fear	vestibule
vestibule	joy	vestibule
vestibule	negative	vestibule
vestibule	positive	vestibule
vestibule	sadness	vestibule
vestibule	surprise	vestibule
vestibule	trust	vestibule
commonplace	anger	tópico
commonplace	anticipation	de tópico
commonplace	disgust	de tópico
commonplace	fear	de tópico
commonplace	joy	tópico
commonplace	negative	de tópico
commonplace	positive	de tópico
commonplace	sadness	de tópico
commonplace	surprise	tópico
commonplace	trust	de tópico
wedge	anger	wedge
wedge	anticipation	wedge
wedge	disgust	wedge
wedge	fear	wedge
wedge	joy	wedge
wedge	negative	wedge
wedge	positive	wedge
wedge	sadness	wedge
wedge	surprise	wedge
wedge	trust	wedge
wandering	anger	vagando
wandering	anticipation	vagabundo
wandering	disgust	vagabundo
wandering	fear	vagabundo
wandering	joy	vagabundo
wandering	negative	vagabundo
wandering	positive	vagabundo
wandering	sadness	resentimiento
wandering	surprise	de resentimiento
wandering	trust	vagabundo
resentment	anger	vagabundo
resentment	anticipation	vagabundo
resentment	disgust	resentimiento
resentment	fear	de resentimiento
resentment	joy	de resentimiento
resentment	negative	de resentimiento
resentment	positive	resentimiento
resentment	sadness	de resentimiento
resentment	surprise	de resentimiento
resentment	trust	de resentimiento
carousel	anger	carousel
carousel	anticipation	carousel
carousel	disgust	carousel
carousel	fear	carousel
carousel	joy	carousel
carousel	negative	carousel
carousel	positive	carousel
carousel	sadness	carousel
carousel	surprise	carousel
carousel	trust	carousel
ophthalmic	anger	oftálmico
ophthalmic	anticipation	oftálmico
ophthalmic	disgust	oftálmico
ophthalmic	fear	oftálmico
ophthalmic	joy	oftálmico
ophthalmic	negative	oftálmico
ophthalmic	positive	oftálmico
ophthalmic	sadness	severidad
ophthalmic	surprise	de severidad
ophthalmic	trust	oftálmica
severity	anger	oftálmica
severity	anticipation	oftálmica
severity	disgust	severidad
severity	fear	de severidad
severity	joy	de severidad
severity	negative	de severidad
severity	positive	severidad
severity	sadness	de severidad
severity	surprise	de severidad
severity	trust	de severidad
molasses	anger	melaza
molasses	anticipation	de melaza
molasses	disgust	de melaza
molasses	fear	de melaza
molasses	joy	melaza
molasses	negative	de melaza
molasses	positive	de melaza
molasses	sadness	de melaza
molasses	surprise	melaza
molasses	trust	de melaza
lawful	anger	lícita
lawful	anticipation	lícito
lawful	disgust	lícito
lawful	fear	lícito
lawful	joy	lícito
lawful	negative	lícito
lawful	positive	lícito
lawful	sadness	lícito
lawful	surprise	lícito
lawful	trust	lícito
lumpy	anger	lumpy
lumpy	anticipation	lumpy
lumpy	disgust	lumpy
lumpy	fear	lumpy
lumpy	joy	lumpy
lumpy	negative	lumpy
lumpy	positive	lumpy
lumpy	sadness	lumpy
lumpy	surprise	lumpy
lumpy	trust	lumpy
urgency	anger	urgencia
urgency	anticipation	de urgencia
urgency	disgust	de urgencia
urgency	fear	de urgencia
urgency	joy	urgencia
urgency	negative	de urgencia
urgency	positive	de urgencia
urgency	sadness	de urgencia
urgency	surprise	urgencia
urgency	trust	de urgencia
jackpot	anger	jackpot
jackpot	anticipation	jackpot
jackpot	disgust	jackpot
jackpot	fear	jackpot
jackpot	joy	jackpot
jackpot	negative	jackpot
jackpot	positive	jackpot
jackpot	sadness	jackpot
jackpot	surprise	jackpot
jackpot	trust	jackpot
answer	anger	respuesta
answer	anticipation	de respuesta
answer	disgust	de respuesta
answer	fear	de respuesta
answer	joy	respuesta
answer	negative	de respuesta
answer	positive	de respuesta
answer	sadness	de respuesta
answer	surprise	respuesta
answer	trust	de respuesta
dispel	anger	desvanece
dispel	anticipation	desvanecer
dispel	disgust	desvanecer
dispel	fear	desvanecer
dispel	joy	desvanecer
dispel	negative	desvanecer
dispel	positive	desvanecer
dispel	sadness	desvanecer
dispel	surprise	desvanecer
dispel	trust	desvanecer
elongation	anger	alargamiento
elongation	anticipation	de alargamiento
elongation	disgust	de alargamiento
elongation	fear	de alargamiento
elongation	joy	alargamiento
elongation	negative	de alargamiento
elongation	positive	de alargamiento
elongation	sadness	de alargamiento
elongation	surprise	alargamiento
elongation	trust	de alargamiento
unleash	anger	unleash
unleash	anticipation	unleash
unleash	disgust	unleash
unleash	fear	unleash
unleash	joy	unleash
unleash	negative	unleash
unleash	positive	unleash
unleash	sadness	unleash
unleash	surprise	unleash
unleash	trust	unleash
oil	anger	aceite
oil	anticipation	de aceite
oil	disgust	de aceite
oil	fear	de aceite
oil	joy	aceite
oil	negative	de aceite
oil	positive	de aceite
oil	sadness	de aceite
oil	surprise	aceite
oil	trust	de aceite
tempera	anger	tempera
tempera	anticipation	tempera
tempera	disgust	tempera
tempera	fear	tempera
tempera	joy	tempera
tempera	negative	tempera
tempera	positive	tempera
tempera	sadness	tempera
tempera	surprise	tempera
tempera	trust	tempera
orgasm	anger	orgasmo
orgasm	anticipation	de orgasmo
orgasm	disgust	de orgasmo
orgasm	fear	de orgasmo
orgasm	joy	orgasmo
orgasm	negative	de orgasmo
orgasm	positive	de orgasmo
orgasm	sadness	de orgasmo
orgasm	surprise	asimilación
orgasm	trust	de asimilación
assimilation	anger	de orgasmo
assimilation	anticipation	de orgasmo
assimilation	disgust	asimilación
assimilation	fear	de asimilación
assimilation	joy	de asimilación
assimilation	negative	de asimilación
assimilation	positive	asimilación
assimilation	sadness	de asimilación
assimilation	surprise	de asimilación
assimilation	trust	de asimilación
botany	anger	botany
botany	anticipation	botany
botany	disgust	botany
botany	fear	botany
botany	joy	botany
botany	negative	botany
botany	positive	botany
botany	sadness	botany
botany	surprise	botany
botany	trust	botany
saucepan	anger	saucepan
saucepan	anticipation	saucepan
saucepan	disgust	saucepan
saucepan	fear	saucepan
saucepan	joy	saucepan
saucepan	negative	saucepan
saucepan	positive	saucepan
saucepan	sadness	saucepan
saucepan	surprise	saucepan
saucepan	trust	saucepan
antithesis	anger	antítesis
antithesis	anticipation	de antítesis
antithesis	disgust	de antítesis
antithesis	fear	de antítesis
antithesis	joy	antítesis
antithesis	negative	de antítesis
antithesis	positive	de antítesis
antithesis	sadness	de antítesis
antithesis	surprise	distancia
antithesis	trust	de distancia
distance	anger	de antítesis
distance	anticipation	de antítesis
distance	disgust	distancia
distance	fear	de distancia
distance	joy	de distancia
distance	negative	de distancia
distance	positive	distancia
distance	sadness	de distancia
distance	surprise	de distancia
distance	trust	de distancia
appoint	anger	nombra
appoint	anticipation	nombrar
appoint	disgust	nombrar
appoint	fear	nombrar
appoint	joy	nombrar
appoint	negative	nombrar
appoint	positive	nombrar
appoint	sadness	nombrar
appoint	surprise	nombrar
appoint	trust	nombrar
contents	anger	los contenidos
contents	anticipation	contenta
contents	disgust	los contenidos
contents	fear	contenta
contents	joy	los contenidos
contents	negative	contenta
contents	positive	los contenidos
contents	sadness	contenta
contents	surprise	los contenidos
contents	trust	contenta
slim	anger	esbeltos
slim	anticipation	esbeltos
slim	disgust	esbeltos
slim	fear	esbeltos
slim	joy	esbeltos
slim	negative	esbeltos
slim	positive	esbeltos
slim	sadness	esbeltos
slim	surprise	esbeltos
slim	trust	esbeltos
deceased	anger	difuntos
deceased	anticipation	difuntos
deceased	disgust	difuntos
deceased	fear	difuntos
deceased	joy	difuntos
deceased	negative	difuntos
deceased	positive	difuntos
deceased	sadness	difuntos
deceased	surprise	difuntos
deceased	trust	difuntos
endurance	anger	endurance
endurance	anticipation	endurance
endurance	disgust	endurance
endurance	fear	endurance
endurance	joy	endurance
endurance	negative	endurance
endurance	positive	endurance
endurance	sadness	endurance
endurance	surprise	endurance
endurance	trust	endurance
subordinate	anger	subordinar
subordinate	anticipation	subordinar
subordinate	disgust	subordinar
subordinate	fear	subordinar
subordinate	joy	subordinar
subordinate	negative	subordinar
subordinate	positive	subordinar
subordinate	sadness	subordinar
subordinate	surprise	subordinar
subordinate	trust	subordinar
hulk	anger	hulk
hulk	anticipation	hulk
hulk	disgust	hulk
hulk	fear	hulk
hulk	joy	hulk
hulk	negative	hulk
hulk	positive	hulk
hulk	sadness	hulk
hulk	surprise	hulk
hulk	trust	hulk
barbarian	anger	bárbaro
barbarian	anticipation	bárbaro
barbarian	disgust	bárbaro
barbarian	fear	bárbaro
barbarian	joy	bárbaro
barbarian	negative	bárbaro
barbarian	positive	bárbaro
barbarian	sadness	bárbaro
barbarian	surprise	bárbaro
barbarian	trust	bárbaro
retrograde	anger	retrógrado
retrograde	anticipation	retrógrado
retrograde	disgust	retrógrado
retrograde	fear	retrógrado
retrograde	joy	retrógrado
retrograde	negative	retrógrado
retrograde	positive	retrógrado
retrograde	sadness	civilización
retrograde	surprise	de civilización
retrograde	trust	retrógrada
civilization	anger	retrógrada
civilization	anticipation	retrógrada
civilization	disgust	civilización
civilization	fear	de civilización
civilization	joy	de civilización
civilization	negative	de civilización
civilization	positive	civilización
civilization	sadness	de civilización
civilization	surprise	de civilización
civilization	trust	de civilización
commemoration	anger	conmemoración
commemoration	anticipation	de conmemoración
commemoration	disgust	de conmemoración
commemoration	fear	de conmemoración
commemoration	joy	conmemoración
commemoration	negative	de conmemoración
commemoration	positive	de conmemoración
commemoration	sadness	de conmemoración
commemoration	surprise	conmemoración
commemoration	trust	de conmemoración
corset	anger	corset
corset	anticipation	corset
corset	disgust	corset
corset	fear	corset
corset	joy	corset
corset	negative	corset
corset	positive	corset
corset	sadness	corset
corset	surprise	corset
corset	trust	corset
arduous	anger	arduo
arduous	anticipation	arduo
arduous	disgust	arduo
arduous	fear	arduo
arduous	joy	arduo
arduous	negative	arduo
arduous	positive	arduo
arduous	sadness	arduo
arduous	surprise	arduo
arduous	trust	arduo
malevolent	anger	malévolo
malevolent	anticipation	malévolo
malevolent	disgust	malévolo
malevolent	fear	malévolo
malevolent	joy	malévolo
malevolent	negative	malévolo
malevolent	positive	malévolo
malevolent	sadness	granja
malevolent	surprise	de granja
malevolent	trust	malévola
farm	anger	malévola
farm	anticipation	malévola
farm	disgust	granja
farm	fear	de granja
farm	joy	de granja
farm	negative	de granja
farm	positive	granja
farm	sadness	de granja
farm	surprise	de granja
farm	trust	de granja
saffron	anger	saffron
saffron	anticipation	saffron
saffron	disgust	saffron
saffron	fear	saffron
saffron	joy	saffron
saffron	negative	saffron
saffron	positive	saffron
saffron	sadness	saffron
saffron	surprise	saffron
saffron	trust	saffron
painfully	anger	dolorosamente
painfully	anticipation	dolorosamente
painfully	disgust	dolorosamente
painfully	fear	dolorosamente
painfully	joy	dolorosamente
painfully	negative	dolorosamente
painfully	positive	dolorosamente
painfully	sadness	dolorosamente
painfully	surprise	dolorosamente
painfully	trust	dolorosamente
guild	anger	gremio
guild	anticipation	de gremio
guild	disgust	de gremio
guild	fear	de gremio
guild	joy	gremio
guild	negative	de gremio
guild	positive	de gremio
guild	sadness	de gremio
guild	surprise	gremio
guild	trust	de gremio
spinster	anger	spinster
spinster	anticipation	spinster
spinster	disgust	spinster
spinster	fear	spinster
spinster	joy	spinster
spinster	negative	spinster
spinster	positive	spinster
spinster	sadness	spinster
spinster	surprise	spinster
spinster	trust	spinster
budge	anger	budge
budge	anticipation	budge
budge	disgust	budge
budge	fear	budge
budge	joy	budge
budge	negative	budge
budge	positive	budge
budge	sadness	budge
budge	surprise	budge
budge	trust	budge
depressive	anger	depressive
depressive	anticipation	depressive
depressive	disgust	depressive
depressive	fear	depressive
depressive	joy	depressive
depressive	negative	depressive
depressive	positive	depressive
depressive	sadness	depressive
depressive	surprise	depressive
depressive	trust	depressive
supersede	anger	supersede
supersede	anticipation	supersede
supersede	disgust	supersede
supersede	fear	supersede
supersede	joy	supersede
supersede	negative	supersede
supersede	positive	supersede
supersede	sadness	supersede
supersede	surprise	supersede
supersede	trust	supersede
speaker	anger	hablante
speaker	anticipation	de hablante
speaker	disgust	de hablante
speaker	fear	de hablante
speaker	joy	hablante
speaker	negative	de hablante
speaker	positive	de hablante
speaker	sadness	de hablante
speaker	surprise	hablante
speaker	trust	de hablante
successive	anger	sucesivo
successive	anticipation	sucesivo
successive	disgust	sucesivo
successive	fear	sucesivo
successive	joy	sucesivo
successive	negative	sucesivo
successive	positive	sucesivo
successive	sadness	derrota
successive	surprise	de derrota
successive	trust	sucesiva
defeat	anger	sucesiva
defeat	anticipation	sucesiva
defeat	disgust	derrota
defeat	fear	de derrota
defeat	joy	de derrota
defeat	negative	de derrota
defeat	positive	derrota
defeat	sadness	de derrota
defeat	surprise	de derrota
defeat	trust	de derrota
channel	anger	canal
channel	anticipation	de canal
channel	disgust	de canal
channel	fear	de canal
channel	joy	canal
channel	negative	de canal
channel	positive	de canal
channel	sadness	de canal
channel	surprise	colección
channel	trust	de colección
collection	anger	de canal
collection	anticipation	de canal
collection	disgust	colección
collection	fear	de colección
collection	joy	de colección
collection	negative	de colección
collection	positive	colección
collection	sadness	de colección
collection	surprise	de colección
collection	trust	de colección
distress	anger	aflicción
distress	anticipation	de aflicción
distress	disgust	de aflicción
distress	fear	de aflicción
distress	joy	aflicción
distress	negative	de aflicción
distress	positive	de aflicción
distress	sadness	de aflicción
distress	surprise	aflicción
distress	trust	de aflicción
hog	anger	hog
hog	anticipation	hog
hog	disgust	hog
hog	fear	hog
hog	joy	hog
hog	negative	hog
hog	positive	hog
hog	sadness	hog
hog	surprise	hog
hog	trust	hog
face	anger	cara
face	anticipation	de cara
face	disgust	de cara
face	fear	de cara
face	joy	cara
face	negative	de cara
face	positive	de cara
face	sadness	de cara
face	surprise	cohete
face	trust	de cohete
rocket	anger	de cara
rocket	anticipation	de cara
rocket	disgust	cohete
rocket	fear	de cohete
rocket	joy	de cohete
rocket	negative	de cohete
rocket	positive	cohete
rocket	sadness	de cohete
rocket	surprise	de cohete
rocket	trust	de cohete
stationary	anger	stationary
stationary	anticipation	stationary
stationary	disgust	stationary
stationary	fear	stationary
stationary	joy	stationary
stationary	negative	stationary
stationary	positive	stationary
stationary	sadness	stationary
stationary	surprise	stationary
stationary	trust	stationary
pliers	anger	pliers
pliers	anticipation	pliers
pliers	disgust	pliers
pliers	fear	pliers
pliers	joy	pliers
pliers	negative	pliers
pliers	positive	pliers
pliers	sadness	pliers
pliers	surprise	pliers
pliers	trust	pliers
compo	anger	compo
compo	anticipation	compo
compo	disgust	compo
compo	fear	compo
compo	joy	compo
compo	negative	compo
compo	positive	compo
compo	sadness	compo
compo	surprise	compo
compo	trust	compo
salute	anger	salute
salute	anticipation	salute
salute	disgust	salute
salute	fear	salute
salute	joy	salute
salute	negative	salute
salute	positive	salute
salute	sadness	salute
salute	surprise	salute
salute	trust	salute
fresco	anger	fresco
fresco	anticipation	de fresco
fresco	disgust	de fresco
fresco	fear	de fresco
fresco	joy	fresco
fresco	negative	de fresco
fresco	positive	de fresco
fresco	sadness	de fresco
fresco	surprise	fresco
fresco	trust	de fresco
finale	anger	finale
finale	anticipation	finale
finale	disgust	finale
finale	fear	finale
finale	joy	finale
finale	negative	finale
finale	positive	finale
finale	sadness	finale
finale	surprise	finale
finale	trust	finale
decent	anger	decente
decent	anticipation	decente
decent	disgust	decente
decent	fear	decente
decent	joy	decente
decent	negative	decente
decent	positive	decente
decent	sadness	razonamiento
decent	surprise	de razonamiento
decent	trust	decente
reasoning	anger	decente
reasoning	anticipation	decente
reasoning	disgust	razonamiento
reasoning	fear	de razonamiento
reasoning	joy	de razonamiento
reasoning	negative	de razonamiento
reasoning	positive	razonamiento
reasoning	sadness	de razonamiento
reasoning	surprise	de razonamiento
reasoning	trust	de razonamiento
binocular	anger	binocular
binocular	anticipation	binocular
binocular	disgust	binocular
binocular	fear	binocular
binocular	joy	binocular
binocular	negative	binocular
binocular	positive	binocular
binocular	sadness	binocular
binocular	surprise	binocular
binocular	trust	binocular
murky	anger	murky
murky	anticipation	murky
murky	disgust	murky
murky	fear	murky
murky	joy	murky
murky	negative	murky
murky	positive	murky
murky	sadness	murky
murky	surprise	murky
murky	trust	murky
cuttings	anger	cuttings
cuttings	anticipation	cuttings
cuttings	disgust	cuttings
cuttings	fear	cuttings
cuttings	joy	cuttings
cuttings	negative	cuttings
cuttings	positive	cuttings
cuttings	sadness	cuttings
cuttings	surprise	cuttings
cuttings	trust	cuttings
movement	anger	movimiento
movement	anticipation	de movimiento
movement	disgust	de movimiento
movement	fear	de movimiento
movement	joy	movimiento
movement	negative	de movimiento
movement	positive	de movimiento
movement	sadness	de movimiento
movement	surprise	facilidad
movement	trust	de facilidad
ease	anger	de movimiento
ease	anticipation	de movimiento
ease	disgust	facilidad
ease	fear	de facilidad
ease	joy	de facilidad
ease	negative	de facilidad
ease	positive	facilidad
ease	sadness	de facilidad
ease	surprise	de facilidad
ease	trust	de facilidad
prescription	anger	prescripción
prescription	anticipation	de prescripción
prescription	disgust	de prescripción
prescription	fear	de prescripción
prescription	joy	prescripción
prescription	negative	de prescripción
prescription	positive	de prescripción
prescription	sadness	de prescripción
prescription	surprise	tapón
prescription	trust	de tapón
plug	anger	de prescripción
plug	anticipation	de prescripción
plug	disgust	tapón
plug	fear	de tapón
plug	joy	de tapón
plug	negative	de tapón
plug	positive	tapón
plug	sadness	de tapón
plug	surprise	de tapón
plug	trust	de tapón
modulation	anger	modulación
modulation	anticipation	de modulación
modulation	disgust	de modulación
modulation	fear	de modulación
modulation	joy	modulación
modulation	negative	de modulación
modulation	positive	de modulación
modulation	sadness	de modulación
modulation	surprise	modulación
modulation	trust	de modulación
large	anger	grande
large	anticipation	grande
large	disgust	grande
large	fear	grande
large	joy	grande
large	negative	grande
large	positive	grande
large	sadness	variaciones
large	surprise	de variaciones
large	trust	grandes
variations	anger	grandes
variations	anticipation	grandes
variations	disgust	variaciones
variations	fear	de variaciones
variations	joy	de variaciones
variations	negative	de variaciones
variations	positive	variaciones
variations	sadness	de variaciones
variations	surprise	de variaciones
variations	trust	de variaciones
proceed	anger	proceden
proceed	anticipation	proceder
proceed	disgust	proceder
proceed	fear	proceder
proceed	joy	proceder
proceed	negative	proceder
proceed	positive	proceder
proceed	sadness	proceder
proceed	surprise	proceder
proceed	trust	proceder
dwarf	anger	enano
dwarf	anticipation	de enano
dwarf	disgust	de enano
dwarf	fear	de enano
dwarf	joy	enano
dwarf	negative	de enano
dwarf	positive	de enano
dwarf	sadness	de enano
dwarf	surprise	cinturón
dwarf	trust	de cinturón
belt	anger	de enano
belt	anticipation	de enano
belt	disgust	cinturón
belt	fear	de cinturón
belt	joy	de cinturón
belt	negative	de cinturón
belt	positive	cinturón
belt	sadness	de cinturón
belt	surprise	de cinturón
belt	trust	de cinturón
ambition	anger	ambición
ambition	anticipation	de ambición
ambition	disgust	de ambición
ambition	fear	de ambición
ambition	joy	ambición
ambition	negative	de ambición
ambition	positive	de ambición
ambition	sadness	de ambición
ambition	surprise	ambición
ambition	trust	de ambición
literally	anger	literalmente
literally	anticipation	literalmente
literally	disgust	literalmente
literally	fear	literalmente
literally	joy	literalmente
literally	negative	literalmente
literally	positive	literalmente
literally	sadness	literalmente
literally	surprise	literalmente
literally	trust	literalmente
insignificance	anger	insignificance
insignificance	anticipation	insignificance
insignificance	disgust	insignificance
insignificance	fear	insignificance
insignificance	joy	insignificance
insignificance	negative	insignificance
insignificance	positive	insignificance
insignificance	sadness	insignificance
insignificance	surprise	insignificance
insignificance	trust	insignificance
gauntlet	anger	gauntlet
gauntlet	anticipation	gauntlet
gauntlet	disgust	gauntlet
gauntlet	fear	gauntlet
gauntlet	joy	gauntlet
gauntlet	negative	gauntlet
gauntlet	positive	gauntlet
gauntlet	sadness	gauntlet
gauntlet	surprise	gauntlet
gauntlet	trust	gauntlet
subtype	anger	subtype
subtype	anticipation	subtype
subtype	disgust	subtype
subtype	fear	subtype
subtype	joy	subtype
subtype	negative	subtype
subtype	positive	subtype
subtype	sadness	subtype
subtype	surprise	subtype
subtype	trust	subtype
attempt	anger	intento
attempt	anticipation	de intento
attempt	disgust	de intento
attempt	fear	de intento
attempt	joy	intento
attempt	negative	de intento
attempt	positive	de intento
attempt	sadness	de intento
attempt	surprise	risa
attempt	trust	de risa
laughter	anger	de intento
laughter	anticipation	de intento
laughter	disgust	risa
laughter	fear	de risa
laughter	joy	de risa
laughter	negative	de risa
laughter	positive	risa
laughter	sadness	de risa
laughter	surprise	de risa
laughter	trust	de risa
violent	anger	violenta
violent	anticipation	violento
violent	disgust	violento
violent	fear	violento
violent	joy	violento
violent	negative	violento
violent	positive	violento
violent	sadness	rock
violent	surprise	de rock
violent	trust	violento
rock	anger	violento
rock	anticipation	violento
rock	disgust	rock
rock	fear	de rock
rock	joy	de rock
rock	negative	de rock
rock	positive	rock
rock	sadness	de rock
rock	surprise	de rock
rock	trust	de rock
manners	anger	maneras
manners	anticipation	de maneras
manners	disgust	de maneras
manners	fear	de maneras
manners	joy	maneras
manners	negative	de maneras
manners	positive	de maneras
manners	sadness	de maneras
manners	surprise	maneras
manners	trust	de maneras
bridal	anger	bridal
bridal	anticipation	bridal
bridal	disgust	bridal
bridal	fear	bridal
bridal	joy	bridal
bridal	negative	bridal
bridal	positive	bridal
bridal	sadness	bridal
bridal	surprise	bridal
bridal	trust	bridal
creature	anger	criatura
creature	anticipation	de criatura
creature	disgust	de criatura
creature	fear	de criatura
creature	joy	criatura
creature	negative	de criatura
creature	positive	de criatura
creature	sadness	de criatura
creature	surprise	criatura
creature	trust	de criatura
sonorous	anger	sonorous
sonorous	anticipation	sonorous
sonorous	disgust	sonorous
sonorous	fear	sonorous
sonorous	joy	sonorous
sonorous	negative	sonorous
sonorous	positive	sonorous
sonorous	sadness	sonorous
sonorous	surprise	sonorous
sonorous	trust	sonorous
luxury	anger	lujo
luxury	anticipation	de lujo
luxury	disgust	de lujo
luxury	fear	de lujo
luxury	joy	lujo
luxury	negative	de lujo
luxury	positive	de lujo
luxury	sadness	de lujo
luxury	surprise	leyenda
luxury	trust	de leyenda
legend	anger	de lujo
legend	anticipation	de lujo
legend	disgust	leyenda
legend	fear	de leyenda
legend	joy	de leyenda
legend	negative	de leyenda
legend	positive	leyenda
legend	sadness	de leyenda
legend	surprise	de leyenda
legend	trust	de leyenda
grand	anger	magnífica
grand	anticipation	magnífico
grand	disgust	magnífico
grand	fear	magnífico
grand	joy	magnífico
grand	negative	magnífico
grand	positive	magnífico
grand	sadness	magnífico
grand	surprise	magnífico
grand	trust	magnífico
puts	anger	pone
puts	anticipation	pone
puts	disgust	pone
puts	fear	pone
puts	joy	pone
puts	negative	pone
puts	positive	pone
puts	sadness	pone
puts	surprise	pone
puts	trust	pone
bulk	anger	bulk
bulk	anticipation	
bulk	disgust	bulk
bulk	fear	bulk
bulk	joy	bulk
bulk	negative	bulk
bulk	positive	bulk
bulk	sadness	bulk
bulk	surprise	bulk
bulk	trust	bulk
reverend	anger	bulk
reverend	anticipation	reverendo reverendo
reverend	disgust	reverendo
reverend	fear	reverendo
reverend	joy	reverendo
reverend	negative	reverendo
reverend	positive	reverendo
reverend	sadness	antimonio
reverend	surprise	de antimonio
reverend	trust	reverendo
antimony	anger	reverendo
antimony	anticipation	reverendo
antimony	disgust	antimonio
antimony	fear	de antimonio
antimony	joy	de antimonio
antimony	negative	de antimonio
antimony	positive	antimonio
antimony	sadness	de antimonio
antimony	surprise	de antimonio
antimony	trust	de antimonio
acquire	anger	adquiere
acquire	anticipation	adquirir
acquire	disgust	adquirir
acquire	fear	adquirir
acquire	joy	adquirir
acquire	negative	adquirir
acquire	positive	adquirir
acquire	sadness	adquirir
acquire	surprise	adquirir
acquire	trust	adquirir
corroborate	anger	corroborar
corroborate	anticipation	corroborar
corroborate	disgust	corroborar
corroborate	fear	corroborar
corroborate	joy	corroborar
corroborate	negative	corroborar
corroborate	positive	corroborar
corroborate	sadness	corroborar
corroborate	surprise	corroborar
corroborate	trust	corroborar
treatment	anger	tratamiento
treatment	anticipation	de tratamiento
treatment	disgust	de tratamiento
treatment	fear	de tratamiento
treatment	joy	tratamiento
treatment	negative	de tratamiento
treatment	positive	de tratamiento
treatment	sadness	de tratamiento
treatment	surprise	tratamiento
treatment	trust	de tratamiento
militant	anger	militante
militant	anticipation	militante
militant	disgust	militante
militant	fear	militante
militant	joy	militante
militant	negative	militante
militant	positive	militante
militant	sadness	militante
militant	surprise	militante
militant	trust	militante
mire	anger	mire
mire	anticipation	mire
mire	disgust	mire
mire	fear	mire
mire	joy	mire
mire	negative	mire
mire	positive	mire
mire	sadness	mire
mire	surprise	mire
mire	trust	mire
flowery	anger	florecido
flowery	anticipation	florecido
flowery	disgust	florecido
flowery	fear	florecido
flowery	joy	florecido
flowery	negative	florecido
flowery	positive	florecido
flowery	sadness	florecido
flowery	surprise	florecido
flowery	trust	florecido
excel	anger	excel
excel	anticipation	excel
excel	disgust	excel
excel	fear	excel
excel	joy	excel
excel	negative	excel
excel	positive	excel
excel	sadness	excel
excel	surprise	excel
excel	trust	excel
tractable	anger	tractable
tractable	anticipation	tractable
tractable	disgust	tractable
tractable	fear	tractable
tractable	joy	tractable
tractable	negative	tractable
tractable	positive	tractable
tractable	sadness	tractable
tractable	surprise	tractable
tractable	trust	tractable
keynote	anger	keynote
keynote	anticipation	keynote
keynote	disgust	keynote
keynote	fear	keynote
keynote	joy	keynote
keynote	negative	keynote
keynote	positive	keynote
keynote	sadness	keynote
keynote	surprise	keynote
keynote	trust	keynote
spirituality	anger	espiritualidad
spirituality	anticipation	de espiritualidad
spirituality	disgust	de espiritualidad
spirituality	fear	de espiritualidad
spirituality	joy	espiritualidad
spirituality	negative	de espiritualidad
spirituality	positive	de espiritualidad
spirituality	sadness	de espiritualidad
spirituality	surprise	emblema
spirituality	trust	de emblema
emblem	anger	de espiritualidad
emblem	anticipation	de espiritualidad
emblem	disgust	emblema
emblem	fear	de emblema
emblem	joy	de emblema
emblem	negative	de emblema
emblem	positive	emblema
emblem	sadness	de emblema
emblem	surprise	de emblema
emblem	trust	de emblema
helm	anger	helm
helm	anticipation	helm
helm	disgust	helm
helm	fear	helm
helm	joy	helm
helm	negative	helm
helm	positive	helm
helm	sadness	helm
helm	surprise	helm
helm	trust	helm
picketing	anger	picketing
picketing	anticipation	picketing
picketing	disgust	picketing
picketing	fear	picketing
picketing	joy	picketing
picketing	negative	picketing
picketing	positive	picketing
picketing	sadness	picketing
picketing	surprise	picketing
picketing	trust	picketing
farming	anger	cultivando
farming	anticipation	agricultura
farming	disgust	de agricultura
farming	fear	de agricultura
farming	joy	de agricultura
farming	negative	agricultura
farming	positive	de agricultura
farming	sadness	de agricultura
farming	surprise	de agricultura que
farming	trust	cultiva
bones	anger	huesos
bones	anticipation	de huesos
bones	disgust	de huesos
bones	fear	de huesos
bones	joy	huesos
bones	negative	de huesos
bones	positive	de huesos
bones	sadness	de huesos
bones	surprise	huesos
bones	trust	de huesos
transitional	anger	transitional
transitional	anticipation	transitional
transitional	disgust	transitional
transitional	fear	transitional
transitional	joy	transitional
transitional	negative	transitional
transitional	positive	transitional
transitional	sadness	transitional
transitional	surprise	transitional
transitional	trust	transitional
condemnation	anger	condemnation
condemnation	anticipation	condemnation
condemnation	disgust	condemnation
condemnation	fear	condemnation
condemnation	joy	condemnation
condemnation	negative	condemnation
condemnation	positive	condemnation
condemnation	sadness	condemnation
condemnation	surprise	condemnation
condemnation	trust	condemnation
abroad	anger	en el extranjero
abroad	anticipation	en el extranjero
abroad	disgust	en el extranjero
abroad	fear	en el extranjero
abroad	joy	en el extranjero
abroad	negative	en el extranjero
abroad	positive	en el extranjero
abroad	sadness	en el extranjero
abroad	surprise	en el extranjero
abroad	trust	en el extranjero
injure	anger	herir
injure	anticipation	herir
injure	disgust	herir
injure	fear	herir
injure	joy	herir
injure	negative	herir
injure	positive	herir
injure	sadness	herir
injure	surprise	herir
injure	trust	herir
prudent	anger	prudent
prudent	anticipation	prudent
prudent	disgust	prudent
prudent	fear	prudent
prudent	joy	prudent
prudent	negative	prudent
prudent	positive	prudent
prudent	sadness	prudent
prudent	surprise	prudent
prudent	trust	prudent
unrestrained	anger	unrestrained
unrestrained	anticipation	unrestrained
unrestrained	disgust	unrestrained
unrestrained	fear	unrestrained
unrestrained	joy	unrestrained
unrestrained	negative	unrestrained
unrestrained	positive	unrestrained
unrestrained	sadness	unrestrained
unrestrained	surprise	unrestrained
unrestrained	trust	unrestrained
long	anger	mucho tiempo
long	anticipation	mucho tiempo
long	disgust	mucho tiempo
long	fear	mucho tiempo
long	joy	mucho tiempo
long	negative	mucho tiempo
long	positive	mucho tiempo
long	sadness	mucho tiempo
long	surprise	mucho tiempo
long	trust	arzobispo
archbishop	anger	de arzobispo
archbishop	anticipation	de arzobispo
archbishop	disgust	largo
archbishop	fear	arzobispo
archbishop	joy	de arzobispo
archbishop	negative	de arzobispo
archbishop	positive	de arzobispo
archbishop	sadness	arzobispo
archbishop	surprise	de arzobispo
archbishop	trust	del arzobispo
dispassionate	anger	dispassionate
dispassionate	anticipation	dispassionate
dispassionate	disgust	dispassionate
dispassionate	fear	dispassionate
dispassionate	joy	dispassionate
dispassionate	negative	dispassionate
dispassionate	positive	dispassionate
dispassionate	sadness	dispassionate
dispassionate	surprise	dispassionate
dispassionate	trust	dispassionate
credit	anger	crédito
credit	anticipation	de crédito
credit	disgust	de crédito
credit	fear	de crédito
credit	joy	crédito
credit	negative	de crédito
credit	positive	de crédito
credit	sadness	de crédito
credit	surprise	crédito
credit	trust	de crédito
orphan	anger	huérfano
orphan	anticipation	huérfano
orphan	disgust	huérfano
orphan	fear	huérfano
orphan	joy	huérfano
orphan	negative	huérfano
orphan	positive	huérfano
orphan	sadness	huérfano
orphan	surprise	huérfano
orphan	trust	huérfano
scanty	anger	scanty
scanty	anticipation	scanty
scanty	disgust	scanty
scanty	fear	scanty
scanty	joy	scanty
scanty	negative	scanty
scanty	positive	scanty
scanty	sadness	scanty
scanty	surprise	scanty
scanty	trust	scanty
rejuvenated	anger	rejuveneció
rejuvenated	anticipation	rejuvenecido
rejuvenated	disgust	rejuveneció
rejuvenated	fear	rejuvenecido
rejuvenated	joy	rejuveneció
rejuvenated	negative	rejuvenecido
rejuvenated	positive	rejuveneció
rejuvenated	sadness	rejuvenecido
rejuvenated	surprise	rejuveneció
rejuvenated	trust	rejuvenecido
trembling	anger	tembloroso
trembling	anticipation	tembloroso
trembling	disgust	tembloroso
trembling	fear	tembloroso
trembling	joy	tembloroso
trembling	negative	tembloroso
trembling	positive	tembloroso
trembling	sadness	conejo
trembling	surprise	de conejo
trembling	trust	tembloroso
rabbit	anger	tembloroso
rabbit	anticipation	tembloroso
rabbit	disgust	conejo
rabbit	fear	de conejo
rabbit	joy	de conejo
rabbit	negative	de conejo
rabbit	positive	conejo
rabbit	sadness	de conejo
rabbit	surprise	de conejo
rabbit	trust	de conejo
reagent	anger	reactivo
reagent	anticipation	de reactivo
reagent	disgust	de reactivo
reagent	fear	de reactivo
reagent	joy	reactivo
reagent	negative	de reactivo
reagent	positive	de reactivo
reagent	sadness	de reactivo
reagent	surprise	medida
reagent	trust	de medida
measure	anger	de reactivo
measure	anticipation	de reactivo
measure	disgust	medida
measure	fear	de medida
measure	joy	de medida
measure	negative	de medida
measure	positive	medida
measure	sadness	de medida
measure	surprise	de medida
measure	trust	de medida
repetition	anger	repetición
repetition	anticipation	de repetición
repetition	disgust	de repetición
repetition	fear	de repetición
repetition	joy	repetición
repetition	negative	de repetición
repetition	positive	de repetición
repetition	sadness	de repetición
repetition	surprise	repetición
repetition	trust	de repetición
initial	anger	inicial
initial	anticipation	inicial
initial	disgust	inicial
initial	fear	inicial
initial	joy	inicial
initial	negative	inicial
initial	positive	inicial
initial	sadness	fenómeno
initial	surprise	de fenómeno
initial	trust	inicial
phenomenon	anger	inicial
phenomenon	anticipation	inicial
phenomenon	disgust	fenómeno
phenomenon	fear	de fenómeno
phenomenon	joy	de fenómeno
phenomenon	negative	de fenómeno
phenomenon	positive	fenómeno
phenomenon	sadness	de fenómeno
phenomenon	surprise	de fenómeno
phenomenon	trust	de fenómeno
chestnut	anger	chestnut
chestnut	anticipation	
chestnut	disgust	chestnut
chestnut	fear	chestnut
chestnut	joy	chestnut
chestnut	negative	chestnut
chestnut	positive	chestnut
chestnut	sadness	chestnut
chestnut	surprise	chestnut
chestnut	trust	chestnut
correctness	anger	chestnut
correctness	anticipation	correctness correctness
correctness	disgust	correctness
correctness	fear	correctness
correctness	joy	correctness
correctness	negative	correctness
correctness	positive	correctness
correctness	sadness	correctness
correctness	surprise	correctness
correctness	trust	correctness
deform	anger	deformar
deform	anticipation	deformar
deform	disgust	deformar
deform	fear	deformar
deform	joy	deformar
deform	negative	deformar
deform	positive	deformar
deform	sadness	deformar
deform	surprise	deformar
deform	trust	deformar
fuss	anger	descalabro
fuss	anticipation	de descalabro
fuss	disgust	de descalabro
fuss	fear	de descalabro
fuss	joy	descalabro
fuss	negative	de descalabro
fuss	positive	de descalabro
fuss	sadness	de descalabro
fuss	surprise	congreso
fuss	trust	de congreso
congress	anger	de descalabro
congress	anticipation	de descalabro
congress	disgust	congreso
congress	fear	de congreso
congress	joy	de congreso
congress	negative	de congreso
congress	positive	congreso
congress	sadness	de congreso
congress	surprise	de congreso
congress	trust	de congreso
tilt	anger	tilt
tilt	anticipation	tilt
tilt	disgust	tilt
tilt	fear	tilt
tilt	joy	tilt
tilt	negative	tilt
tilt	positive	tilt
tilt	sadness	tilt
tilt	surprise	tilt
tilt	trust	tilt
acrobat	anger	acróbata
acrobat	anticipation	de acróbata
acrobat	disgust	de acróbata
acrobat	fear	de acróbata
acrobat	joy	acróbata
acrobat	negative	de acróbata
acrobat	positive	de acróbata
acrobat	sadness	de acróbata
acrobat	surprise	acróbata
acrobat	trust	de acróbata
unsurpassed	anger	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	anticipation	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	disgust	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	fear	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	joy	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	negative	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	positive	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	sadness	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	surprise	unsurpassed
unsurpassed	trust	unsurpassed
disbursement	anger	disbursement
disbursement	anticipation	disbursement
disbursement	disgust	disbursement
disbursement	fear	disbursement
disbursement	joy	disbursement
disbursement	negative	disbursement
disbursement	positive	disbursement
disbursement	sadness	disbursement
disbursement	surprise	disbursement
disbursement	trust	disbursement
category	anger	categoría
category	anticipation	de categoría
category	disgust	de categoría
category	fear	de categoría
category	joy	categoría
category	negative	de categoría
category	positive	de categoría
category	sadness	de categoría
category	surprise	categoría
category	trust	de categoría
shove	anger	shove
shove	anticipation	shove
shove	disgust	shove
shove	fear	shove
shove	joy	shove
shove	negative	shove
shove	positive	shove
shove	sadness	shove
shove	surprise	shove
shove	trust	shove
peculiarity	anger	peculiaridad
peculiarity	anticipation	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	disgust	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	fear	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	joy	peculiaridad
peculiarity	negative	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	positive	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	sadness	de peculiaridad
peculiarity	surprise	peculiaridad
peculiarity	trust	de peculiaridad
expect	anger	espera
expect	anticipation	esperar
expect	disgust	esperar
expect	fear	esperar
expect	joy	esperar
expect	negative	esperar
expect	positive	esperar
expect	sadness	esperar
expect	surprise	esperar
expect	trust	esperar
central	anger	central
central	anticipation	central
central	disgust	central
central	fear	central
central	joy	central
central	negative	central
central	positive	central
central	sadness	ideología
central	surprise	de ideología
central	trust	central
ideology	anger	central
ideology	anticipation	central
ideology	disgust	ideología
ideology	fear	de ideología
ideology	joy	de ideología
ideology	negative	de ideología
ideology	positive	ideología
ideology	sadness	de ideología
ideology	surprise	de ideología
ideology	trust	de ideología
alibi	anger	coartada
alibi	anticipation	de coartada
alibi	disgust	de coartada
alibi	fear	de coartada
alibi	joy	coartada
alibi	negative	de coartada
alibi	positive	de coartada
alibi	sadness	de coartada
alibi	surprise	coartada
alibi	trust	de coartada
panoramic	anger	panorámica
panoramic	anticipation	panorámico
panoramic	disgust	panorámico
panoramic	fear	panorámico
panoramic	joy	panorámico
panoramic	negative	panorámico
panoramic	positive	panorámico
panoramic	sadness	inanición
panoramic	surprise	de inanición
panoramic	trust	panorámica
starvation	anger	panorámica
starvation	anticipation	panorámica
starvation	disgust	inanición
starvation	fear	de inanición
starvation	joy	de inanición
starvation	negative	de inanición
starvation	positive	inanición
starvation	sadness	de inanición
starvation	surprise	de inanición
starvation	trust	de inanición
overpowering	anger	overpowering
overpowering	anticipation	overpowering
overpowering	disgust	overpowering
overpowering	fear	overpowering
overpowering	joy	overpowering
overpowering	negative	overpowering
overpowering	positive	overpowering
overpowering	sadness	overpowering
overpowering	surprise	overpowering
overpowering	trust	overpowering
elements	anger	elementos
elements	anticipation	de elementos
elements	disgust	de elementos
elements	fear	de elementos
elements	joy	elementos
elements	negative	de elementos
elements	positive	de elementos
elements	sadness	de elementos
elements	surprise	elementos
elements	trust	de elementos
bicolor	anger	bicolor
bicolor	anticipation	bicolor
bicolor	disgust	bicolor
bicolor	fear	bicolor
bicolor	joy	bicolor
bicolor	negative	bicolor
bicolor	positive	bicolor
bicolor	sadness	bicolor
bicolor	surprise	bicolor
bicolor	trust	bicolor
predominate	anger	predominar
predominate	anticipation	predominar
predominate	disgust	predominar
predominate	fear	predominar
predominate	joy	predominar
predominate	negative	predominar
predominate	positive	predominar
predominate	sadness	predominar
predominate	surprise	predominar
predominate	trust	predominar
glib	anger	simplista
glib	anticipation	simplista
glib	disgust	simplista
glib	fear	simplista
glib	joy	simplista
glib	negative	simplista
glib	positive	simplista
glib	sadness	perfume
glib	surprise	de perfume
glib	trust	simplista
perfume	anger	simplista
perfume	anticipation	simplista
perfume	disgust	perfume
perfume	fear	de perfume
perfume	joy	de perfume
perfume	negative	de perfume
perfume	positive	perfume
perfume	sadness	de perfume
perfume	surprise	de perfume
perfume	trust	de perfume que
observing	anger	observa
observing	anticipation	observando
observing	disgust	observando
observing	fear	observando
observing	joy	observando
observing	negative	observando
observing	positive	observando
observing	sadness	observando
observing	surprise	observando
observing	trust	observando
offensive	anger	ofensivo
offensive	anticipation	ofensivo
offensive	disgust	ofensivo
offensive	fear	ofensivo
offensive	joy	ofensivo
offensive	negative	ofensivo
offensive	positive	ofensivo
offensive	sadness	ofensivo
offensive	surprise	ofensivo
offensive	trust	ofensivo
practicable	anger	practicable
practicable	anticipation	practicable
practicable	disgust	practicable
practicable	fear	practicable
practicable	joy	practicable
practicable	negative	practicable
practicable	positive	practicable
practicable	sadness	practicable
practicable	surprise	practicable
practicable	trust	practicable
shrink	anger	encoger
shrink	anticipation	encoger
shrink	disgust	encoger
shrink	fear	encoger
shrink	joy	encoger
shrink	negative	encoger
shrink	positive	encoger
shrink	sadness	encoger
shrink	surprise	encoger
shrink	trust	encoger
expedite	anger	expedite
expedite	anticipation	expedite
expedite	disgust	expedite
expedite	fear	expedite
expedite	joy	expedite
expedite	negative	expedite
expedite	positive	expedite
expedite	sadness	expedite
expedite	surprise	expedite
expedite	trust	expedite
landscaping	anger	landscaping
landscaping	anticipation	landscaping
landscaping	disgust	landscaping
landscaping	fear	landscaping
landscaping	joy	landscaping
landscaping	negative	landscaping
landscaping	positive	landscaping
landscaping	sadness	landscaping
landscaping	surprise	landscaping
landscaping	trust	landscaping
seamstress	anger	seamstress
seamstress	anticipation	seamstress
seamstress	disgust	seamstress
seamstress	fear	seamstress
seamstress	joy	seamstress
seamstress	negative	seamstress
seamstress	positive	seamstress
seamstress	sadness	seamstress
seamstress	surprise	seamstress
seamstress	trust	seamstress
operator	anger	operador
operator	anticipation	de operador
operator	disgust	de operador
operator	fear	de operador
operator	joy	operador
operator	negative	de operador
operator	positive	de operador
operator	sadness	de operador
operator	surprise	operador
operator	trust	de operador
philanthropic	anger	philanthropic
philanthropic	anticipation	philanthropic
philanthropic	disgust	philanthropic
philanthropic	fear	philanthropic
philanthropic	joy	philanthropic
philanthropic	negative	philanthropic
philanthropic	positive	philanthropic
philanthropic	sadness	philanthropic
philanthropic	surprise	philanthropic
philanthropic	trust	philanthropic
retrospectively	anger	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	anticipation	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	disgust	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	fear	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	joy	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	negative	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	positive	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	sadness	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	surprise	retrospectivamente
retrospectively	trust	retrospectivamente
pleased	anger	complació
pleased	anticipation	complacido
pleased	disgust	complació
pleased	fear	complacido
pleased	joy	complació
pleased	negative	complacido
pleased	positive	complació
pleased	sadness	complacido
pleased	surprise	complació
pleased	trust	complacido
impress	anger	impresionar
impress	anticipation	impresionar
impress	disgust	impresionar
impress	fear	impresionar
impress	joy	impresionar
impress	negative	impresionar
impress	positive	impresionar
impress	sadness	impresionar
impress	surprise	impresionar
impress	trust	impresionar
redundancy	anger	redundancia
redundancy	anticipation	de redundancia
redundancy	disgust	de redundancia
redundancy	fear	de redundancia
redundancy	joy	redundancia
redundancy	negative	de redundancia
redundancy	positive	de redundancia
redundancy	sadness	de redundancia
redundancy	surprise	dictadura
redundancy	trust	de dictadura
dictatorship	anger	de redundancia
dictatorship	anticipation	de redundancia
dictatorship	disgust	dictadura
dictatorship	fear	de dictadura
dictatorship	joy	de dictadura
dictatorship	negative	de dictadura
dictatorship	positive	dictadura
dictatorship	sadness	de dictadura
dictatorship	surprise	de dictadura
dictatorship	trust	de dictadura
outbreak	anger	estallido
outbreak	anticipation	de estallido
outbreak	disgust	de estallido
outbreak	fear	de estallido
outbreak	joy	estallido
outbreak	negative	de estallido
outbreak	positive	de estallido
outbreak	sadness	de estallido
outbreak	surprise	estallido
outbreak	trust	de estallido que
cursing	anger	maldice
cursing	anticipation	maldiciendo
cursing	disgust	maldiciendo
cursing	fear	maldiciendo
cursing	joy	maldiciendo
cursing	negative	maldiciendo
cursing	positive	maldiciendo
cursing	sadness	maldiciendo
cursing	surprise	maldiciendo
cursing	trust	maldiciendo
sedative	anger	sedante
sedative	anticipation	de sedante
sedative	disgust	de sedante
sedative	fear	de sedante
sedative	joy	sedante
sedative	negative	de sedante
sedative	positive	de sedante
sedative	sadness	de sedante
sedative	surprise	sedante
sedative	trust	de sedante
dreamer	anger	dreamer
dreamer	anticipation	dreamer
dreamer	disgust	dreamer
dreamer	fear	dreamer
dreamer	joy	dreamer
dreamer	negative	dreamer
dreamer	positive	dreamer
dreamer	sadness	dreamer
dreamer	surprise	dreamer
dreamer	trust	dreamer
revels	anger	revels
revels	anticipation	revels
revels	disgust	revels
revels	fear	revels
revels	joy	revels
revels	negative	revels
revels	positive	revels
revels	sadness	revels
revels	surprise	revels
revels	trust	revels
tracing	anger	localizando
tracing	anticipation	localizando
tracing	disgust	localizando
tracing	fear	localizando
tracing	joy	localizando
tracing	negative	localizando
tracing	positive	localizando
tracing	sadness	localizando
tracing	surprise	localizando
tracing	trust	localizando
indulge	anger	indulge
indulge	anticipation	indulge
indulge	disgust	indulge
indulge	fear	indulge
indulge	joy	indulge
indulge	negative	indulge
indulge	positive	indulge
indulge	sadness	indulge
indulge	surprise	indulge
indulge	trust	indulge
whirlpool	anger	whirlpool
whirlpool	anticipation	whirlpool
whirlpool	disgust	whirlpool
whirlpool	fear	whirlpool
whirlpool	joy	whirlpool
whirlpool	negative	whirlpool
whirlpool	positive	whirlpool
whirlpool	sadness	whirlpool
whirlpool	surprise	whirlpool
whirlpool	trust	whirlpool
sovereign	anger	soberano
sovereign	anticipation	soberano
sovereign	disgust	soberano
sovereign	fear	soberano
sovereign	joy	soberano
sovereign	negative	soberano
sovereign	positive	soberano
sovereign	sadness	soberano
sovereign	surprise	soberano
sovereign	trust	soberano
heathen	anger	heathen
heathen	anticipation	heathen
heathen	disgust	heathen
heathen	fear	heathen
heathen	joy	heathen
heathen	negative	heathen
heathen	positive	heathen
heathen	sadness	heathen
heathen	surprise	heathen
heathen	trust	heathen
nag	anger	nag
nag	anticipation	nag
nag	disgust	nag
nag	fear	nag
nag	joy	nag
nag	negative	nag
nag	positive	nag
nag	sadness	nag
nag	surprise	nag
nag	trust	nag
clam	anger	almeja
clam	anticipation	de almeja
clam	disgust	de almeja
clam	fear	de almeja
clam	joy	almeja
clam	negative	de almeja
clam	positive	de almeja
clam	sadness	de almeja
clam	surprise	transcripción
clam	trust	de transcripción
transcription	anger	de almeja
transcription	anticipation	de almeja
transcription	disgust	transcripción
transcription	fear	de transcripción
transcription	joy	de transcripción
transcription	negative	de transcripción
transcription	positive	transcripción
transcription	sadness	de transcripción
transcription	surprise	de transcripción
transcription	trust	de transcripción
karma	anger	karma
karma	anticipation	karma
karma	disgust	karma
karma	fear	karma
karma	joy	karma
karma	negative	karma
karma	positive	karma
karma	sadness	karma
karma	surprise	karma
karma	trust	karma
pretended	anger	pretendió
pretended	anticipation	pretendido
pretended	disgust	pretendió
pretended	fear	pretendido
pretended	joy	pretendió
pretended	negative	pretendido
pretended	positive	pretendió
pretended	sadness	pretendido
pretended	surprise	pretendió
pretended	trust	pretendido
ligation	anger	ligation
ligation	anticipation	ligation
ligation	disgust	ligation
ligation	fear	ligation
ligation	joy	ligation
ligation	negative	ligation
ligation	positive	ligation
ligation	sadness	ligation
ligation	surprise	ligation
ligation	trust	ligation
generation	anger	generación
generation	anticipation	de generación
generation	disgust	de generación
generation	fear	de generación
generation	joy	generación
generation	negative	de generación
generation	positive	de generación
generation	sadness	de generación
generation	surprise	rebelión
generation	trust	de rebelión
rebellion	anger	de generación
rebellion	anticipation	de generación
rebellion	disgust	rebelión
rebellion	fear	de rebelión
rebellion	joy	de rebelión
rebellion	negative	de rebelión
rebellion	positive	rebelión
rebellion	sadness	de rebelión
rebellion	surprise	de rebelión
rebellion	trust	de rebelión
patron	anger	patron
patron	anticipation	
patron	disgust	patron
patron	fear	patron
patron	joy	patron
patron	negative	patron
patron	positive	patron
patron	sadness	patron
patron	surprise	patron
patron	trust	patron
radiance	anger	patron
radiance	anticipation	radiancia de radiancia
radiance	disgust	de radiancia
radiance	fear	de radiancia
radiance	joy	radiancia
radiance	negative	de radiancia
radiance	positive	de radiancia
radiance	sadness	de radiancia
radiance	surprise	afijo
radiance	trust	de afijo
affix	anger	de radiancia
affix	anticipation	de radiancia
affix	disgust	afijo
affix	fear	de afijo
affix	joy	de afijo
affix	negative	de afijo
affix	positive	afijo
affix	sadness	de afijo
affix	surprise	de afijo
affix	trust	de afijo
lead	anger	ventaja
lead	anticipation	de ventaja
lead	disgust	de ventaja
lead	fear	de ventaja
lead	joy	ventaja
lead	negative	de ventaja
lead	positive	de ventaja
lead	sadness	de ventaja
lead	surprise	ventaja
lead	trust	de ventaja
admirable	anger	admirable
admirable	anticipation	admirable
admirable	disgust	admirable
admirable	fear	admirable
admirable	joy	admirable
admirable	negative	admirable
admirable	positive	admirable
admirable	sadness	orador
admirable	surprise	de orador
admirable	trust	admirable
orator	anger	admirable
orator	anticipation	admirable
orator	disgust	orador
orator	fear	de orador
orator	joy	de orador
orator	negative	de orador
orator	positive	orador
orator	sadness	de orador
orator	surprise	de orador
orator	trust	de orador
speciality	anger	especialidad
speciality	anticipation	de especialidad
speciality	disgust	de especialidad
speciality	fear	de especialidad
speciality	joy	especialidad
speciality	negative	de especialidad
speciality	positive	de especialidad
speciality	sadness	de especialidad
speciality	surprise	especialidad
speciality	trust	de especialidad
deacon	anger	deacon
deacon	anticipation	deacon
deacon	disgust	deacon
deacon	fear	deacon
deacon	joy	deacon
deacon	negative	deacon
deacon	positive	deacon
deacon	sadness	deacon
deacon	surprise	deacon
deacon	trust	deacon
yell	anger	yell
yell	anticipation	yell
yell	disgust	yell
yell	fear	yell
yell	joy	yell
yell	negative	yell
yell	positive	yell
yell	sadness	yell
yell	surprise	yell
yell	trust	yell
excavator	anger	excavator
excavator	anticipation	excavator
excavator	disgust	excavator
excavator	fear	excavator
excavator	joy	excavator
excavator	negative	excavator
excavator	positive	excavator
excavator	sadness	excavator
excavator	surprise	excavator
excavator	trust	excavator
chit	anger	chit
chit	anticipation	chit
chit	disgust	chit
chit	fear	chit
chit	joy	chit
chit	negative	chit
chit	positive	chit
chit	sadness	chit
chit	surprise	chit
chit	trust	chit
discipline	anger	disciplina
discipline	anticipation	de disciplina
discipline	disgust	de disciplina
discipline	fear	de disciplina
discipline	joy	disciplina
discipline	negative	de disciplina
discipline	positive	de disciplina
discipline	sadness	de disciplina
discipline	surprise	respiro
discipline	trust	de respiro
respite	anger	de disciplina
respite	anticipation	de disciplina
respite	disgust	respiro
respite	fear	de respiro
respite	joy	de respiro
respite	negative	de respiro
respite	positive	respiro
respite	sadness	de respiro
respite	surprise	de respiro
respite	trust	de respiro
fitted	anger	cupo
fitted	anticipation	cabido
fitted	disgust	cupo
fitted	fear	cabido
fitted	joy	cupo
fitted	negative	cabido
fitted	positive	cupo
fitted	sadness	cabido
fitted	surprise	cupo
fitted	trust	lingüista
linguist	anger	de lingüista
linguist	anticipation	de lingüista
linguist	disgust	cabido
linguist	fear	lingüista
linguist	joy	de lingüista
linguist	negative	de lingüista
linguist	positive	de lingüista
linguist	sadness	lingüista
linguist	surprise	de lingüista
linguist	trust	del lingüista
corporate	anger	corporativo
corporate	anticipation	corporativo
corporate	disgust	corporativo
corporate	fear	corporativo
corporate	joy	corporativo
corporate	negative	corporativo
corporate	positive	corporativo
corporate	sadness	corporativo
corporate	surprise	corporativo
corporate	trust	corporativo
herewith	anger	herewith
herewith	anticipation	herewith
herewith	disgust	herewith
herewith	fear	herewith
herewith	joy	herewith
herewith	negative	herewith
herewith	positive	herewith
herewith	sadness	herewith
herewith	surprise	herewith
herewith	trust	herewith
comic	anger	cómic
comic	anticipation	de cómic
comic	disgust	de cómic
comic	fear	de cómic
comic	joy	cómic
comic	negative	de cómic
comic	positive	de cómic
comic	sadness	de cómic
comic	surprise	sintaxis
comic	trust	de sintaxis
syntax	anger	de cómic
syntax	anticipation	de cómic
syntax	disgust	sintaxis
syntax	fear	de sintaxis
syntax	joy	de sintaxis
syntax	negative	de sintaxis
syntax	positive	sintaxis
syntax	sadness	de sintaxis
syntax	surprise	de sintaxis
syntax	trust	de sintaxis
bushy	anger	bushy
bushy	anticipation	bushy
bushy	disgust	bushy
bushy	fear	bushy
bushy	joy	bushy
bushy	negative	bushy
bushy	positive	bushy
bushy	sadness	bushy
bushy	surprise	bushy
bushy	trust	bushy
ingenuity	anger	ingenuity
ingenuity	anticipation	ingenuity
ingenuity	disgust	ingenuity
ingenuity	fear	ingenuity
ingenuity	joy	ingenuity
ingenuity	negative	ingenuity
ingenuity	positive	ingenuity
ingenuity	sadness	ingenuity
ingenuity	surprise	ingenuity
ingenuity	trust	ingenuity
sag	anger	sag
sag	anticipation	sag
sag	disgust	sag
sag	fear	sag
sag	joy	sag
sag	negative	sag
sag	positive	sag
sag	sadness	sag
sag	surprise	sag
sag	trust	sag
sixty	anger	sesenta
sixty	anticipation	sesenta
sixty	disgust	sesenta
sixty	fear	sesenta
sixty	joy	sesenta
sixty	negative	sesenta
sixty	positive	sesenta
sixty	sadness	sesenta
sixty	surprise	sesenta
sixty	trust	sesenta
hollow	anger	vacío
hollow	anticipation	vacío
hollow	disgust	vacío
hollow	fear	vacío
hollow	joy	vacío
hollow	negative	vacío
hollow	positive	vacío
hollow	sadness	parecido
hollow	surprise	de parecido
hollow	trust	vacío
resemblance	anger	vacío
resemblance	anticipation	vacío
resemblance	disgust	parecido
resemblance	fear	de parecido
resemblance	joy	de parecido
resemblance	negative	de parecido
resemblance	positive	parecido
resemblance	sadness	de parecido
resemblance	surprise	de parecido
resemblance	trust	de parecido que
denying	anger	niega
denying	anticipation	negando
denying	disgust	negando
denying	fear	negando
denying	joy	negando
denying	negative	negando
denying	positive	negando
denying	sadness	negando
denying	surprise	negando
denying	trust	negando
resounding	anger	resounding
resounding	anticipation	resounding
resounding	disgust	resounding
resounding	fear	resounding
resounding	joy	resounding
resounding	negative	resounding
resounding	positive	resounding
resounding	sadness	resounding
resounding	surprise	resounding
resounding	trust	resounding
hideous	anger	horrendo
hideous	anticipation	horrendo
hideous	disgust	horrendo
hideous	fear	horrendo
hideous	joy	horrendo
hideous	negative	horrendo
hideous	positive	horrendo
hideous	sadness	horrendo
hideous	surprise	horrendo
hideous	trust	horrendo
prevailing	anger	prevaleciendo
prevailing	anticipation	prevaleciendo
prevailing	disgust	prevaleciendo
prevailing	fear	prevaleciendo
prevailing	joy	prevaleciendo
prevailing	negative	prevaleciendo
prevailing	positive	prevaleciendo
prevailing	sadness	prevaleciendo
prevailing	surprise	prevaleciendo
prevailing	trust	prevaleciendo
abbot	anger	abad
abbot	anticipation	de abad
abbot	disgust	de abad
abbot	fear	de abad
abbot	joy	abad
abbot	negative	de abad
abbot	positive	de abad
abbot	sadness	de abad
abbot	surprise	abad
abbot	trust	de abad
casing	anger	casing
casing	anticipation	casing
casing	disgust	casing
casing	fear	casing
casing	joy	casing
casing	negative	casing
casing	positive	casing
casing	sadness	casing
casing	surprise	casing
casing	trust	casing
glittering	anger	glittering
glittering	anticipation	glittering
glittering	disgust	glittering
glittering	fear	glittering
glittering	joy	glittering
glittering	negative	glittering
glittering	positive	glittering
glittering	sadness	glittering
glittering	surprise	glittering
glittering	trust	glittering
rosary	anger	rosario
rosary	anticipation	de rosario
rosary	disgust	de rosario
rosary	fear	de rosario
rosary	joy	rosario
rosary	negative	de rosario
rosary	positive	de rosario
rosary	sadness	de rosario
rosary	surprise	rosario
rosary	trust	de rosario
contemplative	anger	contemplative
contemplative	anticipation	contemplative
contemplative	disgust	contemplative
contemplative	fear	contemplative
contemplative	joy	contemplative
contemplative	negative	contemplative
contemplative	positive	contemplative
contemplative	sadness	contemplative
contemplative	surprise	contemplative
contemplative	trust	contemplative
modifiable	anger	modificable
modifiable	anticipation	modificable
modifiable	disgust	modificable
modifiable	fear	modificable
modifiable	joy	modificable
modifiable	negative	modificable
modifiable	positive	modificable
modifiable	sadness	mecanismo
modifiable	surprise	de mecanismo
modifiable	trust	modificable
mechanism	anger	modificable
mechanism	anticipation	modificable
mechanism	disgust	mecanismo
mechanism	fear	de mecanismo
mechanism	joy	de mecanismo
mechanism	negative	de mecanismo
mechanism	positive	mecanismo
mechanism	sadness	de mecanismo
mechanism	surprise	de mecanismo
mechanism	trust	de mecanismo
favorable	anger	favorable
favorable	anticipation	favorable
favorable	disgust	favorable
favorable	fear	favorable
favorable	joy	favorable
favorable	negative	favorable
favorable	positive	favorable
favorable	sadness	paranoia
favorable	surprise	de paranoia
favorable	trust	favorable
paranoia	anger	favorable
paranoia	anticipation	favorable
paranoia	disgust	paranoia
paranoia	fear	de paranoia
paranoia	joy	de paranoia
paranoia	negative	de paranoia
paranoia	positive	paranoia
paranoia	sadness	de paranoia
paranoia	surprise	de paranoia
paranoia	trust	de paranoia
ditty	anger	ditty
ditty	anticipation	ditty
ditty	disgust	ditty
ditty	fear	ditty
ditty	joy	ditty
ditty	negative	ditty
ditty	positive	ditty
ditty	sadness	ditty
ditty	surprise	ditty
ditty	trust	ditty
council	anger	consejo
council	anticipation	de consejo
council	disgust	de consejo
council	fear	de consejo
council	joy	consejo
council	negative	de consejo
council	positive	de consejo
council	sadness	de consejo
council	surprise	consejo
council	trust	de consejo
propagate	anger	propaga
propagate	anticipation	propagar
propagate	disgust	propagar
propagate	fear	propagar
propagate	joy	propagar
propagate	negative	propagar
propagate	positive	propagar
propagate	sadness	propagar
propagate	surprise	propagar
propagate	trust	propagar
thinking	anger	pensando
thinking	anticipation	pensamiento
thinking	disgust	de pensamiento
thinking	fear	de pensamiento
thinking	joy	de pensamiento
thinking	negative	pensamiento
thinking	positive	de pensamiento
thinking	sadness	de pensamiento
thinking	surprise	de pensamiento
thinking	trust	pensamiento
plush	anger	plush
plush	anticipation	plush
plush	disgust	plush
plush	fear	plush
plush	joy	plush
plush	negative	plush
plush	positive	plush
plush	sadness	plush
plush	surprise	plush
plush	trust	plush
scandal	anger	escándalo
scandal	anticipation	de escándalo
scandal	disgust	de escándalo
scandal	fear	de escándalo
scandal	joy	escándalo
scandal	negative	de escándalo
scandal	positive	de escándalo
scandal	sadness	de escándalo
scandal	surprise	escándalo
scandal	trust	de escándalo
anhydrous	anger	anhydrous
anhydrous	anticipation	anhydrous
anhydrous	disgust	anhydrous
anhydrous	fear	anhydrous
anhydrous	joy	anhydrous
anhydrous	negative	anhydrous
anhydrous	positive	anhydrous
anhydrous	sadness	anhydrous
anhydrous	surprise	anhydrous
anhydrous	trust	anhydrous
earnestness	anger	earnestness
earnestness	anticipation	earnestness
earnestness	disgust	earnestness
earnestness	fear	earnestness
earnestness	joy	earnestness
earnestness	negative	earnestness
earnestness	positive	earnestness
earnestness	sadness	earnestness
earnestness	surprise	earnestness
earnestness	trust	earnestness
stifle	anger	reprimir
stifle	anticipation	reprimir
stifle	disgust	reprimir
stifle	fear	reprimir
stifle	joy	reprimir
stifle	negative	reprimir
stifle	positive	reprimir
stifle	sadness	reprimir
stifle	surprise	reprimir
stifle	trust	reprimir
unaccompanied	anger	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	anticipation	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	disgust	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	fear	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	joy	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	negative	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	positive	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	sadness	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	surprise	unaccompanied
unaccompanied	trust	unaccompanied
romantic	anger	romántico
romantic	anticipation	romántico
romantic	disgust	romántico
romantic	fear	romántico
romantic	joy	romántico
romantic	negative	romántico
romantic	positive	romántico
romantic	sadness	romántico
romantic	surprise	romántico
romantic	trust	romántico
reel	anger	devanar
reel	anticipation	devanar
reel	disgust	devanar
reel	fear	devanar
reel	joy	devanar
reel	negative	devanar
reel	positive	devanar
reel	sadness	devanar
reel	surprise	devanar
reel	trust	devanar
juice	anger	zumo
juice	anticipation	de zumo
juice	disgust	de zumo
juice	fear	de zumo
juice	joy	zumo
juice	negative	de zumo
juice	positive	de zumo
juice	sadness	de zumo
juice	surprise	corazón
juice	trust	de corazón
heart	anger	de zumo
heart	anticipation	de zumo
heart	disgust	corazón
heart	fear	de corazón
heart	joy	de corazón
heart	negative	de corazón
heart	positive	corazón
heart	sadness	de corazón
heart	surprise	de corazón
heart	trust	de corazón que
depicting	anger	describe
depicting	anticipation	describiendo
depicting	disgust	describiendo
depicting	fear	describiendo
depicting	joy	describiendo
depicting	negative	describiendo
depicting	positive	describiendo
depicting	sadness	describiendo
depicting	surprise	describiendo
depicting	trust	describiendo
fink	anger	fink
fink	anticipation	fink
fink	disgust	fink
fink	fear	fink
fink	joy	fink
fink	negative	fink
fink	positive	fink
fink	sadness	fink
fink	surprise	fink
fink	trust	fink
clarion	anger	clarion
clarion	anticipation	clarion
clarion	disgust	clarion
clarion	fear	clarion
clarion	joy	clarion
clarion	negative	clarion
clarion	positive	clarion
clarion	sadness	clarion
clarion	surprise	clarion
clarion	trust	clarion
water	anger	agua
water	anticipation	de agua
water	disgust	de agua
water	fear	de agua
water	joy	agua
water	negative	de agua
water	positive	de agua
water	sadness	de agua
water	surprise	pantera
water	trust	de pantera
panther	anger	de agua
panther	anticipation	de agua
panther	disgust	pantera
panther	fear	de pantera
panther	joy	de pantera
panther	negative	de pantera
panther	positive	pantera
panther	sadness	de pantera
panther	surprise	de pantera
panther	trust	de pantera
recruits	anger	reclutas
recruits	anticipation	de reclutas
recruits	disgust	de reclutas
recruits	fear	de reclutas
recruits	joy	reclutas
recruits	negative	de reclutas
recruits	positive	de reclutas
recruits	sadness	de reclutas
recruits	surprise	garantía
recruits	trust	de garantía
guarantee	anger	de reclutas
guarantee	anticipation	de reclutas
guarantee	disgust	garantía
guarantee	fear	de garantía
guarantee	joy	de garantía
guarantee	negative	de garantía
guarantee	positive	garantía
guarantee	sadness	de garantía
guarantee	surprise	de garantía
guarantee	trust	de garantía
openly	anger	abiertamente
openly	anticipation	abiertamente
openly	disgust	abiertamente
openly	fear	abiertamente
openly	joy	abiertamente
openly	negative	abiertamente
openly	positive	abiertamente
openly	sadness	abiertamente
openly	surprise	abiertamente
openly	trust	abiertamente
centurion	anger	centurion
centurion	anticipation	centurion
centurion	disgust	centurion
centurion	fear	centurion
centurion	joy	centurion
centurion	negative	centurion
centurion	positive	centurion
centurion	sadness	centurion
centurion	surprise	centurion
centurion	trust	centurion
authoritative	anger	autoritario
authoritative	anticipation	autoritario
authoritative	disgust	autoritario
authoritative	fear	autoritario
authoritative	joy	autoritario
authoritative	negative	autoritario
authoritative	positive	autoritario
authoritative	sadness	autoritario
authoritative	surprise	autoritario
authoritative	trust	autoritario
unfamiliar	anger	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	anticipation	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	disgust	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	fear	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	joy	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	negative	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	positive	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	sadness	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	surprise	unfamiliar
unfamiliar	trust	unfamiliar
coagulation	anger	coagulación
coagulation	anticipation	de coagulación
coagulation	disgust	de coagulación
coagulation	fear	de coagulación
coagulation	joy	coagulación
coagulation	negative	de coagulación
coagulation	positive	de coagulación
coagulation	sadness	de coagulación
coagulation	surprise	coagulación
coagulation	trust	de coagulación
hind	anger	hind
hind	anticipation	hind
hind	disgust	hind
hind	fear	hind
hind	joy	hind
hind	negative	hind
hind	positive	hind
hind	sadness	hind
hind	surprise	hind
hind	trust	hind
spoiler	anger	spoiler
spoiler	anticipation	spoiler
spoiler	disgust	spoiler
spoiler	fear	spoiler
spoiler	joy	spoiler
spoiler	negative	spoiler
spoiler	positive	spoiler
spoiler	sadness	spoiler
spoiler	surprise	spoiler
spoiler	trust	spoiler
rout	anger	rout
rout	anticipation	rout
rout	disgust	rout
rout	fear	rout
rout	joy	rout
rout	negative	rout
rout	positive	rout
rout	sadness	rout
rout	surprise	rout
rout	trust	rout
recital	anger	recital
recital	anticipation	de recital
recital	disgust	de recital
recital	fear	de recital
recital	joy	recital
recital	negative	de recital
recital	positive	de recital
recital	sadness	de recital
recital	surprise	recital
recital	trust	de recital
shear	anger	shear
shear	anticipation	shear
shear	disgust	shear
shear	fear	shear
shear	joy	shear
shear	negative	shear
shear	positive	shear
shear	sadness	shear
shear	surprise	shear
shear	trust	shear
ebb	anger	ebb
ebb	anticipation	
ebb	disgust	ebb
ebb	fear	ebb
ebb	joy	ebb
ebb	negative	ebb
ebb	positive	ebb
ebb	sadness	ebb
ebb	surprise	ebb
ebb	trust	ebb
quad	anger	ebb
quad	anticipation	quad quad
quad	disgust	quad
quad	fear	quad
quad	joy	quad
quad	negative	quad
quad	positive	quad
quad	sadness	quad
quad	surprise	quad
quad	trust	quad
backpacker	anger	backpacker
backpacker	anticipation	backpacker
backpacker	disgust	backpacker
backpacker	fear	backpacker
backpacker	joy	backpacker
backpacker	negative	backpacker
backpacker	positive	backpacker
backpacker	sadness	backpacker
backpacker	surprise	backpacker
backpacker	trust	backpacker
poker	anger	póquer
poker	anticipation	de póquer
poker	disgust	de póquer
poker	fear	de póquer
poker	joy	póquer
poker	negative	de póquer
poker	positive	de póquer
poker	sadness	de póquer
poker	surprise	póquer
poker	trust	de póquer
graver	anger	más grave
graver	anticipation	más grave
graver	disgust	más grave
graver	fear	más grave
graver	joy	más grave
graver	negative	más grave
graver	positive	más grave
graver	sadness	más grave
graver	surprise	más grave
graver	trust	más grave
nought	anger	nought
nought	anticipation	nought
nought	disgust	nought
nought	fear	nought
nought	joy	nought
nought	negative	nought
nought	positive	nought
nought	sadness	nought
nought	surprise	nought
nought	trust	nought
anthrax	anger	ántrax
anthrax	anticipation	de ántrax
anthrax	disgust	de ántrax
anthrax	fear	de ántrax
anthrax	joy	ántrax
anthrax	negative	de ántrax
anthrax	positive	de ántrax
anthrax	sadness	de ántrax
anthrax	surprise	ántrax
anthrax	trust	de ántrax
apiece	anger	apiece
apiece	anticipation	apiece
apiece	disgust	apiece
apiece	fear	apiece
apiece	joy	apiece
apiece	negative	apiece
apiece	positive	apiece
apiece	sadness	apiece
apiece	surprise	apiece
apiece	trust	apiece
befriend	anger	befriend
befriend	anticipation	befriend
befriend	disgust	befriend
befriend	fear	befriend
befriend	joy	befriend
befriend	negative	befriend
befriend	positive	befriend
befriend	sadness	befriend
befriend	surprise	befriend
befriend	trust	befriend
musing	anger	musing
musing	anticipation	musing
musing	disgust	musing
musing	fear	musing
musing	joy	musing
musing	negative	musing
musing	positive	musing
musing	sadness	musing
musing	surprise	musing
musing	trust	musing
engineering	anger	ingeniería
engineering	anticipation	de ingeniería
engineering	disgust	de ingeniería
engineering	fear	de ingeniería
engineering	joy	ingeniería
engineering	negative	de ingeniería
engineering	positive	de ingeniería
engineering	sadness	de ingeniería
engineering	surprise	procesamiento
engineering	trust	de procesamiento
prosecution	anger	de ingeniería
prosecution	anticipation	de ingeniería
prosecution	disgust	procesamiento
prosecution	fear	de procesamiento
prosecution	joy	de procesamiento
prosecution	negative	de procesamiento
prosecution	positive	procesamiento
prosecution	sadness	de procesamiento
prosecution	surprise	de procesamiento
prosecution	trust	de procesamiento
gallant	anger	gallant
gallant	anticipation	gallant
gallant	disgust	gallant
gallant	fear	gallant
gallant	joy	gallant
gallant	negative	gallant
gallant	positive	gallant
gallant	sadness	gallant
gallant	surprise	gallant
gallant	trust	gallant
scrumptious	anger	scrumptious
scrumptious	anticipation	scrumptious
scrumptious	disgust	scrumptious
scrumptious	fear	scrumptious
scrumptious	joy	scrumptious
scrumptious	negative	scrumptious
scrumptious	positive	scrumptious
scrumptious	sadness	scrumptious
scrumptious	surprise	scrumptious
scrumptious	trust	scrumptious
bribe	anger	sobornar
bribe	anticipation	sobornar
bribe	disgust	sobornar
bribe	fear	sobornar
bribe	joy	sobornar
bribe	negative	sobornar
bribe	positive	sobornar
bribe	sadness	sobornar
bribe	surprise	sobornar
bribe	trust	sobornar
versus	anger	versus
versus	anticipation	versus
versus	disgust	versus
versus	fear	versus
versus	joy	versus
versus	negative	versus
versus	positive	versus
versus	sadness	versus
versus	surprise	versus
versus	trust	versus
eradicate	anger	erradicar
eradicate	anticipation	erradicar
eradicate	disgust	erradicar
eradicate	fear	erradicar
eradicate	joy	erradicar
eradicate	negative	erradicar
eradicate	positive	erradicar
eradicate	sadness	erradicar
eradicate	surprise	erradicar
eradicate	trust	erradicar
pessimism	anger	pesimismo
pessimism	anticipation	de pesimismo
pessimism	disgust	de pesimismo
pessimism	fear	de pesimismo
pessimism	joy	pesimismo
pessimism	negative	de pesimismo
pessimism	positive	de pesimismo
pessimism	sadness	de pesimismo
pessimism	surprise	intuición
pessimism	trust	de intuición
intuition	anger	de pesimismo
intuition	anticipation	de pesimismo
intuition	disgust	intuición
intuition	fear	de intuición
intuition	joy	de intuición
intuition	negative	de intuición
intuition	positive	intuición
intuition	sadness	de intuición
intuition	surprise	de intuición
intuition	trust	de intuición
acquaintance	anger	acquaintance
acquaintance	anticipation	acquaintance
acquaintance	disgust	acquaintance
acquaintance	fear	acquaintance
acquaintance	joy	acquaintance
acquaintance	negative	acquaintance
acquaintance	positive	acquaintance
acquaintance	sadness	acquaintance
acquaintance	surprise	acquaintance
acquaintance	trust	acquaintance
complacent	anger	complacent
complacent	anticipation	complacent
complacent	disgust	complacent
complacent	fear	complacent
complacent	joy	complacent
complacent	negative	complacent
complacent	positive	complacent
complacent	sadness	complacent
complacent	surprise	complacent
complacent	trust	complacent
uncle	anger	tío
uncle	anticipation	de tío
uncle	disgust	de tío
uncle	fear	de tío
uncle	joy	tío
uncle	negative	de tío
uncle	positive	de tío
uncle	sadness	de tío
uncle	surprise	chófer
uncle	trust	de chófer
chauffeur	anger	de tío
chauffeur	anticipation	de tío
chauffeur	disgust	chófer
chauffeur	fear	de chófer
chauffeur	joy	de chófer
chauffeur	negative	de chófer
chauffeur	positive	chófer
chauffeur	sadness	de chófer
chauffeur	surprise	de chófer
chauffeur	trust	de chófer
disability	anger	incapacidad
disability	anticipation	de incapacidad
disability	disgust	de incapacidad
disability	fear	de incapacidad
disability	joy	incapacidad
disability	negative	de incapacidad
disability	positive	de incapacidad
disability	sadness	de incapacidad
disability	surprise	celo
disability	trust	de celo
zeal	anger	de incapacidad
zeal	anticipation	de incapacidad
zeal	disgust	celo
zeal	fear	de celo
zeal	joy	de celo
zeal	negative	de celo
zeal	positive	celo
zeal	sadness	de celo
zeal	surprise	de celo
zeal	trust	de celo
hearts	anger	corazones
hearts	anticipation	de corazones
hearts	disgust	de corazones
hearts	fear	de corazones
hearts	joy	corazones
hearts	negative	de corazones
hearts	positive	de corazones
hearts	sadness	de corazones
hearts	surprise	corazones
hearts	trust	de corazones
advocacy	anger	advocacy
advocacy	anticipation	advocacy
advocacy	disgust	advocacy
advocacy	fear	advocacy
advocacy	joy	advocacy
advocacy	negative	advocacy
advocacy	positive	advocacy
advocacy	sadness	advocacy
advocacy	surprise	advocacy
advocacy	trust	advocacy
childbirth	anger	parto
childbirth	anticipation	de parto
childbirth	disgust	de parto
childbirth	fear	de parto
childbirth	joy	parto
childbirth	negative	de parto
childbirth	positive	de parto
childbirth	sadness	de parto
childbirth	surprise	parto
childbirth	trust	de parto
jester	anger	jester
jester	anticipation	jester
jester	disgust	jester
jester	fear	jester
jester	joy	jester
jester	negative	jester
jester	positive	jester
jester	sadness	jester
jester	surprise	jester
jester	trust	jester
allowable	anger	allowable
allowable	anticipation	allowable
allowable	disgust	allowable
allowable	fear	allowable
allowable	joy	allowable
allowable	negative	allowable
allowable	positive	allowable
allowable	sadness	allowable
allowable	surprise	allowable
allowable	trust	allowable
sic	anger	sic
sic	anticipation	sic
sic	disgust	sic
sic	fear	sic
sic	joy	sic
sic	negative	sic
sic	positive	sic
sic	sadness	sic
sic	surprise	sic
sic	trust	sic
recruiting	anger	recruiting
recruiting	anticipation	recruiting
recruiting	disgust	recruiting
recruiting	fear	recruiting
recruiting	joy	recruiting
recruiting	negative	recruiting
recruiting	positive	recruiting
recruiting	sadness	recruiting
recruiting	surprise	recruiting
recruiting	trust	recruiting
colorless	anger	incoloro
colorless	anticipation	incoloro
colorless	disgust	incoloro
colorless	fear	incoloro
colorless	joy	incoloro
colorless	negative	incoloro
colorless	positive	incoloro
colorless	sadness	observatorio
colorless	surprise	de observatorio
colorless	trust	incoloro
observatory	anger	incoloro
observatory	anticipation	incoloro
observatory	disgust	observatorio
observatory	fear	de observatorio
observatory	joy	de observatorio
observatory	negative	de observatorio
observatory	positive	observatorio
observatory	sadness	de observatorio
observatory	surprise	de observatorio
observatory	trust	de observatorio
reported	anger	informó
reported	anticipation	informado
reported	disgust	informó
reported	fear	informado
reported	joy	informó
reported	negative	informado
reported	positive	informó
reported	sadness	informado
reported	surprise	informó
reported	trust	informado
intricate	anger	intrincado
intricate	anticipation	intrincado
intricate	disgust	intrincado
intricate	fear	intrincado
intricate	joy	intrincado
intricate	negative	intrincado
intricate	positive	intrincado
intricate	sadness	caída
intricate	surprise	de caída
intricate	trust	intrincada
fall	anger	intrincada
fall	anticipation	intrincada
fall	disgust	caída
fall	fear	de caída
fall	joy	de caída
fall	negative	de caída
fall	positive	caída
fall	sadness	de caída
fall	surprise	de caída
fall	trust	de caída
maritime	anger	marítima
maritime	anticipation	marítimo
maritime	disgust	marítimo
maritime	fear	marítimo
maritime	joy	marítimo
maritime	negative	marítimo
maritime	positive	marítimo
maritime	sadness	matrona
maritime	surprise	de matrona
maritime	trust	marítima
matron	anger	marítima
matron	anticipation	marítima
matron	disgust	matrona
matron	fear	de matrona
matron	joy	de matrona
matron	negative	de matrona
matron	positive	matrona
matron	sadness	de matrona
matron	surprise	de matrona
matron	trust	de matrona
bowels	anger	intestinos
bowels	anticipation	de intestinos
bowels	disgust	de intestinos
bowels	fear	de intestinos
bowels	joy	intestinos
bowels	negative	de intestinos
bowels	positive	de intestinos
bowels	sadness	de intestinos
bowels	surprise	intestinos
bowels	trust	de intestinos
chew	anger	mastican
chew	anticipation	masticar
chew	disgust	masticar
chew	fear	masticar
chew	joy	masticar
chew	negative	masticar
chew	positive	masticar
chew	sadness	masticar
chew	surprise	masticar
chew	trust	masticar
renegade	anger	renegade
renegade	anticipation	renegade
renegade	disgust	renegade
renegade	fear	renegade
renegade	joy	renegade
renegade	negative	renegade
renegade	positive	renegade
renegade	sadness	renegade
renegade	surprise	renegade
renegade	trust	renegade
pix	anger	pix
pix	anticipation	pix
pix	disgust	pix
pix	fear	pix
pix	joy	pix
pix	negative	pix
pix	positive	pix
pix	sadness	pix
pix	surprise	pix
pix	trust	pix
triad	anger	triad
triad	anticipation	triad
triad	disgust	triad
triad	fear	triad
triad	joy	triad
triad	negative	triad
triad	positive	triad
triad	sadness	triad
triad	surprise	triad
triad	trust	triad
cabin	anger	cabina
cabin	anticipation	de cabina
cabin	disgust	de cabina
cabin	fear	de cabina
cabin	joy	cabina
cabin	negative	de cabina
cabin	positive	de cabina
cabin	sadness	de cabina
cabin	surprise	eventualidad
cabin	trust	de eventualidad
eventuality	anger	de cabina
eventuality	anticipation	de cabina
eventuality	disgust	eventualidad
eventuality	fear	de eventualidad
eventuality	joy	de eventualidad
eventuality	negative	de eventualidad
eventuality	positive	eventualidad
eventuality	sadness	de eventualidad
eventuality	surprise	de eventualidad
eventuality	trust	de eventualidad
camel	anger	camello
camel	anticipation	de camello
camel	disgust	de camello
camel	fear	de camello
camel	joy	camello
camel	negative	de camello
camel	positive	de camello
camel	sadness	de camello
camel	surprise	camello
camel	trust	de camello
cleanse	anger	cleanse
cleanse	anticipation	cleanse
cleanse	disgust	cleanse
cleanse	fear	cleanse
cleanse	joy	cleanse
cleanse	negative	cleanse
cleanse	positive	cleanse
cleanse	sadness	cleanse
cleanse	surprise	cleanse
cleanse	trust	cleanse
underwrite	anger	underwrite
underwrite	anticipation	underwrite
underwrite	disgust	underwrite
underwrite	fear	underwrite
underwrite	joy	underwrite
underwrite	negative	underwrite
underwrite	positive	underwrite
underwrite	sadness	underwrite
underwrite	surprise	underwrite
underwrite	trust	underwrite
indicator	anger	indicador
indicator	anticipation	de indicador
indicator	disgust	de indicador
indicator	fear	de indicador
indicator	joy	indicador
indicator	negative	de indicador
indicator	positive	de indicador
indicator	sadness	de indicador
indicator	surprise	circunferencia
indicator	trust	de circunferencia
circumference	anger	de indicador
circumference	anticipation	de indicador
circumference	disgust	circunferencia
circumference	fear	de circunferencia
circumference	joy	de circunferencia
circumference	negative	de circunferencia
circumference	positive	circunferencia
circumference	sadness	de circunferencia
circumference	surprise	de circunferencia
circumference	trust	de circunferencia
masturbate	anger	masturbate
masturbate	anticipation	masturbate
masturbate	disgust	masturbate
masturbate	fear	masturbate
masturbate	joy	masturbate
masturbate	negative	masturbate
masturbate	positive	masturbate
masturbate	sadness	masturbate
masturbate	surprise	masturbate
masturbate	trust	masturbate
domicile	anger	domicilio
domicile	anticipation	de domicilio
domicile	disgust	de domicilio
domicile	fear	de domicilio
domicile	joy	domicilio
domicile	negative	de domicilio
domicile	positive	de domicilio
domicile	sadness	de domicilio
domicile	surprise	domicilio
domicile	trust	de domicilio que
pinching	anger	pellizca
pinching	anticipation	pellizcando
pinching	disgust	pellizcando
pinching	fear	pellizcando
pinching	joy	pellizcando
pinching	negative	pellizcando
pinching	positive	pellizcando
pinching	sadness	pellizcando
pinching	surprise	pellizcando
pinching	trust	pellizcando
naturally	anger	naturalmente
naturally	anticipation	naturalmente
naturally	disgust	naturalmente
naturally	fear	naturalmente
naturally	joy	naturalmente
naturally	negative	naturalmente
naturally	positive	naturalmente
naturally	sadness	naturalmente
naturally	surprise	naturalmente
naturally	trust	naturalmente
trig	anger	trig
trig	anticipation	trig
trig	disgust	trig
trig	fear	trig
trig	joy	trig
trig	negative	trig
trig	positive	trig
trig	sadness	trig
trig	surprise	trig
trig	trust	trig
axle	anger	eje
axle	anticipation	de eje
axle	disgust	de eje
axle	fear	de eje
axle	joy	eje
axle	negative	de eje
axle	positive	de eje
axle	sadness	de eje
axle	surprise	puntal
axle	trust	de puntal
strut	anger	de eje
strut	anticipation	de eje
strut	disgust	puntal
strut	fear	de puntal
strut	joy	de puntal
strut	negative	de puntal
strut	positive	puntal
strut	sadness	de puntal
strut	surprise	de puntal
strut	trust	de puntal
contention	anger	contienda
contention	anticipation	de contienda
contention	disgust	de contienda
contention	fear	de contienda
contention	joy	contienda
contention	negative	de contienda
contention	positive	de contienda
contention	sadness	de contienda
contention	surprise	contienda
contention	trust	de contienda
buffalo	anger	buffalo
buffalo	anticipation	buffalo
buffalo	disgust	buffalo
buffalo	fear	buffalo
buffalo	joy	buffalo
buffalo	negative	buffalo
buffalo	positive	buffalo
buffalo	sadness	buffalo
buffalo	surprise	buffalo
buffalo	trust	buffalo
talented	anger	talented
talented	anticipation	talented
talented	disgust	talented
talented	fear	talented
talented	joy	talented
talented	negative	talented
talented	positive	talented
talented	sadness	talented
talented	surprise	talented
talented	trust	talented
rein	anger	rienda
rein	anticipation	de rienda
rein	disgust	de rienda
rein	fear	de rienda
rein	joy	rienda
rein	negative	de rienda
rein	positive	de rienda
rein	sadness	de rienda
rein	surprise	singularidad
rein	trust	de singularidad
singularity	anger	de rienda
singularity	anticipation	de rienda
singularity	disgust	singularidad
singularity	fear	de singularidad
singularity	joy	de singularidad
singularity	negative	de singularidad
singularity	positive	singularidad
singularity	sadness	de singularidad
singularity	surprise	de singularidad
singularity	trust	de singularidad
recur	anger	recur
recur	anticipation	recur
recur	disgust	recur
recur	fear	recur
recur	joy	recur
recur	negative	recur
recur	positive	recur
recur	sadness	recur
recur	surprise	recur
recur	trust	recur
construct	anger	construir
construct	anticipation	construir
construct	disgust	construir
construct	fear	construir
construct	joy	construir
construct	negative	construir
construct	positive	construir
construct	sadness	construir
construct	surprise	construir
construct	trust	construir
tongs	anger	tongs
tongs	anticipation	tongs
tongs	disgust	tongs
tongs	fear	tongs
tongs	joy	tongs
tongs	negative	tongs
tongs	positive	tongs
tongs	sadness	tongs
tongs	surprise	tongs
tongs	trust	tongs
larynx	anger	larynx
larynx	anticipation	larynx
larynx	disgust	larynx
larynx	fear	larynx
larynx	joy	larynx
larynx	negative	larynx
larynx	positive	larynx
larynx	sadness	larynx
larynx	surprise	larynx
larynx	trust	larynx
mortification	anger	mortification
mortification	anticipation	mortification
mortification	disgust	mortification
mortification	fear	mortification
mortification	joy	mortification
mortification	negative	mortification
mortification	positive	mortification
mortification	sadness	mortification
mortification	surprise	mortification
mortification	trust	mortification
diatribe	anger	diatribe
diatribe	anticipation	diatribe
diatribe	disgust	diatribe
diatribe	fear	diatribe
diatribe	joy	diatribe
diatribe	negative	diatribe
diatribe	positive	diatribe
diatribe	sadness	diatribe
diatribe	surprise	diatribe
diatribe	trust	diatribe
grind	anger	moler
grind	anticipation	moler
grind	disgust	moler
grind	fear	moler
grind	joy	moler
grind	negative	moler
grind	positive	moler
grind	sadness	moler
grind	surprise	moler
grind	trust	moler
professor	anger	profesor
professor	anticipation	de profesor
professor	disgust	de profesor
professor	fear	de profesor
professor	joy	profesor
professor	negative	de profesor
professor	positive	de profesor
professor	sadness	de profesor
professor	surprise	época
professor	trust	de época
epoch	anger	de profesor
epoch	anticipation	de profesor
epoch	disgust	época
epoch	fear	de época
epoch	joy	de época
epoch	negative	de época
epoch	positive	época
epoch	sadness	de época
epoch	surprise	de época
epoch	trust	de época
thoughtful	anger	pensativa
thoughtful	anticipation	pensativo
thoughtful	disgust	pensativo
thoughtful	fear	pensativo
thoughtful	joy	pensativo
thoughtful	negative	pensativo
thoughtful	positive	pensativo
thoughtful	sadness	pensativo
thoughtful	surprise	pensativo
thoughtful	trust	pensativo
shrill	anger	shrill
shrill	anticipation	shrill
shrill	disgust	shrill
shrill	fear	shrill
shrill	joy	shrill
shrill	negative	shrill
shrill	positive	shrill
shrill	sadness	shrill
shrill	surprise	shrill
shrill	trust	shrill
awe	anger	sobrecogimiento
awe	anticipation	de sobrecogimiento
awe	disgust	de sobrecogimiento
awe	fear	de sobrecogimiento
awe	joy	sobrecogimiento
awe	negative	de sobrecogimiento
awe	positive	de sobrecogimiento
awe	sadness	de sobrecogimiento
awe	surprise	sobrecogimiento
awe	trust	de sobrecogimiento
repent	anger	repent
repent	anticipation	repent
repent	disgust	repent
repent	fear	repent
repent	joy	repent
repent	negative	repent
repent	positive	repent
repent	sadness	repent
repent	surprise	repent
repent	trust	repent
angel	anger	ángel
angel	anticipation	de ángel
angel	disgust	de ángel
angel	fear	de ángel
angel	joy	ángel
angel	negative	de ángel
angel	positive	de ángel
angel	sadness	de ángel
angel	surprise	ángel
angel	trust	de ángel
clipping	anger	clipping
clipping	anticipation	clipping
clipping	disgust	clipping
clipping	fear	clipping
clipping	joy	clipping
clipping	negative	clipping
clipping	positive	clipping
clipping	sadness	clipping
clipping	surprise	clipping
clipping	trust	clipping
impassioned	anger	apasionado
impassioned	anticipation	apasionado
impassioned	disgust	apasionado
impassioned	fear	apasionado
impassioned	joy	apasionado
impassioned	negative	apasionado
impassioned	positive	apasionado
impassioned	sadness	apasionado
impassioned	surprise	apasionado
impassioned	trust	apasionado
adore	anger	adorar
adore	anticipation	adorar
adore	disgust	adorar
adore	fear	adorar
adore	joy	adorar
adore	negative	adorar
adore	positive	adorar
adore	sadness	adorar
adore	surprise	adorar
adore	trust	adorar
whitish	anger	blanquecino
whitish	anticipation	blanquecino
whitish	disgust	blanquecino
whitish	fear	blanquecino
whitish	joy	blanquecino
whitish	negative	blanquecino
whitish	positive	blanquecino
whitish	sadness	guiaje
whitish	surprise	de guiaje
whitish	trust	blanquecino
guidance	anger	blanquecino
guidance	anticipation	blanquecino
guidance	disgust	guiaje
guidance	fear	de guiaje
guidance	joy	de guiaje
guidance	negative	de guiaje
guidance	positive	guiaje
guidance	sadness	de guiaje
guidance	surprise	de guiaje
guidance	trust	de guiaje
anticipatory	anger	anticipatory
anticipatory	anticipation	anticipatory
anticipatory	disgust	anticipatory
anticipatory	fear	anticipatory
anticipatory	joy	anticipatory
anticipatory	negative	anticipatory
anticipatory	positive	anticipatory
anticipatory	sadness	anticipatory
anticipatory	surprise	anticipatory
anticipatory	trust	anticipatory
harshness	anger	harshness
harshness	anticipation	harshness
harshness	disgust	harshness
harshness	fear	harshness
harshness	joy	harshness
harshness	negative	harshness
harshness	positive	harshness
harshness	sadness	harshness
harshness	surprise	harshness
harshness	trust	harshness
jimmy	anger	jimmy
jimmy	anticipation	jimmy
jimmy	disgust	jimmy
jimmy	fear	jimmy
jimmy	joy	jimmy
jimmy	negative	jimmy
jimmy	positive	jimmy
jimmy	sadness	jimmy
jimmy	surprise	jimmy
jimmy	trust	jimmy
reflective	anger	reflectante
reflective	anticipation	reflectante
reflective	disgust	reflectante
reflective	fear	reflectante
reflective	joy	reflectante
reflective	negative	reflectante
reflective	positive	reflectante
reflective	sadness	reflectante
reflective	surprise	reflectante
reflective	trust	reflectante
ameliorate	anger	ameliorate
ameliorate	anticipation	ameliorate
ameliorate	disgust	ameliorate
ameliorate	fear	ameliorate
ameliorate	joy	ameliorate
ameliorate	negative	ameliorate
ameliorate	positive	ameliorate
ameliorate	sadness	ameliorate
ameliorate	surprise	ameliorate
ameliorate	trust	ameliorate
watchman	anger	watchman
watchman	anticipation	watchman
watchman	disgust	watchman
watchman	fear	watchman
watchman	joy	watchman
watchman	negative	watchman
watchman	positive	watchman
watchman	sadness	watchman
watchman	surprise	watchman
watchman	trust	watchman
spruce	anger	spruce
spruce	anticipation	spruce
spruce	disgust	spruce
spruce	fear	spruce
spruce	joy	spruce
spruce	negative	spruce
spruce	positive	spruce
spruce	sadness	spruce
spruce	surprise	spruce
spruce	trust	spruce
troublesome	anger	troublesome
troublesome	anticipation	troublesome
troublesome	disgust	troublesome
troublesome	fear	troublesome
troublesome	joy	troublesome
troublesome	negative	troublesome
troublesome	positive	troublesome
troublesome	sadness	troublesome
troublesome	surprise	troublesome
troublesome	trust	troublesome
calculator	anger	calculadora
calculator	anticipation	de calculadora
calculator	disgust	de calculadora
calculator	fear	de calculadora
calculator	joy	calculadora
calculator	negative	de calculadora
calculator	positive	de calculadora
calculator	sadness	de calculadora
calculator	surprise	calculadora
calculator	trust	de calculadora
venous	anger	venosa
venous	anticipation	venoso
venous	disgust	venoso
venous	fear	venoso
venous	joy	venoso
venous	negative	venoso
venous	positive	venoso
venous	sadness	lealtad
venous	surprise	de lealtad
venous	trust	venosa
loyalty	anger	venosa
loyalty	anticipation	venosa
loyalty	disgust	lealtad
loyalty	fear	de lealtad
loyalty	joy	de lealtad
loyalty	negative	de lealtad
loyalty	positive	lealtad
loyalty	sadness	de lealtad
loyalty	surprise	de lealtad
loyalty	trust	de lealtad
cigar	anger	cigarro
cigar	anticipation	de cigarro
cigar	disgust	de cigarro
cigar	fear	de cigarro
cigar	joy	cigarro
cigar	negative	de cigarro
cigar	positive	de cigarro
cigar	sadness	de cigarro
cigar	surprise	cigarro
cigar	trust	de cigarro
squamous	anger	squamous
squamous	anticipation	squamous
squamous	disgust	squamous
squamous	fear	squamous
squamous	joy	squamous
squamous	negative	squamous
squamous	positive	squamous
squamous	sadness	squamous
squamous	surprise	squamous
squamous	trust	squamous
muster	anger	muster
muster	anticipation	muster
muster	disgust	muster
muster	fear	muster
muster	joy	muster
muster	negative	muster
muster	positive	muster
muster	sadness	muster
muster	surprise	muster
muster	trust	muster
hearing	anger	oyendo
hearing	anticipation	oído
hearing	disgust	de oído
hearing	fear	de oído
hearing	joy	de oído
hearing	negative	oído
hearing	positive	de oído
hearing	sadness	de oído
hearing	surprise	de oído
hearing	trust	oído
gubernatorial	anger	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	anticipation	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	disgust	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	fear	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	joy	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	negative	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	positive	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	sadness	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	surprise	gubernatorial
gubernatorial	trust	gubernatorial
inaccurate	anger	inexacto
inaccurate	anticipation	inexacto
inaccurate	disgust	inexacto
inaccurate	fear	inexacto
inaccurate	joy	inexacto
inaccurate	negative	inexacto
inaccurate	positive	inexacto
inaccurate	sadness	inexacto
inaccurate	surprise	inexacto
inaccurate	trust	inexacto
tome	anger	tome
tome	anticipation	tome
tome	disgust	tome
tome	fear	tome
tome	joy	tome
tome	negative	tome
tome	positive	tome
tome	sadness	tome
tome	surprise	tome
tome	trust	tome
hilarity	anger	hilaridad
hilarity	anticipation	de hilaridad
hilarity	disgust	de hilaridad
hilarity	fear	de hilaridad
hilarity	joy	hilaridad
hilarity	negative	de hilaridad
hilarity	positive	de hilaridad
hilarity	sadness	de hilaridad
hilarity	surprise	bálsamo
hilarity	trust	de bálsamo
balsam	anger	de hilaridad
balsam	anticipation	de hilaridad
balsam	disgust	bálsamo
balsam	fear	de bálsamo
balsam	joy	de bálsamo
balsam	negative	de bálsamo
balsam	positive	bálsamo
balsam	sadness	de bálsamo
balsam	surprise	de bálsamo
balsam	trust	de bálsamo
spank	anger	spank
spank	anticipation	spank
spank	disgust	spank
spank	fear	spank
spank	joy	spank
spank	negative	spank
spank	positive	spank
spank	sadness	spank
spank	surprise	spank
spank	trust	spank
prediction	anger	predicción
prediction	anticipation	de predicción
prediction	disgust	de predicción
prediction	fear	de predicción
prediction	joy	predicción
prediction	negative	de predicción
prediction	positive	de predicción
prediction	sadness	de predicción
prediction	surprise	predicción
prediction	trust	de predicción
inscription	anger	inscription
inscription	anticipation	inscription
inscription	disgust	inscription
inscription	fear	inscription
inscription	joy	inscription
inscription	negative	inscription
inscription	positive	inscription
inscription	sadness	inscription
inscription	surprise	inscription
inscription	trust	inscription
brutal	anger	brutal
brutal	anticipation	brutal
brutal	disgust	brutal
brutal	fear	brutal
brutal	joy	brutal
brutal	negative	brutal
brutal	positive	brutal
brutal	sadness	brutal
brutal	surprise	brutal
brutal	trust	brutal
unconsciousness	anger	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	anticipation	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	disgust	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	fear	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	joy	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	negative	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	positive	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	sadness	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	surprise	unconsciousness
unconsciousness	trust	unconsciousness
opportune	anger	opportune
opportune	anticipation	opportune
opportune	disgust	opportune
opportune	fear	opportune
opportune	joy	opportune
opportune	negative	opportune
opportune	positive	opportune
opportune	sadness	opportune
opportune	surprise	opportune
opportune	trust	opportune
solicit	anger	solicitar
solicit	anticipation	solicitar
solicit	disgust	solicitar
solicit	fear	solicitar
solicit	joy	solicitar
solicit	negative	solicitar
solicit	positive	solicitar
solicit	sadness	solicitar
solicit	surprise	solicitar
solicit	trust	solicitar
ply	anger	chapa
ply	anticipation	de chapa
ply	disgust	de chapa
ply	fear	de chapa
ply	joy	chapa
ply	negative	de chapa
ply	positive	de chapa
ply	sadness	de chapa
ply	surprise	chapa
ply	trust	de chapa
dogged	anger	dogged
dogged	anticipation	dogged
dogged	disgust	dogged
dogged	fear	dogged
dogged	joy	dogged
dogged	negative	dogged
dogged	positive	dogged
dogged	sadness	dogged
dogged	surprise	dogged
dogged	trust	dogged
descendant	anger	descendiente
descendant	anticipation	de descendiente
descendant	disgust	de descendiente
descendant	fear	de descendiente
descendant	joy	descendiente
descendant	negative	de descendiente
descendant	positive	de descendiente
descendant	sadness	de descendiente
descendant	surprise	descendiente
descendant	trust	de descendiente
platter	anger	platter
platter	anticipation	platter
platter	disgust	platter
platter	fear	platter
platter	joy	platter
platter	negative	platter
platter	positive	platter
platter	sadness	platter
platter	surprise	platter
platter	trust	platter
microcosm	anger	microcosm
microcosm	anticipation	microcosm
microcosm	disgust	microcosm
microcosm	fear	microcosm
microcosm	joy	microcosm
microcosm	negative	microcosm
microcosm	positive	microcosm
microcosm	sadness	microcosm
microcosm	surprise	microcosm
microcosm	trust	microcosm
lethargy	anger	letargo
lethargy	anticipation	de letargo
lethargy	disgust	de letargo
lethargy	fear	de letargo
lethargy	joy	letargo
lethargy	negative	de letargo
lethargy	positive	de letargo
lethargy	sadness	de letargo
lethargy	surprise	letargo
lethargy	trust	de letargo
devolve	anger	devolve
devolve	anticipation	devolve
devolve	disgust	devolve
devolve	fear	devolve
devolve	joy	devolve
devolve	negative	devolve
devolve	positive	devolve
devolve	sadness	devolve
devolve	surprise	devolve
devolve	trust	devolve
octagon	anger	octágono
octagon	anticipation	de octágono
octagon	disgust	de octágono
octagon	fear	de octágono
octagon	joy	octágono
octagon	negative	de octágono
octagon	positive	de octágono
octagon	sadness	de octágono
octagon	surprise	pleito
octagon	trust	de pleito
lawsuit	anger	de octágono
lawsuit	anticipation	de octágono
lawsuit	disgust	pleito
lawsuit	fear	de pleito
lawsuit	joy	de pleito
lawsuit	negative	de pleito
lawsuit	positive	pleito
lawsuit	sadness	de pleito
lawsuit	surprise	de pleito
lawsuit	trust	de pleito
prejudiced	anger	perjudicó
prejudiced	anticipation	perjudicado
prejudiced	disgust	perjudicó
prejudiced	fear	perjudicado
prejudiced	joy	perjudicó
prejudiced	negative	perjudicado
prejudiced	positive	perjudicó
prejudiced	sadness	perjudicado
prejudiced	surprise	perjudicó
prejudiced	trust	perjudicado
untamed	anger	untamed
untamed	anticipation	untamed
untamed	disgust	untamed
untamed	fear	untamed
untamed	joy	untamed
untamed	negative	untamed
untamed	positive	untamed
untamed	sadness	untamed
untamed	surprise	untamed
untamed	trust	untamed
stutter	anger	tartamudeo
stutter	anticipation	de tartamudeo
stutter	disgust	de tartamudeo
stutter	fear	de tartamudeo
stutter	joy	tartamudeo
stutter	negative	de tartamudeo
stutter	positive	de tartamudeo
stutter	sadness	de tartamudeo
stutter	surprise	donación
stutter	trust	de donación
donation	anger	de tartamudeo
donation	anticipation	de tartamudeo
donation	disgust	donación
donation	fear	de donación
donation	joy	de donación
donation	negative	de donación
donation	positive	donación
donation	sadness	de donación
donation	surprise	de donación
donation	trust	de donación
protagonist	anger	protagonista
protagonist	anticipation	de protagonista
protagonist	disgust	de protagonista
protagonist	fear	de protagonista
protagonist	joy	protagonista
protagonist	negative	de protagonista
protagonist	positive	de protagonista
protagonist	sadness	de protagonista
protagonist	surprise	dividendo
protagonist	trust	de dividendo
dividend	anger	de protagonista
dividend	anticipation	de protagonista
dividend	disgust	dividendo
dividend	fear	de dividendo
dividend	joy	de dividendo
dividend	negative	de dividendo
dividend	positive	dividendo
dividend	sadness	de dividendo
dividend	surprise	de dividendo
dividend	trust	de dividendo
misnomer	anger	nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	anticipation	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	disgust	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	fear	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	joy	nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	negative	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	positive	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	sadness	de nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	surprise	nombre poco adecuado
misnomer	trust	de nombre poco adecuado
anatomic	anger	anatomic
anatomic	anticipation	anatomic
anatomic	disgust	anatomic
anatomic	fear	anatomic
anatomic	joy	anatomic
anatomic	negative	anatomic
anatomic	positive	anatomic
anatomic	sadness	anatomic
anatomic	surprise	anatomic
anatomic	trust	anatomic
patrimony	anger	patrimony
patrimony	anticipation	patrimony
patrimony	disgust	patrimony
patrimony	fear	patrimony
patrimony	joy	patrimony
patrimony	negative	patrimony
patrimony	positive	patrimony
patrimony	sadness	patrimony
patrimony	surprise	patrimony
patrimony	trust	patrimony
circuit	anger	circuito
circuit	anticipation	de circuito
circuit	disgust	de circuito
circuit	fear	de circuito
circuit	joy	circuito
circuit	negative	de circuito
circuit	positive	de circuito
circuit	sadness	de circuito
circuit	surprise	circuito
circuit	trust	de circuito
refreshing	anger	refreshing
refreshing	anticipation	refreshing
refreshing	disgust	refreshing
refreshing	fear	refreshing
refreshing	joy	refreshing
refreshing	negative	refreshing
refreshing	positive	refreshing
refreshing	sadness	refreshing
refreshing	surprise	refreshing
refreshing	trust	refreshing
ducking	anger	ducking
ducking	anticipation	ducking
ducking	disgust	ducking
ducking	fear	ducking
ducking	joy	ducking
ducking	negative	ducking
ducking	positive	ducking
ducking	sadness	ducking
ducking	surprise	ducking
ducking	trust	ducking
role	anger	función
role	anticipation	de función
role	disgust	de función
role	fear	de función
role	joy	función
role	negative	de función
role	positive	de función
role	sadness	de función
role	surprise	promesa
role	trust	de promesa
promise	anger	de función
promise	anticipation	de función
promise	disgust	promesa
promise	fear	de promesa
promise	joy	de promesa
promise	negative	de promesa
promise	positive	promesa
promise	sadness	de promesa
promise	surprise	de promesa
promise	trust	de promesa
heirloom	anger	heirloom
heirloom	anticipation	heirloom
heirloom	disgust	heirloom
heirloom	fear	heirloom
heirloom	joy	heirloom
heirloom	negative	heirloom
heirloom	positive	heirloom
heirloom	sadness	heirloom
heirloom	surprise	heirloom
heirloom	trust	heirloom
hatchet	anger	hatchet
hatchet	anticipation	hatchet
hatchet	disgust	hatchet
hatchet	fear	hatchet
hatchet	joy	hatchet
hatchet	negative	hatchet
hatchet	positive	hatchet
hatchet	sadness	hatchet
hatchet	surprise	hatchet
hatchet	trust	hatchet
court	anger	tribunal
court	anticipation	de tribunal
court	disgust	de tribunal
court	fear	de tribunal
court	joy	tribunal
court	negative	de tribunal
court	positive	de tribunal
court	sadness	de tribunal
court	surprise	avestruz
court	trust	de avestruz
ostrich	anger	de tribunal
ostrich	anticipation	de tribunal
ostrich	disgust	avestruz
ostrich	fear	de avestruz
ostrich	joy	de avestruz
ostrich	negative	de avestruz
ostrich	positive	avestruz
ostrich	sadness	de avestruz
ostrich	surprise	de avestruz
ostrich	trust	de avestruz
assess	anger	evalúa
assess	anticipation	evaluar
assess	disgust	evaluar
assess	fear	evaluar
assess	joy	evaluar
assess	negative	evaluar
assess	positive	evaluar
assess	sadness	evaluar
assess	surprise	evaluar
assess	trust	evaluar
consternation	anger	consternación
consternation	anticipation	de consternación
consternation	disgust	de consternación
consternation	fear	de consternación
consternation	joy	consternación
consternation	negative	de consternación
consternation	positive	de consternación
consternation	sadness	de consternación
consternation	surprise	alféizar
consternation	trust	de alféizar
parapet	anger	de consternación
parapet	anticipation	de consternación
parapet	disgust	alféizar
parapet	fear	de alféizar
parapet	joy	de alféizar
parapet	negative	de alféizar
parapet	positive	alféizar
parapet	sadness	de alféizar
parapet	surprise	de alféizar
parapet	trust	de alféizar
speedily	anger	speedily
speedily	anticipation	speedily
speedily	disgust	speedily
speedily	fear	speedily
speedily	joy	speedily
speedily	negative	speedily
speedily	positive	speedily
speedily	sadness	speedily
speedily	surprise	speedily
speedily	trust	speedily
nomenclature	anger	nomenclatura
nomenclature	anticipation	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	disgust	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	fear	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	joy	nomenclatura
nomenclature	negative	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	positive	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	sadness	de nomenclatura
nomenclature	surprise	combate
nomenclature	trust	de combate
combat	anger	de nomenclatura
combat	anticipation	de nomenclatura
combat	disgust	combate
combat	fear	de combate
combat	joy	de combate
combat	negative	de combate
combat	positive	combate
combat	sadness	de combate
combat	surprise	de combate
combat	trust	de combate
infiltration	anger	infiltración
infiltration	anticipation	de infiltración
infiltration	disgust	de infiltración
infiltration	fear	de infiltración
infiltration	joy	infiltración
infiltration	negative	de infiltración
infiltration	positive	de infiltración
infiltration	sadness	de infiltración
infiltration	surprise	arqueo
infiltration	trust	de arqueo
tonnage	anger	de infiltración
tonnage	anticipation	de infiltración
tonnage	disgust	arqueo
tonnage	fear	de arqueo
tonnage	joy	de arqueo
tonnage	negative	de arqueo
tonnage	positive	arqueo
tonnage	sadness	de arqueo
tonnage	surprise	de arqueo
tonnage	trust	de arqueo
pencil	anger	lápiz
pencil	anticipation	de lápiz
pencil	disgust	de lápiz
pencil	fear	de lápiz
pencil	joy	lápiz
pencil	negative	de lápiz
pencil	positive	de lápiz
pencil	sadness	de lápiz
pencil	surprise	introspección
pencil	trust	de introspección
introspection	anger	de lápiz
introspection	anticipation	de lápiz
introspection	disgust	introspección
introspection	fear	de introspección
introspection	joy	de introspección
introspection	negative	de introspección
introspection	positive	introspección
introspection	sadness	de introspección
introspection	surprise	de introspección
introspection	trust	de introspección
quicken	anger	quicken
quicken	anticipation	quicken
quicken	disgust	quicken
quicken	fear	quicken
quicken	joy	quicken
quicken	negative	quicken
quicken	positive	quicken
quicken	sadness	quicken
quicken	surprise	quicken
quicken	trust	quicken
perjury	anger	perjurio
perjury	anticipation	de perjurio
perjury	disgust	de perjurio
perjury	fear	de perjurio
perjury	joy	perjurio
perjury	negative	de perjurio
perjury	positive	de perjurio
perjury	sadness	de perjurio
perjury	surprise	boleto
perjury	trust	de boleto
fare	anger	de perjurio
fare	anticipation	de perjurio
fare	disgust	boleto
fare	fear	de boleto
fare	joy	de boleto
fare	negative	de boleto
fare	positive	boleto
fare	sadness	de boleto
fare	surprise	de boleto
fare	trust	de boleto
minor	anger	menor
minor	anticipation	menor
minor	disgust	menor
minor	fear	menor
minor	joy	menor
minor	negative	menor
minor	positive	menor
minor	sadness	menor
minor	surprise	menor
minor	trust	menor
indistinct	anger	indistinct
indistinct	anticipation	indistinct
indistinct	disgust	indistinct
indistinct	fear	indistinct
indistinct	joy	indistinct
indistinct	negative	indistinct
indistinct	positive	indistinct
indistinct	sadness	indistinct
indistinct	surprise	indistinct
indistinct	trust	indistinct
comprise	anger	comprender
comprise	anticipation	comprender
comprise	disgust	comprender
comprise	fear	comprender
comprise	joy	comprender
comprise	negative	comprender
comprise	positive	comprender
comprise	sadness	comprender
comprise	surprise	comprender
comprise	trust	comprender
sleepy	anger	sleepy
sleepy	anticipation	sleepy
sleepy	disgust	sleepy
sleepy	fear	sleepy
sleepy	joy	sleepy
sleepy	negative	sleepy
sleepy	positive	sleepy
sleepy	sadness	sleepy
sleepy	surprise	sleepy
sleepy	trust	sleepy
hypnotized	anger	hypnotized
hypnotized	anticipation	hypnotized
hypnotized	disgust	hypnotized
hypnotized	fear	hypnotized
hypnotized	joy	hypnotized
hypnotized	negative	hypnotized
hypnotized	positive	hypnotized
hypnotized	sadness	hypnotized
hypnotized	surprise	hypnotized
hypnotized	trust	hypnotized
visitation	anger	visitation
visitation	anticipation	visitation
visitation	disgust	visitation
visitation	fear	visitation
visitation	joy	visitation
visitation	negative	visitation
visitation	positive	visitation
visitation	sadness	visitation
visitation	surprise	visitation
visitation	trust	visitation
execute	anger	ejecutar
execute	anticipation	ejecutar
execute	disgust	ejecutar
execute	fear	ejecutar
execute	joy	ejecutar
execute	negative	ejecutar
execute	positive	ejecutar
execute	sadness	ejecutar
execute	surprise	ejecutar
execute	trust	ejecutar
dung	anger	dung
dung	anticipation	dung
dung	disgust	dung
dung	fear	dung
dung	joy	dung
dung	negative	dung
dung	positive	dung
dung	sadness	dung
dung	surprise	dung
dung	trust	dung
sleeve	anger	manga
sleeve	anticipation	de manga
sleeve	disgust	de manga
sleeve	fear	de manga
sleeve	joy	manga
sleeve	negative	de manga
sleeve	positive	de manga
sleeve	sadness	de manga
sleeve	surprise	manga
sleeve	trust	de manga
safeguard	anger	safeguard
safeguard	anticipation	safeguard
safeguard	disgust	safeguard
safeguard	fear	safeguard
safeguard	joy	safeguard
safeguard	negative	safeguard
safeguard	positive	safeguard
safeguard	sadness	safeguard
safeguard	surprise	safeguard
safeguard	trust	safeguard
chinook	anger	chinook
chinook	anticipation	chinook
chinook	disgust	chinook
chinook	fear	chinook
chinook	joy	chinook
chinook	negative	chinook
chinook	positive	chinook
chinook	sadness	chinook
chinook	surprise	chinook
chinook	trust	chinook
greedy	anger	codicioso
greedy	anticipation	codicioso
greedy	disgust	codicioso
greedy	fear	codicioso
greedy	joy	codicioso
greedy	negative	codicioso
greedy	positive	codicioso
greedy	sadness	codicioso
greedy	surprise	codicioso
greedy	trust	codicioso
civilized	anger	civilizó
civilized	anticipation	civilizado
civilized	disgust	civilizó
civilized	fear	civilizado
civilized	joy	civilizó
civilized	negative	civilizado
civilized	positive	civilizó
civilized	sadness	civilizado
civilized	surprise	civilizó
civilized	trust	civilizado
oncologist	anger	oncologist
oncologist	anticipation	oncologist
oncologist	disgust	oncologist
oncologist	fear	oncologist
oncologist	joy	oncologist
oncologist	negative	oncologist
oncologist	positive	oncologist
oncologist	sadness	oncologist
oncologist	surprise	oncologist
oncologist	trust	oncologist
amalgamation	anger	amalgamación
amalgamation	anticipation	de amalgamación
amalgamation	disgust	de amalgamación
amalgamation	fear	de amalgamación
amalgamation	joy	amalgamación
amalgamation	negative	de amalgamación
amalgamation	positive	de amalgamación
amalgamation	sadness	de amalgamación
amalgamation	surprise	liquidez
amalgamation	trust	de liquidez
liquidity	anger	de amalgamación
liquidity	anticipation	de amalgamación
liquidity	disgust	liquidez
liquidity	fear	de liquidez
liquidity	joy	de liquidez
liquidity	negative	de liquidez
liquidity	positive	liquidez
liquidity	sadness	de liquidez
liquidity	surprise	de liquidez
liquidity	trust	de liquidez
seize	anger	coge
seize	anticipation	coger
seize	disgust	coger
seize	fear	coger
seize	joy	coger
seize	negative	coger
seize	positive	coger
seize	sadness	coger
seize	surprise	coger
seize	trust	coger
tropical	anger	tropical
tropical	anticipation	tropical
tropical	disgust	tropical
tropical	fear	tropical
tropical	joy	tropical
tropical	negative	tropical
tropical	positive	tropical
tropical	sadness	supremacía
tropical	surprise	de supremacía
tropical	trust	tropical
supremacy	anger	tropical
supremacy	anticipation	tropical
supremacy	disgust	supremacía
supremacy	fear	de supremacía
supremacy	joy	de supremacía
supremacy	negative	de supremacía
supremacy	positive	supremacía
supremacy	sadness	de supremacía
supremacy	surprise	de supremacía
supremacy	trust	de supremacía
convergent	anger	convergente
convergent	anticipation	convergente
convergent	disgust	convergente
convergent	fear	convergente
convergent	joy	convergente
convergent	negative	convergente
convergent	positive	convergente
convergent	sadness	convergente
convergent	surprise	convergente
convergent	trust	convergente
aiding	anger	aiding
aiding	anticipation	aiding
aiding	disgust	aiding
aiding	fear	aiding
aiding	joy	aiding
aiding	negative	aiding
aiding	positive	aiding
aiding	sadness	aiding
aiding	surprise	aiding
aiding	trust	aiding
intimidation	anger	intimidación
intimidation	anticipation	de intimidación
intimidation	disgust	de intimidación
intimidation	fear	de intimidación
intimidation	joy	intimidación
intimidation	negative	de intimidación
intimidation	positive	de intimidación
intimidation	sadness	de intimidación
intimidation	surprise	intimidación
intimidation	trust	de intimidación
appurtenances	anger	appurtenances
appurtenances	anticipation	appurtenances
appurtenances	disgust	appurtenances
appurtenances	fear	appurtenances
appurtenances	joy	appurtenances
appurtenances	negative	appurtenances
appurtenances	positive	appurtenances
appurtenances	sadness	appurtenances
appurtenances	surprise	appurtenances
appurtenances	trust	appurtenances
thermostat	anger	termostato
thermostat	anticipation	de termostato
thermostat	disgust	de termostato
thermostat	fear	de termostato
thermostat	joy	termostato
thermostat	negative	de termostato
thermostat	positive	de termostato
thermostat	sadness	de termostato
thermostat	surprise	remordimiento
thermostat	trust	de remordimiento
remorse	anger	de termostato
remorse	anticipation	de termostato
remorse	disgust	remordimiento
remorse	fear	de remordimiento
remorse	joy	de remordimiento
remorse	negative	de remordimiento
remorse	positive	remordimiento
remorse	sadness	de remordimiento
remorse	surprise	de remordimiento
remorse	trust	de remordimiento
monarch	anger	monarca
monarch	anticipation	de monarca
monarch	disgust	de monarca
monarch	fear	de monarca
monarch	joy	monarca
monarch	negative	de monarca
monarch	positive	de monarca
monarch	sadness	de monarca
monarch	surprise	monarca
monarch	trust	de monarca
quartered	anger	acuarteló
quartered	anticipation	acuartelado
quartered	disgust	acuarteló
quartered	fear	acuartelado
quartered	joy	acuarteló
quartered	negative	acuartelado
quartered	positive	acuarteló
quartered	sadness	acuartelado
quartered	surprise	acuarteló
quartered	trust	toalla
towel	anger	de toalla
towel	anticipation	de toalla
towel	disgust	acuartelada
towel	fear	toalla
towel	joy	de toalla
towel	negative	de toalla
towel	positive	de toalla
towel	sadness	toalla
towel	surprise	de toalla
towel	trust	de la toalla
caudal	anger	caudal
caudal	anticipation	caudal
caudal	disgust	caudal
caudal	fear	caudal
caudal	joy	caudal
caudal	negative	caudal
caudal	positive	caudal
caudal	sadness	caudal
caudal	surprise	caudal
caudal	trust	caudal
filly	anger	filly
filly	anticipation	filly
filly	disgust	filly
filly	fear	filly
filly	joy	filly
filly	negative	filly
filly	positive	filly
filly	sadness	filly
filly	surprise	filly
filly	trust	filly
stock	anger	accionario
stock	anticipation	accionario
stock	disgust	accionario
stock	fear	accionario
stock	joy	accionario
stock	negative	accionario
stock	positive	accionario
stock	sadness	identificación
stock	surprise	de identificación
stock	trust	accionaria
identification	anger	accionaria
identification	anticipation	accionaria
identification	disgust	identificación
identification	fear	de identificación
identification	joy	de identificación
identification	negative	de identificación
identification	positive	identificación
identification	sadness	de identificación
identification	surprise	de identificación
identification	trust	de identificación
melancholy	anger	melancholy
melancholy	anticipation	melancholy
melancholy	disgust	melancholy
melancholy	fear	melancholy
melancholy	joy	melancholy
melancholy	negative	melancholy
melancholy	positive	melancholy
melancholy	sadness	melancholy
melancholy	surprise	melancholy
melancholy	trust	melancholy
reality	anger	realidad
reality	anticipation	de realidad
reality	disgust	de realidad
reality	fear	de realidad
reality	joy	realidad
reality	negative	de realidad
reality	positive	de realidad
reality	sadness	de realidad
reality	surprise	realidad
reality	trust	de realidad
harmonica	anger	harmonica
harmonica	anticipation	harmonica
harmonica	disgust	harmonica
harmonica	fear	harmonica
harmonica	joy	harmonica
harmonica	negative	harmonica
harmonica	positive	harmonica
harmonica	sadness	harmonica
harmonica	surprise	harmonica
harmonica	trust	harmonica
penetrating	anger	penetrando
penetrating	anticipation	penetrante
penetrating	disgust	penetrante
penetrating	fear	penetrante
penetrating	joy	penetrante
penetrating	negative	penetrante
penetrating	positive	penetrante
penetrating	sadness	penetrante
penetrating	surprise	penetrante
penetrating	trust	penetrante
overstate	anger	overstate
overstate	anticipation	overstate
overstate	disgust	overstate
overstate	fear	overstate
overstate	joy	overstate
overstate	negative	overstate
overstate	positive	overstate
overstate	sadness	overstate
overstate	surprise	overstate
overstate	trust	overstate
half	anger	medio
half	anticipation	medio
half	disgust	medio
half	fear	medio
half	joy	medio
half	negative	medio
half	positive	medio
half	sadness	progresión
half	surprise	de progresión
half	trust	media
progression	anger	media
progression	anticipation	media
progression	disgust	progresión
progression	fear	de progresión
progression	joy	de progresión
progression	negative	de progresión
progression	positive	progresión
progression	sadness	de progresión
progression	surprise	de progresión
progression	trust	de progresión
efficient	anger	eficaz
efficient	anticipation	eficaz
efficient	disgust	eficaz
efficient	fear	eficaz
efficient	joy	eficaz
efficient	negative	eficaz
efficient	positive	eficaz
efficient	sadness	eficaz
efficient	surprise	eficaz
efficient	trust	eficaz
close	anger	cercano
close	anticipation	cercano
close	disgust	cercano
close	fear	cercano
close	joy	cercano
close	negative	cercano
close	positive	cercano
close	sadness	cercano
close	surprise	cercano
close	trust	cercano
weave	anger	tramar
weave	anticipation	tramar
weave	disgust	tramar
weave	fear	tramar
weave	joy	tramar
weave	negative	tramar
weave	positive	tramar
weave	sadness	tramar
weave	surprise	tramar
weave	trust	tramar
thimble	anger	dedal
thimble	anticipation	de dedal
thimble	disgust	de dedal
thimble	fear	de dedal
thimble	joy	dedal
thimble	negative	de dedal
thimble	positive	de dedal
thimble	sadness	de dedal
thimble	surprise	dedal
thimble	trust	de dedal
stairway	anger	stairway
stairway	anticipation	stairway
stairway	disgust	stairway
stairway	fear	stairway
stairway	joy	stairway
stairway	negative	stairway
stairway	positive	stairway
stairway	sadness	stairway
stairway	surprise	stairway
stairway	trust	stairway
cipher	anger	cipher
cipher	anticipation	cipher
cipher	disgust	cipher
cipher	fear	cipher
cipher	joy	cipher
cipher	negative	cipher
cipher	positive	cipher
cipher	sadness	cipher
cipher	surprise	cipher
cipher	trust	cipher
implacable	anger	implacable
implacable	anticipation	implacable
implacable	disgust	implacable
implacable	fear	implacable
implacable	joy	implacable
implacable	negative	implacable
implacable	positive	implacable
implacable	sadness	implacable
implacable	surprise	implacable
implacable	trust	implacable
semen	anger	semen
semen	anticipation	de semen
semen	disgust	de semen
semen	fear	de semen
semen	joy	semen
semen	negative	de semen
semen	positive	de semen
semen	sadness	de semen
semen	surprise	auspicios
semen	trust	de auspicios
auspices	anger	de semen
auspices	anticipation	de semen
auspices	disgust	auspicios
auspices	fear	de auspicios
auspices	joy	de auspicios
auspices	negative	de auspicios
auspices	positive	auspicios
auspices	sadness	de auspicios
auspices	surprise	de auspicios
auspices	trust	de auspicios
khan	anger	khan
khan	anticipation	khan
khan	disgust	khan
khan	fear	khan
khan	joy	khan
khan	negative	khan
khan	positive	khan
khan	sadness	khan
khan	surprise	khan
khan	trust	khan
periodicity	anger	periodicidad
periodicity	anticipation	de periodicidad
periodicity	disgust	de periodicidad
periodicity	fear	de periodicidad
periodicity	joy	periodicidad
periodicity	negative	de periodicidad
periodicity	positive	de periodicidad
periodicity	sadness	de periodicidad
periodicity	surprise	periodicidad
periodicity	trust	de periodicidad
freakish	anger	freakish
freakish	anticipation	freakish
freakish	disgust	freakish
freakish	fear	freakish
freakish	joy	freakish
freakish	negative	freakish
freakish	positive	freakish
freakish	sadness	freakish
freakish	surprise	freakish
freakish	trust	freakish
assault	anger	agresión
assault	anticipation	de agresión
assault	disgust	de agresión
assault	fear	de agresión
assault	joy	agresión
assault	negative	de agresión
assault	positive	de agresión
assault	sadness	de agresión
assault	surprise	agresión
assault	trust	de agresión
precocious	anger	precoz
precocious	anticipation	precoz
precocious	disgust	precoz
precocious	fear	precoz
precocious	joy	precoz
precocious	negative	precoz
precocious	positive	precoz
precocious	sadness	bloque
precocious	surprise	de bloque
precocious	trust	precoz
block	anger	precoz
block	anticipation	precoz
block	disgust	bloque
block	fear	de bloque
block	joy	de bloque
block	negative	de bloque
block	positive	bloque
block	sadness	de bloque
block	surprise	de bloque
block	trust	de bloque
thunderbolt	anger	rayo
thunderbolt	anticipation	de rayo
thunderbolt	disgust	de rayo
thunderbolt	fear	de rayo
thunderbolt	joy	rayo
thunderbolt	negative	de rayo
thunderbolt	positive	de rayo
thunderbolt	sadness	de rayo
thunderbolt	surprise	rayo
thunderbolt	trust	de rayo
extinct	anger	extinto
extinct	anticipation	extinto
extinct	disgust	extinto
extinct	fear	extinto
extinct	joy	extinto
extinct	negative	extinto
extinct	positive	extinto
extinct	sadness	extinto
extinct	surprise	extinto
extinct	trust	extinto
naturalized	anger	naturalizó
naturalized	anticipation	naturalizado
naturalized	disgust	naturalizó
naturalized	fear	naturalizado
naturalized	joy	naturalizó
naturalized	negative	naturalizado
naturalized	positive	naturalizó
naturalized	sadness	naturalizado
naturalized	surprise	naturalizó
naturalized	trust	naturalizado
vibrate	anger	vibrar
vibrate	anticipation	vibrar
vibrate	disgust	vibrar
vibrate	fear	vibrar
vibrate	joy	vibrar
vibrate	negative	vibrar
vibrate	positive	vibrar
vibrate	sadness	vibrar
vibrate	surprise	vibrar
vibrate	trust	vibrar
grow	anger	crecer
grow	anticipation	crecer
grow	disgust	crecer
grow	fear	crecer
grow	joy	crecer
grow	negative	crecer
grow	positive	crecer
grow	sadness	crecer
grow	surprise	crecer
grow	trust	crecer
educate	anger	educar
educate	anticipation	educar
educate	disgust	educar
educate	fear	educar
educate	joy	educar
educate	negative	educar
educate	positive	educar
educate	sadness	educar
educate	surprise	educar
educate	trust	educar
double	anger	doble
double	anticipation	doble
double	disgust	doble
double	fear	doble
double	joy	doble
double	negative	doble
double	positive	doble
double	sadness	doble
double	surprise	doble
double	trust	doble
battlefield	anger	battlefield
battlefield	anticipation	battlefield
battlefield	disgust	battlefield
battlefield	fear	battlefield
battlefield	joy	battlefield
battlefield	negative	battlefield
battlefield	positive	battlefield
battlefield	sadness	battlefield
battlefield	surprise	battlefield
battlefield	trust	battlefield
disgraced	anger	disgraced
disgraced	anticipation	disgraced
disgraced	disgust	disgraced
disgraced	fear	disgraced
disgraced	joy	disgraced
disgraced	negative	disgraced
disgraced	positive	disgraced
disgraced	sadness	disgraced
disgraced	surprise	disgraced
disgraced	trust	disgraced
unusually	anger	inusualmente
unusually	anticipation	inusualmente
unusually	disgust	inusualmente
unusually	fear	inusualmente
unusually	joy	inusualmente
unusually	negative	inusualmente
unusually	positive	inusualmente
unusually	sadness	inusualmente
unusually	surprise	inusualmente
unusually	trust	inusualmente
needy	anger	necesitado
needy	anticipation	necesitado
needy	disgust	necesitado
needy	fear	necesitado
needy	joy	necesitado
needy	negative	necesitado
needy	positive	necesitado
needy	sadness	guiño
needy	surprise	de guiño
needy	trust	necesitado
wink	anger	necesitado
wink	anticipation	necesitado
wink	disgust	guiño
wink	fear	de guiño
wink	joy	de guiño
wink	negative	de guiño
wink	positive	guiño
wink	sadness	de guiño
wink	surprise	de guiño
wink	trust	de guiño
sum	anger	suma
sum	anticipation	de suma
sum	disgust	de suma
sum	fear	de suma
sum	joy	suma
sum	negative	de suma
sum	positive	de suma
sum	sadness	de suma
sum	surprise	realismo
sum	trust	de realismo
realism	anger	de suma
realism	anticipation	de suma
realism	disgust	realismo
realism	fear	de realismo
realism	joy	de realismo
realism	negative	de realismo
realism	positive	realismo
realism	sadness	de realismo
realism	surprise	de realismo
realism	trust	de realismo
pendulum	anger	péndulo
pendulum	anticipation	de péndulo
pendulum	disgust	de péndulo
pendulum	fear	de péndulo
pendulum	joy	péndulo
pendulum	negative	de péndulo
pendulum	positive	de péndulo
pendulum	sadness	de péndulo
pendulum	surprise	péndulo
pendulum	trust	de péndulo
confidential	anger	confidencial
confidential	anticipation	confidencial
confidential	disgust	confidencial
confidential	fear	confidencial
confidential	joy	confidencial
confidential	negative	confidencial
confidential	positive	confidencial
confidential	sadness	confidencial
confidential	surprise	confidencial
confidential	trust	confidencial
tolerant	anger	tolerant
tolerant	anticipation	tolerant
tolerant	disgust	tolerant
tolerant	fear	tolerant
tolerant	joy	tolerant
tolerant	negative	tolerant
tolerant	positive	tolerant
tolerant	sadness	tolerant
tolerant	surprise	tolerant
tolerant	trust	tolerant
remnant	anger	resto
remnant	anticipation	de resto
remnant	disgust	de resto
remnant	fear	de resto
remnant	joy	resto
remnant	negative	de resto
remnant	positive	de resto
remnant	sadness	de resto
remnant	surprise	resto
remnant	trust	de resto
curt	anger	curt
curt	anticipation	curt
curt	disgust	curt
curt	fear	curt
curt	joy	curt
curt	negative	curt
curt	positive	curt
curt	sadness	curt
curt	surprise	curt
curt	trust	curt
violin	anger	violín
violin	anticipation	de violín
violin	disgust	de violín
violin	fear	de violín
violin	joy	violín
violin	negative	de violín
violin	positive	de violín
violin	sadness	de violín
violin	surprise	centímetro
violin	trust	de centímetro
centimeter	anger	de violín
centimeter	anticipation	de violín
centimeter	disgust	centímetro
centimeter	fear	de centímetro
centimeter	joy	de centímetro
centimeter	negative	de centímetro
centimeter	positive	centímetro
centimeter	sadness	de centímetro
centimeter	surprise	de centímetro
centimeter	trust	de centímetro
output	anger	producción
output	anticipation	de producción
output	disgust	de producción
output	fear	de producción
output	joy	producción
output	negative	de producción
output	positive	de producción
output	sadness	de producción
output	surprise	mitología
output	trust	de mitología
mythology	anger	de producción
mythology	anticipation	de producción
mythology	disgust	mitología
mythology	fear	de mitología
mythology	joy	de mitología
mythology	negative	de mitología
mythology	positive	mitología
mythology	sadness	de mitología
mythology	surprise	de mitología
mythology	trust	de mitología
respiration	anger	respiración
respiration	anticipation	de respiración
respiration	disgust	de respiración
respiration	fear	de respiración
respiration	joy	respiración
respiration	negative	de respiración
respiration	positive	de respiración
respiration	sadness	de respiración
respiration	surprise	colon
respiration	trust	de colon
colon	anger	de respiración
colon	anticipation	de respiración
colon	disgust	colon
colon	fear	de colon
colon	joy	de colon
colon	negative	de colon
colon	positive	colon
colon	sadness	de colon
colon	surprise	de colon
colon	trust	de colon
muscle	anger	músculo
muscle	anticipation	de músculo
muscle	disgust	de músculo
muscle	fear	de músculo
muscle	joy	músculo
muscle	negative	de músculo
muscle	positive	de músculo
muscle	sadness	de músculo
muscle	surprise	músculo
muscle	trust	de músculo
haughty	anger	altivo
haughty	anticipation	altivo
haughty	disgust	altivo
haughty	fear	altivo
haughty	joy	altivo
haughty	negative	altivo
haughty	positive	altivo
haughty	sadness	altivo
haughty	surprise	altivo
haughty	trust	altivo
compactness	anger	compactness
compactness	anticipation	compactness
compactness	disgust	compactness
compactness	fear	compactness
compactness	joy	compactness
compactness	negative	compactness
compactness	positive	compactness
compactness	sadness	compactness
compactness	surprise	compactness
compactness	trust	compactness
detector	anger	detector
detector	anticipation	de detector
detector	disgust	de detector
detector	fear	de detector
detector	joy	detector
detector	negative	de detector
detector	positive	de detector
detector	sadness	de detector
detector	surprise	detector
detector	trust	de detector
incorrect	anger	incorrect
incorrect	anticipation	incorrect
incorrect	disgust	incorrect
incorrect	fear	incorrect
incorrect	joy	incorrect
incorrect	negative	incorrect
incorrect	positive	incorrect
incorrect	sadness	incorrect
incorrect	surprise	incorrect
incorrect	trust	incorrect
engulf	anger	engulf
engulf	anticipation	engulf
engulf	disgust	engulf
engulf	fear	engulf
engulf	joy	engulf
engulf	negative	engulf
engulf	positive	engulf
engulf	sadness	engulf
engulf	surprise	engulf
engulf	trust	engulf
respectful	anger	respetuoso
respectful	anticipation	respetuoso
respectful	disgust	respetuoso
respectful	fear	respetuoso
respectful	joy	respetuoso
respectful	negative	respetuoso
respectful	positive	respetuoso
respectful	sadness	respetuoso
respectful	surprise	respetuoso
respectful	trust	respetuoso
minimum	anger	mínimo
minimum	anticipation	mínimo
minimum	disgust	mínimo
minimum	fear	mínimo
minimum	joy	mínimo
minimum	negative	mínimo
minimum	positive	mínimo
minimum	sadness	mínimo
minimum	surprise	mínimo
minimum	trust	mínimo
handiwork	anger	handiwork
handiwork	anticipation	handiwork
handiwork	disgust	handiwork
handiwork	fear	handiwork
handiwork	joy	handiwork
handiwork	negative	handiwork
handiwork	positive	handiwork
handiwork	sadness	handiwork
handiwork	surprise	handiwork
handiwork	trust	handiwork
impeach	anger	impeach
impeach	anticipation	impeach
impeach	disgust	impeach
impeach	fear	impeach
impeach	joy	impeach
impeach	negative	impeach
impeach	positive	impeach
impeach	sadness	impeach
impeach	surprise	impeach
impeach	trust	impeach
vindicated	anger	vindicated
vindicated	anticipation	vindicated
vindicated	disgust	vindicated
vindicated	fear	vindicated
vindicated	joy	vindicated
vindicated	negative	vindicated
vindicated	positive	vindicated
vindicated	sadness	vindicated
vindicated	surprise	vindicated
vindicated	trust	vindicated
mission	anger	misión
mission	anticipation	de misión
mission	disgust	de misión
mission	fear	de misión
mission	joy	misión
mission	negative	de misión
mission	positive	de misión
mission	sadness	de misión
mission	surprise	misión
mission	trust	de misión
blushing	anger	blushing
blushing	anticipation	blushing
blushing	disgust	blushing
blushing	fear	blushing
blushing	joy	blushing
blushing	negative	blushing
blushing	positive	blushing
blushing	sadness	blushing
blushing	surprise	blushing
blushing	trust	blushing
find	anger	encontrar
find	anticipation	encontrar
find	disgust	encontrar
find	fear	encontrar
find	joy	encontrar
find	negative	encontrar
find	positive	encontrar
find	sadness	encontrar
find	surprise	encontrar
find	trust	encontrar
edit	anger	editar
edit	anticipation	editar
edit	disgust	editar
edit	fear	editar
edit	joy	editar
edit	negative	editar
edit	positive	editar
edit	sadness	editar
edit	surprise	editar
edit	trust	editar
crushed	anger	aplastado
crushed	anticipation	aplastó
crushed	disgust	aplastado
crushed	fear	aplastó
crushed	joy	aplastado
crushed	negative	aplastó
crushed	positive	aplastó
crushed	sadness	aplastado
crushed	surprise	aplastó
crushed	trust	variedad
array	anger	de variedad
array	anticipation	de variedad
array	disgust	aplastada
array	fear	variedad
array	joy	de variedad
array	negative	de variedad
array	positive	de variedad
array	sadness	variedad
array	surprise	de variedad
array	trust	de la variedad
masterpiece	anger	masterpiece
masterpiece	anticipation	masterpiece
masterpiece	disgust	masterpiece
masterpiece	fear	masterpiece
masterpiece	joy	masterpiece
masterpiece	negative	masterpiece
masterpiece	positive	masterpiece
masterpiece	sadness	masterpiece
masterpiece	surprise	masterpiece
masterpiece	trust	masterpiece
bookstore	anger	librería
bookstore	anticipation	de librería
bookstore	disgust	de librería
bookstore	fear	de librería
bookstore	joy	librería
bookstore	negative	de librería
bookstore	positive	de librería
bookstore	sadness	de librería
bookstore	surprise	náusea
bookstore	trust	de náusea
nausea	anger	de librería
nausea	anticipation	de librería
nausea	disgust	náusea
nausea	fear	de náusea
nausea	joy	de náusea
nausea	negative	de náusea
nausea	positive	náusea
nausea	sadness	de náusea
nausea	surprise	de náusea
nausea	trust	de náusea
foresee	anger	prevé
foresee	anticipation	prever
foresee	disgust	prever
foresee	fear	prever
foresee	joy	prever
foresee	negative	prever
foresee	positive	prever
foresee	sadness	prever
foresee	surprise	prever
foresee	trust	prever
restraint	anger	restricción
restraint	anticipation	de restricción
restraint	disgust	de restricción
restraint	fear	de restricción
restraint	joy	restricción
restraint	negative	de restricción
restraint	positive	de restricción
restraint	sadness	de restricción
restraint	surprise	restricción
restraint	trust	de restricción
calico	anger	calico
calico	anticipation	calico
calico	disgust	calico
calico	fear	calico
calico	joy	calico
calico	negative	calico
calico	positive	calico
calico	sadness	calico
calico	surprise	calico
calico	trust	calico
declination	anger	declinación
declination	anticipation	de declinación
declination	disgust	de declinación
declination	fear	de declinación
declination	joy	declinación
declination	negative	de declinación
declination	positive	de declinación
declination	sadness	de declinación
declination	surprise	declinación
declination	trust	de declinación
prepare	anger	prepara
prepare	anticipation	preparar
prepare	disgust	preparar
prepare	fear	preparar
prepare	joy	preparar
prepare	negative	preparar
prepare	positive	preparar
prepare	sadness	preparar
prepare	surprise	preparar
prepare	trust	preparar
bountiful	anger	bountiful
bountiful	anticipation	bountiful
bountiful	disgust	bountiful
bountiful	fear	bountiful
bountiful	joy	bountiful
bountiful	negative	bountiful
bountiful	positive	bountiful
bountiful	sadness	bountiful
bountiful	surprise	bountiful
bountiful	trust	bountiful
decision	anger	decisión
decision	anticipation	de decisión
decision	disgust	de decisión
decision	fear	de decisión
decision	joy	decisión
decision	negative	de decisión
decision	positive	de decisión
decision	sadness	de decisión
decision	surprise	decisión
decision	trust	de decisión
summarily	anger	summarily
summarily	anticipation	summarily
summarily	disgust	summarily
summarily	fear	summarily
summarily	joy	summarily
summarily	negative	summarily
summarily	positive	summarily
summarily	sadness	summarily
summarily	surprise	summarily
summarily	trust	summarily
gnat	anger	gnat
gnat	anticipation	gnat
gnat	disgust	gnat
gnat	fear	gnat
gnat	joy	gnat
gnat	negative	gnat
gnat	positive	gnat
gnat	sadness	gnat
gnat	surprise	gnat
gnat	trust	gnat
mimicry	anger	mimicry
mimicry	anticipation	mimicry
mimicry	disgust	mimicry
mimicry	fear	mimicry
mimicry	joy	mimicry
mimicry	negative	mimicry
mimicry	positive	mimicry
mimicry	sadness	mimicry
mimicry	surprise	mimicry
mimicry	trust	mimicry
allowed	anger	dejó
allowed	anticipation	dejado
allowed	disgust	dejó
allowed	fear	dejado
allowed	joy	dejó
allowed	negative	dejado
allowed	positive	dejó
allowed	sadness	dejado
allowed	surprise	dejó
allowed	trust	dejado
brunette	anger	brunette
brunette	anticipation	brunette
brunette	disgust	brunette
brunette	fear	brunette
brunette	joy	brunette
brunette	negative	brunette
brunette	positive	brunette
brunette	sadness	brunette
brunette	surprise	brunette
brunette	trust	brunette
site	anger	sitio
site	anticipation	de sitio
site	disgust	de sitio
site	fear	de sitio
site	joy	sitio
site	negative	de sitio
site	positive	de sitio
site	sadness	de sitio
site	surprise	sitio
site	trust	de sitio
rabid	anger	rabid
rabid	anticipation	rabid
rabid	disgust	rabid
rabid	fear	rabid
rabid	joy	rabid
rabid	negative	rabid
rabid	positive	rabid
rabid	sadness	rabid
rabid	surprise	rabid
rabid	trust	rabid
gallery	anger	galería
gallery	anticipation	de galería
gallery	disgust	de galería
gallery	fear	de galería
gallery	joy	galería
gallery	negative	de galería
gallery	positive	de galería
gallery	sadness	de galería
gallery	surprise	galería
gallery	trust	de galería
recalcitrant	anger	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	anticipation	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	disgust	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	fear	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	joy	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	negative	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	positive	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	sadness	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	surprise	recalcitrant
recalcitrant	trust	recalcitrant
year	anger	año
year	anticipation	de año
year	disgust	de año
year	fear	de año
year	joy	año
year	negative	de año
year	positive	de año
year	sadness	de año
year	surprise	institución
year	trust	de institución
institution	anger	de año
institution	anticipation	de año
institution	disgust	institución
institution	fear	de institución
institution	joy	de institución
institution	negative	de institución
institution	positive	institución
institution	sadness	de institución
institution	surprise	de institución
institution	trust	de institución
barrister	anger	barrister
barrister	anticipation	barrister
barrister	disgust	barrister
barrister	fear	barrister
barrister	joy	barrister
barrister	negative	barrister
barrister	positive	barrister
barrister	sadness	barrister
barrister	surprise	barrister
barrister	trust	barrister
supposition	anger	suposición
supposition	anticipation	de suposición
supposition	disgust	de suposición
supposition	fear	de suposición
supposition	joy	suposición
supposition	negative	de suposición
supposition	positive	de suposición
supposition	sadness	de suposición
supposition	surprise	barbacoa
supposition	trust	de barbacoa
barbecue	anger	de suposición
barbecue	anticipation	de suposición
barbecue	disgust	barbacoa
barbecue	fear	de barbacoa
barbecue	joy	de barbacoa
barbecue	negative	de barbacoa
barbecue	positive	barbacoa
barbecue	sadness	de barbacoa
barbecue	surprise	de barbacoa
barbecue	trust	de barbacoa
amends	anger	enmienda
amends	anticipation	enmienda
amends	disgust	enmienda
amends	fear	enmienda
amends	joy	enmienda
amends	negative	enmienda
amends	positive	enmienda
amends	sadness	enmienda
amends	surprise	enmienda
amends	trust	enmienda
net	anger	neto
net	anticipation	neto
net	disgust	neto
net	fear	neto
net	joy	neto
net	negative	neto
net	positive	red
net	sadness	neta
net	surprise	neta
net	trust	neta
strobe	anger	strobe
strobe	anticipation	strobe
strobe	disgust	strobe
strobe	fear	strobe
strobe	joy	strobe
strobe	negative	strobe
strobe	positive	strobe
strobe	sadness	strobe
strobe	surprise	strobe
strobe	trust	strobe
embarrassment	anger	vergüenza
embarrassment	anticipation	de vergüenza
embarrassment	disgust	de vergüenza
embarrassment	fear	de vergüenza
embarrassment	joy	vergüenza
embarrassment	negative	de vergüenza
embarrassment	positive	de vergüenza
embarrassment	sadness	de vergüenza
embarrassment	surprise	vergüenza
embarrassment	trust	de vergüenza
ilk	anger	ilk
ilk	anticipation	ilk
ilk	disgust	ilk
ilk	fear	ilk
ilk	joy	ilk
ilk	negative	ilk
ilk	positive	ilk
ilk	sadness	ilk
ilk	surprise	ilk
ilk	trust	ilk
retentive	anger	retentive
retentive	anticipation	retentive
retentive	disgust	retentive
retentive	fear	retentive
retentive	joy	retentive
retentive	negative	retentive
retentive	positive	retentive
retentive	sadness	retentive
retentive	surprise	retentive
retentive	trust	retentive
preventive	anger	preventivo
preventive	anticipation	preventivo
preventive	disgust	preventivo
preventive	fear	preventivo
preventive	joy	preventivo
preventive	negative	preventivo
preventive	positive	preventivo
preventive	sadness	preventivo
preventive	surprise	preventivo
preventive	trust	preventivo
superb	anger	magnífico
superb	anticipation	magnífico
superb	disgust	magnífico
superb	fear	magnífico
superb	joy	magnífico
superb	negative	magnífico
superb	positive	magnífico
superb	sadness	magnífico
superb	surprise	magnífico
superb	trust	magnífico
armored	anger	blindado
armored	anticipation	blindado
armored	disgust	blindado
armored	fear	blindado
armored	joy	blindado
armored	negative	blindado
armored	positive	blindado
armored	sadness	laboratorio
armored	surprise	de laboratorio
armored	trust	blindado
laboratory	anger	blindado
laboratory	anticipation	blindado
laboratory	disgust	laboratorio
laboratory	fear	de laboratorio
laboratory	joy	de laboratorio
laboratory	negative	de laboratorio
laboratory	positive	laboratorio
laboratory	sadness	de laboratorio
laboratory	surprise	de laboratorio
laboratory	trust	de laboratorio
pocketbook	anger	pocketbook
pocketbook	anticipation	pocketbook
pocketbook	disgust	pocketbook
pocketbook	fear	pocketbook
pocketbook	joy	pocketbook
pocketbook	negative	pocketbook
pocketbook	positive	pocketbook
pocketbook	sadness	pocketbook
pocketbook	surprise	pocketbook
pocketbook	trust	pocketbook
shadow	anger	sombra
shadow	anticipation	de sombra
shadow	disgust	de sombra
shadow	fear	de sombra
shadow	joy	sombra
shadow	negative	de sombra
shadow	positive	de sombra
shadow	sadness	de sombra
shadow	surprise	sombra
shadow	trust	de sombra
delighted	anger	encantada
delighted	anticipation	encantado
delighted	disgust	encantado
delighted	fear	encantado
delighted	joy	encantado
delighted	negative	encantado
delighted	positive	encantado
delighted	sadness	encantado
delighted	surprise	encantado
delighted	trust	encantado
cemented	anger	cemented
cemented	anticipation	cemented
cemented	disgust	cemented
cemented	fear	cemented
cemented	joy	cemented
cemented	negative	cemented
cemented	positive	cemented
cemented	sadness	cemented
cemented	surprise	cemented
cemented	trust	cemented
sisterhood	anger	hermandad
sisterhood	anticipation	de hermandad
sisterhood	disgust	de hermandad
sisterhood	fear	de hermandad
sisterhood	joy	hermandad
sisterhood	negative	de hermandad
sisterhood	positive	de hermandad
sisterhood	sadness	de hermandad
sisterhood	surprise	hermandad
sisterhood	trust	de hermandad
finch	anger	finch
finch	anticipation	finch
finch	disgust	finch
finch	fear	finch
finch	joy	finch
finch	negative	finch
finch	positive	finch
finch	sadness	finch
finch	surprise	finch
finch	trust	finch
compress	anger	comprimir
compress	anticipation	comprimir
compress	disgust	comprimir
compress	fear	comprimir
compress	joy	comprimir
compress	negative	comprimir
compress	positive	comprimir
compress	sadness	comprimir
compress	surprise	comprimir
compress	trust	comprimir
phraseology	anger	fraseología
phraseology	anticipation	de fraseología
phraseology	disgust	de fraseología
phraseology	fear	de fraseología
phraseology	joy	fraseología
phraseology	negative	de fraseología
phraseology	positive	de fraseología
phraseology	sadness	de fraseología
phraseology	surprise	comedia
phraseology	trust	de comedia
comedy	anger	de fraseología
comedy	anticipation	de fraseología
comedy	disgust	comedia
comedy	fear	de comedia
comedy	joy	de comedia
comedy	negative	de comedia
comedy	positive	comedia
comedy	sadness	de comedia
comedy	surprise	de comedia
comedy	trust	de comedia que
threatening	anger	acecha
threatening	anticipation	amenazante
threatening	disgust	amenazante
threatening	fear	amenazante
threatening	joy	amenazante
threatening	negative	amenazante
threatening	positive	amenazante
threatening	sadness	influenza
threatening	surprise	de influenza
threatening	trust	amenazante
influenza	anger	amenazante
influenza	anticipation	amenazante
influenza	disgust	influenza
influenza	fear	de influenza
influenza	joy	de influenza
influenza	negative	de influenza
influenza	positive	influenza
influenza	sadness	de influenza
influenza	surprise	de influenza
influenza	trust	de influenza
gastric	anger	gástrica
gastric	anticipation	gástrico
gastric	disgust	gástrico
gastric	fear	gástrico
gastric	joy	gástrico
gastric	negative	gástrico
gastric	positive	gástrico
gastric	sadness	gástrico
gastric	surprise	gástrico
gastric	trust	gástrico
convex	anger	convexo
convex	anticipation	convexo
convex	disgust	convexo
convex	fear	convexo
convex	joy	convexo
convex	negative	convexo
convex	positive	convexo
convex	sadness	lingüística
convex	surprise	de lingüística
convex	trust	convexa
linguistics	anger	convexa
linguistics	anticipation	convexa
linguistics	disgust	lingüística
linguistics	fear	de lingüística
linguistics	joy	de lingüística
linguistics	negative	de lingüística
linguistics	positive	lingüística
linguistics	sadness	de lingüística
linguistics	surprise	de lingüística
linguistics	trust	de lingüística
soap	anger	jabón
soap	anticipation	de jabón
soap	disgust	de jabón
soap	fear	de jabón
soap	joy	jabón
soap	negative	de jabón
soap	positive	de jabón
soap	sadness	de jabón
soap	surprise	jabón
soap	trust	de jabón
moist	anger	moist
moist	anticipation	moist
moist	disgust	moist
moist	fear	moist
moist	joy	moist
moist	negative	moist
moist	positive	moist
moist	sadness	moist
moist	surprise	moist
moist	trust	moist
disastrous	anger	desastroso
disastrous	anticipation	desastroso
disastrous	disgust	desastroso
disastrous	fear	desastroso
disastrous	joy	desastroso
disastrous	negative	desastroso
disastrous	positive	desastroso
disastrous	sadness	desastroso
disastrous	surprise	desastroso
disastrous	trust	desastroso
stride	anger	stride
stride	anticipation	stride
stride	disgust	stride
stride	fear	stride
stride	joy	stride
stride	negative	stride
stride	positive	stride
stride	sadness	stride
stride	surprise	stride
stride	trust	stride
capitation	anger	capitación
capitation	anticipation	de capitación
capitation	disgust	de capitación
capitation	fear	de capitación
capitation	joy	capitación
capitation	negative	de capitación
capitation	positive	de capitación
capitation	sadness	de capitación
capitation	surprise	capitación
capitation	trust	de capitación
conformation	anger	conformation
conformation	anticipation	conformation
conformation	disgust	conformation
conformation	fear	conformation
conformation	joy	conformation
conformation	negative	conformation
conformation	positive	conformation
conformation	sadness	conformation
conformation	surprise	conformation
conformation	trust	conformation
amphibious	anger	anfibio
amphibious	anticipation	anfibio
amphibious	disgust	anfibio
amphibious	fear	anfibio
amphibious	joy	anfibio
amphibious	negative	anfibio
amphibious	positive	anfibio
amphibious	sadness	mármoles
amphibious	surprise	de mármoles
amphibious	trust	anfibios
marbles	anger	anfibios
marbles	anticipation	anfibios
marbles	disgust	mármoles
marbles	fear	de mármoles
marbles	joy	de mármoles
marbles	negative	de mármoles
marbles	positive	mármoles
marbles	sadness	de mármoles
marbles	surprise	de mármoles
marbles	trust	de mármoles
golf	anger	golf
golf	anticipation	golf
golf	disgust	golf
golf	fear	golf
golf	joy	golf
golf	negative	golf
golf	positive	golf
golf	sadness	golf
golf	surprise	golf
golf	trust	golf
approval	anger	aprobación
approval	anticipation	de aprobación
approval	disgust	de aprobación
approval	fear	de aprobación
approval	joy	aprobación
approval	negative	de aprobación
approval	positive	de aprobación
approval	sadness	de aprobación
approval	surprise	concatenación
approval	trust	de concatenación
concatenation	anger	de aprobación
concatenation	anticipation	de aprobación
concatenation	disgust	concatenación
concatenation	fear	de concatenación
concatenation	joy	de concatenación
concatenation	negative	de concatenación
concatenation	positive	concatenación
concatenation	sadness	de concatenación
concatenation	surprise	de concatenación
concatenation	trust	de concatenación que
boring	anger	aburre
boring	anticipation	aburrido
boring	disgust	aburrido
boring	fear	aburrido
boring	joy	aburrido
boring	negative	aburrido
boring	positive	aburrido
boring	sadness	aburrido
boring	surprise	aburrido
boring	trust	aburrido
discontinuous	anger	discontinuo
discontinuous	anticipation	discontinuo
discontinuous	disgust	discontinuo
discontinuous	fear	discontinuo
discontinuous	joy	discontinuo
discontinuous	negative	discontinuo
discontinuous	positive	discontinuo
discontinuous	sadness	discontinuo
discontinuous	surprise	discontinuo
discontinuous	trust	discontinuo
gusset	anger	gusset
gusset	anticipation	gusset
gusset	disgust	gusset
gusset	fear	gusset
gusset	joy	gusset
gusset	negative	gusset
gusset	positive	gusset
gusset	sadness	gusset
gusset	surprise	gusset
gusset	trust	gusset
glimpse	anger	vistazo
glimpse	anticipation	de vistazo
glimpse	disgust	de vistazo
glimpse	fear	de vistazo
glimpse	joy	vistazo
glimpse	negative	de vistazo
glimpse	positive	de vistazo
glimpse	sadness	de vistazo
glimpse	surprise	vistazo
glimpse	trust	de vistazo
racehorse	anger	racehorse
racehorse	anticipation	racehorse
racehorse	disgust	racehorse
racehorse	fear	racehorse
racehorse	joy	racehorse
racehorse	negative	racehorse
racehorse	positive	racehorse
racehorse	sadness	racehorse
racehorse	surprise	racehorse
racehorse	trust	racehorse
badger	anger	tejón
badger	anticipation	de tejón
badger	disgust	de tejón
badger	fear	de tejón
badger	joy	tejón
badger	negative	de tejón
badger	positive	de tejón
badger	sadness	de tejón
badger	surprise	tejón
badger	trust	de tejón
monastic	anger	monastic
monastic	anticipation	monastic
monastic	disgust	monastic
monastic	fear	monastic
monastic	joy	monastic
monastic	negative	monastic
monastic	positive	monastic
monastic	sadness	monastic
monastic	surprise	monastic
monastic	trust	monastic
glaze	anger	barnizar
glaze	anticipation	barnizar
glaze	disgust	barnizar
glaze	fear	barnizar
glaze	joy	barnizar
glaze	negative	barnizar
glaze	positive	barnizar
glaze	sadness	barnizar
glaze	surprise	barnizar
glaze	trust	barnizar
stalwart	anger	stalwart
stalwart	anticipation	stalwart
stalwart	disgust	stalwart
stalwart	fear	stalwart
stalwart	joy	stalwart
stalwart	negative	stalwart
stalwart	positive	stalwart
stalwart	sadness	stalwart
stalwart	surprise	stalwart
stalwart	trust	stalwart
reinvestment	anger	reinvestment
reinvestment	anticipation	reinvestment
reinvestment	disgust	reinvestment
reinvestment	fear	reinvestment
reinvestment	joy	reinvestment
reinvestment	negative	reinvestment
reinvestment	positive	reinvestment
reinvestment	sadness	reinvestment
reinvestment	surprise	reinvestment
reinvestment	trust	reinvestment
radiograph	anger	radiograph
radiograph	anticipation	radiograph
radiograph	disgust	radiograph
radiograph	fear	radiograph
radiograph	joy	radiograph
radiograph	negative	radiograph
radiograph	positive	radiograph
radiograph	sadness	radiograph
radiograph	surprise	radiograph
radiograph	trust	radiograph
enablement	anger	enablement
enablement	anticipation	enablement
enablement	disgust	enablement
enablement	fear	enablement
enablement	joy	enablement
enablement	negative	enablement
enablement	positive	enablement
enablement	sadness	enablement
enablement	surprise	enablement
enablement	trust	enablement
toby	anger	toby
toby	anticipation	toby
toby	disgust	toby
toby	fear	toby
toby	joy	toby
toby	negative	toby
toby	positive	toby
toby	sadness	toby
toby	surprise	toby
toby	trust	toby
malformation	anger	malformación
malformation	anticipation	de malformación
malformation	disgust	de malformación
malformation	fear	de malformación
malformation	joy	malformación
malformation	negative	de malformación
malformation	positive	de malformación
malformation	sadness	de malformación
malformation	surprise	malformación
malformation	trust	de malformación
unmoved	anger	unmoved
unmoved	anticipation	unmoved
unmoved	disgust	unmoved
unmoved	fear	unmoved
unmoved	joy	unmoved
unmoved	negative	unmoved
unmoved	positive	unmoved
unmoved	sadness	unmoved
unmoved	surprise	unmoved
unmoved	trust	unmoved
signify	anger	signify
signify	anticipation	signify
signify	disgust	signify
signify	fear	signify
signify	joy	signify
signify	negative	signify
signify	positive	signify
signify	sadness	signify
signify	surprise	signify
signify	trust	signify
recidivism	anger	recidivism
recidivism	anticipation	recidivism
recidivism	disgust	recidivism
recidivism	fear	recidivism
recidivism	joy	recidivism
recidivism	negative	recidivism
recidivism	positive	recidivism
recidivism	sadness	recidivism
recidivism	surprise	recidivism
recidivism	trust	recidivism
pontificate	anger	pontificado
pontificate	anticipation	de pontificado
pontificate	disgust	de pontificado
pontificate	fear	de pontificado
pontificate	joy	pontificado
pontificate	negative	de pontificado
pontificate	positive	de pontificado
pontificate	sadness	de pontificado
pontificate	surprise	plomada
pontificate	trust	de plomada
plummet	anger	de pontificado
plummet	anticipation	de pontificado
plummet	disgust	plomada
plummet	fear	de plomada
plummet	joy	de plomada
plummet	negative	de plomada
plummet	positive	plomada
plummet	sadness	de plomada
plummet	surprise	de plomada
plummet	trust	de plomada
closure	anger	clausura
closure	anticipation	de clausura
closure	disgust	de clausura
closure	fear	de clausura
closure	joy	clausura
closure	negative	de clausura
closure	positive	de clausura
closure	sadness	de clausura
closure	surprise	clausura
closure	trust	de clausura
inconspicuous	anger	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	anticipation	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	disgust	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	fear	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	joy	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	negative	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	positive	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	sadness	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	surprise	inconspicuous
inconspicuous	trust	inconspicuous
emporium	anger	emporium
emporium	anticipation	emporium
emporium	disgust	emporium
emporium	fear	emporium
emporium	joy	emporium
emporium	negative	emporium
emporium	positive	emporium
emporium	sadness	emporium
emporium	surprise	emporium
emporium	trust	emporium
parrot	anger	loro
parrot	anticipation	de loro
parrot	disgust	de loro
parrot	fear	de loro
parrot	joy	loro
parrot	negative	de loro
parrot	positive	de loro
parrot	sadness	de loro
parrot	surprise	loro
parrot	trust	de loro
wherewithal	anger	wherewithal
wherewithal	anticipation	wherewithal
wherewithal	disgust	wherewithal
wherewithal	fear	wherewithal
wherewithal	joy	wherewithal
wherewithal	negative	wherewithal
wherewithal	positive	wherewithal
wherewithal	sadness	wherewithal
wherewithal	surprise	wherewithal
wherewithal	trust	wherewithal
repulsion	anger	repulsión
repulsion	anticipation	de repulsión
repulsion	disgust	de repulsión
repulsion	fear	de repulsión
repulsion	joy	repulsión
repulsion	negative	de repulsión
repulsion	positive	de repulsión
repulsion	sadness	de repulsión
repulsion	surprise	ciudadela
repulsion	trust	de ciudadela
citadel	anger	de repulsión
citadel	anticipation	de repulsión
citadel	disgust	ciudadela
citadel	fear	de ciudadela
citadel	joy	de ciudadela
citadel	negative	de ciudadela
citadel	positive	ciudadela
citadel	sadness	de ciudadela
citadel	surprise	de ciudadela
citadel	trust	de ciudadela
afflicted	anger	afligió
afflicted	anticipation	afligida
afflicted	disgust	afligió
afflicted	fear	afligido
afflicted	joy	afligió
afflicted	negative	afligido
afflicted	positive	afligió
afflicted	sadness	afligido
afflicted	surprise	afligió
afflicted	trust	decreto
decree	anger	de decreto
decree	anticipation	de decreto
decree	disgust	afligido
decree	fear	decreto
decree	joy	de decreto
decree	negative	de decreto
decree	positive	de decreto
decree	sadness	decreto
decree	surprise	de decreto
decree	trust	del decreto
ballad	anger	ballad
ballad	anticipation	ballad
ballad	disgust	ballad
ballad	fear	ballad
ballad	joy	ballad
ballad	negative	ballad
ballad	positive	ballad
ballad	sadness	ballad
ballad	surprise	ballad
ballad	trust	ballad
thousand	anger	millar
thousand	anticipation	de millar
thousand	disgust	de millar
thousand	fear	de millar
thousand	joy	millar
thousand	negative	de millar
thousand	positive	de millar
thousand	sadness	de millar
thousand	surprise	millar
thousand	trust	de millar
longitude	anger	longitude
longitude	anticipation	longitude
longitude	disgust	longitude
longitude	fear	longitude
longitude	joy	longitude
longitude	negative	longitude
longitude	positive	longitude
longitude	sadness	longitude
longitude	surprise	longitude
longitude	trust	longitude
hight	anger	hight
hight	anticipation	hight
hight	disgust	hight
hight	fear	hight
hight	joy	hight
hight	negative	hight
hight	positive	hight
hight	sadness	hight
hight	surprise	hight
hight	trust	hight
foul	anger	asqueroso
foul	anticipation	asqueroso
foul	disgust	asqueroso
foul	fear	asqueroso
foul	joy	asqueroso
foul	negative	asqueroso
foul	positive	asqueroso
foul	sadness	asqueroso
foul	surprise	asqueroso
foul	trust	asqueroso
competitive	anger	competitivo
competitive	anticipation	competitivo
competitive	disgust	competitivo
competitive	fear	competitivo
competitive	joy	competitivo
competitive	negative	competitivo
competitive	positive	competitivo
competitive	sadness	competitivo
competitive	surprise	competitivo
competitive	trust	competitivo
private	anger	privado
private	anticipation	privado
private	disgust	privado
private	fear	privado
private	joy	privado
private	negative	privado
private	positive	privado
private	sadness	laicado
private	surprise	de laicado
private	trust	privado
laity	anger	privado
laity	anticipation	privado
laity	disgust	laicado
laity	fear	de laicado
laity	joy	de laicado
laity	negative	de laicado
laity	positive	laicado
laity	sadness	de laicado
laity	surprise	de laicado
laity	trust	de laicado
eighth	anger	octavo
eighth	anticipation	octavo
eighth	disgust	octavo
eighth	fear	octavo
eighth	joy	octavo
eighth	negative	octavo
eighth	positive	octavo
eighth	sadness	octavo
eighth	surprise	octavo
eighth	trust	octavo
ordeal	anger	calvario
ordeal	anticipation	de calvario
ordeal	disgust	calvario
ordeal	fear	de calvario
ordeal	joy	de calvario
ordeal	negative	de calvario
ordeal	positive	calvario
ordeal	sadness	de calvario
ordeal	surprise	de calvario
ordeal	trust	de calvario que
raging	anger	brama
raging	anticipation	furioso
raging	disgust	furioso
raging	fear	furioso
raging	joy	furioso
raging	negative	furioso
raging	positive	furioso
raging	sadness	furioso
raging	surprise	furioso
raging	trust	furioso
cates	anger	cates
cates	anticipation	cates
cates	disgust	cates
cates	fear	cates
cates	joy	cates
cates	negative	cates
cates	positive	cates
cates	sadness	cates
cates	surprise	cates
cates	trust	cates
insurmountable	anger	insuperable
insurmountable	anticipation	insuperable
insurmountable	disgust	insuperable
insurmountable	fear	insuperable
insurmountable	joy	insuperable
insurmountable	negative	insuperable
insurmountable	positive	insuperable
insurmountable	sadness	insuperable
insurmountable	surprise	insuperable
insurmountable	trust	insuperable
bearded	anger	bearded
bearded	anticipation	bearded
bearded	disgust	bearded
bearded	fear	bearded
bearded	joy	bearded
bearded	negative	bearded
bearded	positive	bearded
bearded	sadness	bearded
bearded	surprise	bearded
bearded	trust	bearded
title	anger	título
title	anticipation	de título
title	disgust	de título
title	fear	de título
title	joy	título
title	negative	de título
title	positive	de título
title	sadness	de título
title	surprise	título
title	trust	de título
procrastinate	anger	procrastinate
procrastinate	anticipation	procrastinate
procrastinate	disgust	procrastinate
procrastinate	fear	procrastinate
procrastinate	joy	procrastinate
procrastinate	negative	procrastinate
procrastinate	positive	procrastinate
procrastinate	sadness	procrastinate
procrastinate	surprise	procrastinate
procrastinate	trust	procrastinate
palliative	anger	paliativo
palliative	anticipation	paliativo
palliative	disgust	paliativo
palliative	fear	paliativo
palliative	joy	paliativo
palliative	negative	paliativo
palliative	positive	paliativo
palliative	sadness	paleta
palliative	surprise	de paleta
palliative	trust	paliativa
palette	anger	paliativa
palette	anticipation	paliativa
palette	disgust	paleta
palette	fear	de paleta
palette	joy	de paleta
palette	negative	de paleta
palette	positive	paleta
palette	sadness	de paleta
palette	surprise	de paleta
palette	trust	de paleta
poverty	anger	pobreza
poverty	anticipation	de pobreza
poverty	disgust	de pobreza
poverty	fear	de pobreza
poverty	joy	pobreza
poverty	negative	de pobreza
poverty	positive	de pobreza
poverty	sadness	de pobreza
poverty	surprise	pobreza
poverty	trust	de pobreza
hem	anger	hem
hem	anticipation	hem
hem	disgust	hem
hem	fear	hem
hem	joy	hem
hem	negative	hem
hem	positive	hem
hem	sadness	hem
hem	surprise	hem
hem	trust	hem
objective	anger	objetivo
objective	anticipation	objetivo
objective	disgust	objetivo
objective	fear	objetivo
objective	joy	objetivo
objective	negative	objetivo
objective	positive	objetivo
objective	sadness	objetivo
objective	surprise	objetivo
objective	trust	objetivo
yarn	anger	yarn
yarn	anticipation	yarn
yarn	disgust	yarn
yarn	fear	yarn
yarn	joy	yarn
yarn	negative	yarn
yarn	positive	yarn
yarn	sadness	yarn
yarn	surprise	yarn
yarn	trust	yarn
wind	anger	viento
wind	anticipation	de viento
wind	disgust	de viento
wind	fear	de viento
wind	joy	viento
wind	negative	de viento
wind	positive	de viento
wind	sadness	de viento
wind	surprise	dirección
wind	trust	de dirección
direction	anger	
direction	anticipation	de dirección del viento
direction	disgust	de viento
direction	fear	dirección
direction	joy	de dirección
direction	negative	de dirección
direction	positive	de dirección
direction	sadness	preferencia
direction	surprise	de dirección
direction	trust	de dirección
preference	anger	de dirección
preference	anticipation	preferencia
preference	disgust	de preferencia
preference	fear	de preferencia
preference	joy	de preferencia
preference	negative	preferencia
preference	positive	de preferencia
preference	sadness	de preferencia
preference	surprise	de preferencia
preference	trust	la preferencia
incur	anger	incurre
incur	anticipation	incurrir
incur	disgust	incurrir
incur	fear	incurrir
incur	joy	incurrir
incur	negative	incurrir
incur	positive	incurrir
incur	sadness	incurrir
incur	surprise	incurrir
incur	trust	incurrir
agreeing	anger	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	anticipation	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	disgust	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	fear	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	joy	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	negative	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	positive	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	sadness	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	surprise	estando de acuerdo
agreeing	trust	estando de acuerdo
mosaic	anger	mosaico
mosaic	anticipation	de mosaico
mosaic	disgust	de mosaico
mosaic	fear	de mosaico
mosaic	joy	mosaico
mosaic	negative	de mosaico
mosaic	positive	de mosaico
mosaic	sadness	de mosaico
mosaic	surprise	mosaico
mosaic	trust	de mosaico
limb	anger	limb
limb	anticipation	limb
limb	disgust	limb
limb	fear	limb
limb	joy	limb
limb	negative	limb
limb	positive	limb
limb	sadness	limb
limb	surprise	limb
limb	trust	limb
marine	anger	marino
marine	anticipation	marino
marine	disgust	marino
marine	fear	marino
marine	joy	marino
marine	negative	marino
marine	positive	marino
marine	sadness	monasterio
marine	surprise	de monasterio
marine	trust	marino
monastery	anger	marino
monastery	anticipation	marino
monastery	disgust	monasterio
monastery	fear	de monasterio
monastery	joy	de monasterio
monastery	negative	de monasterio
monastery	positive	monasterio
monastery	sadness	de monasterio
monastery	surprise	de monasterio
monastery	trust	de monasterio
cracker	anger	cracker
cracker	anticipation	cracker
cracker	disgust	cracker
cracker	fear	cracker
cracker	joy	cracker
cracker	negative	cracker
cracker	positive	cracker
cracker	sadness	cracker
cracker	surprise	cracker
cracker	trust	cracker
zenith	anger	zenith
zenith	anticipation	zenith
zenith	disgust	zenith
zenith	fear	zenith
zenith	joy	zenith
zenith	negative	zenith
zenith	positive	zenith
zenith	sadness	zenith
zenith	surprise	zenith
zenith	trust	zenith
magnet	anger	imán
magnet	anticipation	de imán
magnet	disgust	de imán
magnet	fear	de imán
magnet	joy	imán
magnet	negative	de imán
magnet	positive	de imán
magnet	sadness	de imán
magnet	surprise	imán
magnet	trust	de imán
eld	anger	eld
eld	anticipation	eld
eld	disgust	eld
eld	fear	eld
eld	joy	eld
eld	negative	eld
eld	positive	eld
eld	sadness	eld
eld	surprise	eld
eld	trust	eld
borough	anger	burgo
borough	anticipation	de burgo
borough	disgust	de burgo
borough	fear	de burgo
borough	joy	burgo
borough	negative	de burgo
borough	positive	de burgo
borough	sadness	de burgo
borough	surprise	burgo
borough	trust	de burgo
squeamish	anger	squeamish
squeamish	anticipation	squeamish
squeamish	disgust	squeamish
squeamish	fear	squeamish
squeamish	joy	squeamish
squeamish	negative	squeamish
squeamish	positive	squeamish
squeamish	sadness	squeamish
squeamish	surprise	squeamish
squeamish	trust	squeamish
nomad	anger	nómada
nomad	anticipation	de nómada
nomad	disgust	de nómada
nomad	fear	de nómada
nomad	joy	nómada
nomad	negative	de nómada
nomad	positive	de nómada
nomad	sadness	de nómada
nomad	surprise	nómada
nomad	trust	de nómada
judiciary	anger	judiciary
judiciary	anticipation	judiciary
judiciary	disgust	judiciary
judiciary	fear	judiciary
judiciary	joy	judiciary
judiciary	negative	judiciary
judiciary	positive	judiciary
judiciary	sadness	judiciary
judiciary	surprise	judiciary
judiciary	trust	judiciary
reluctance	anger	reluctance
reluctance	anticipation	reluctance
reluctance	disgust	reluctance
reluctance	fear	reluctance
reluctance	joy	reluctance
reluctance	negative	reluctance
reluctance	positive	reluctance
reluctance	sadness	reluctance
reluctance	surprise	reluctance
reluctance	trust	reluctance
encore	anger	encore
encore	anticipation	encore
encore	disgust	encore
encore	fear	encore
encore	joy	encore
encore	negative	encore
encore	positive	encore
encore	sadness	encore
encore	surprise	encore
encore	trust	encore
conveyance	anger	conveyance
conveyance	anticipation	
conveyance	disgust	conveyance
conveyance	fear	conveyance
conveyance	joy	conveyance
conveyance	negative	conveyance
conveyance	positive	conveyance
conveyance	sadness	conveyance
conveyance	surprise	conveyance
conveyance	trust	conveyance
bogus	anger	conveyance
bogus	anticipation	bogus bogus
bogus	disgust	bogus
bogus	fear	bogus
bogus	joy	bogus
bogus	negative	bogus
bogus	positive	bogus
bogus	sadness	bogus
bogus	surprise	bogus
bogus	trust	bogus
warning	anger	advirtiendo
warning	anticipation	aviso
warning	disgust	de aviso
warning	fear	de aviso
warning	joy	de aviso
warning	negative	aviso
warning	positive	de aviso
warning	sadness	de aviso
warning	surprise	de aviso
warning	trust	paradigma
paradigm	anger	de paradigma
paradigm	anticipation	de paradigma
paradigm	disgust	de aviso
paradigm	fear	paradigma
paradigm	joy	de paradigma
paradigm	negative	de paradigma
paradigm	positive	de paradigma
paradigm	sadness	paradigma
paradigm	surprise	de paradigma
paradigm	trust	del paradigma
tonic	anger	tónico
tonic	anticipation	tónico
tonic	disgust	tónico
tonic	fear	tónico
tonic	joy	tónico
tonic	negative	tónico
tonic	positive	tónico
tonic	sadness	tónico
tonic	surprise	tónico
tonic	trust	tónico
falsehood	anger	falsehood
falsehood	anticipation	falsehood
falsehood	disgust	falsehood
falsehood	fear	falsehood
falsehood	joy	falsehood
falsehood	negative	falsehood
falsehood	positive	falsehood
falsehood	sadness	falsehood
falsehood	surprise	falsehood
falsehood	trust	falsehood
chronological	anger	cronológico
chronological	anticipation	cronológico
chronological	disgust	cronológico
chronological	fear	cronológico
chronological	joy	cronológico
chronological	negative	cronológico
chronological	positive	cronológico
chronological	sadness	arresto
chronological	surprise	de arresto
chronological	trust	cronológico
arrest	anger	cronológico
arrest	anticipation	cronológico
arrest	disgust	arresto
arrest	fear	de arresto
arrest	joy	de arresto
arrest	negative	de arresto
arrest	positive	arresto
arrest	sadness	de arresto
arrest	surprise	de arresto
arrest	trust	de arresto
rain	anger	lluvia
rain	anticipation	de lluvia
rain	disgust	de lluvia
rain	fear	de lluvia
rain	joy	lluvia
rain	negative	de lluvia
rain	positive	de lluvia
rain	sadness	de lluvia
rain	surprise	manteca
rain	trust	de manteca
lard	anger	de lluvia
lard	anticipation	de lluvia
lard	disgust	manteca
lard	fear	de manteca
lard	joy	de manteca
lard	negative	de manteca
lard	positive	manteca
lard	sadness	de manteca
lard	surprise	de manteca
lard	trust	de manteca
wrist	anger	muñeca
wrist	anticipation	de muñeca
wrist	disgust	de muñeca
wrist	fear	de muñeca
wrist	joy	muñeca
wrist	negative	de muñeca
wrist	positive	de muñeca
wrist	sadness	de muñeca
wrist	surprise	camarada
wrist	trust	de camarada
comrade	anger	de muñeca
comrade	anticipation	de muñeca
comrade	disgust	camarada
comrade	fear	de camarada
comrade	joy	de camarada
comrade	negative	de camarada
comrade	positive	camarada
comrade	sadness	de camarada
comrade	surprise	de camarada
comrade	trust	de camarada
surplus	anger	superávit
surplus	anticipation	de superávit
surplus	disgust	de superávit
surplus	fear	de superávit
surplus	joy	superávit
surplus	negative	de superávit
surplus	positive	de superávit
surplus	sadness	de superávit
surplus	surprise	superávit
surplus	trust	de superávit
nick	anger	nick
nick	anticipation	nick
nick	disgust	nick
nick	fear	nick
nick	joy	nick
nick	negative	nick
nick	positive	nick
nick	sadness	nick
nick	surprise	nick
nick	trust	nick
discontinuance	anger	discontinuance
discontinuance	anticipation	discontinuance
discontinuance	disgust	discontinuance
discontinuance	fear	discontinuance
discontinuance	joy	discontinuance
discontinuance	negative	discontinuance
discontinuance	positive	discontinuance
discontinuance	sadness	discontinuance
discontinuance	surprise	discontinuance
discontinuance	trust	discontinuance
resilience	anger	resilience
resilience	anticipation	resilience
resilience	disgust	resilience
resilience	fear	resilience
resilience	joy	resilience
resilience	negative	resilience
resilience	positive	resilience
resilience	sadness	resilience
resilience	surprise	resilience
resilience	trust	resilience
merchandise	anger	merchandise
merchandise	anticipation	merchandise
merchandise	disgust	merchandise
merchandise	fear	merchandise
merchandise	joy	merchandise
merchandise	negative	merchandise
merchandise	positive	merchandise
merchandise	sadness	merchandise
merchandise	surprise	merchandise
merchandise	trust	merchandise
inverted	anger	inverted
inverted	anticipation	inverted
inverted	disgust	inverted
inverted	fear	inverted
inverted	joy	inverted
inverted	negative	inverted
inverted	positive	inverted
inverted	sadness	inverted
inverted	surprise	inverted
inverted	trust	inverted
future	anger	futuro
future	anticipation	futuro
future	disgust	futuro
future	fear	futuro
future	joy	futuro
future	negative	futuro
future	positive	futuro
future	sadness	profesor
future	surprise	de profesor
future	trust	futuro
teacher	anger	futuro
teacher	anticipation	futuro
teacher	disgust	profesor
teacher	fear	de profesor
teacher	joy	de profesor
teacher	negative	de profesor
teacher	positive	profesor
teacher	sadness	de profesor
teacher	surprise	de profesor
teacher	trust	de profesor
steer	anger	steer
steer	anticipation	steer
steer	disgust	steer
steer	fear	steer
steer	joy	steer
steer	negative	steer
steer	positive	steer
steer	sadness	steer
steer	surprise	steer
steer	trust	steer
monad	anger	monad
monad	anticipation	monad
monad	disgust	monad
monad	fear	monad
monad	joy	monad
monad	negative	monad
monad	positive	monad
monad	sadness	monad
monad	surprise	monad
monad	trust	monad
shanghai	anger	shanghai
shanghai	anticipation	shanghai
shanghai	disgust	shanghai
shanghai	fear	shanghai
shanghai	joy	shanghai
shanghai	negative	shanghai
shanghai	positive	shanghai
shanghai	sadness	shanghai
shanghai	surprise	shanghai
shanghai	trust	shanghai
classify	anger	clasificar
classify	anticipation	clasificar
classify	disgust	clasificar
classify	fear	clasificar
classify	joy	clasificar
classify	negative	clasificar
classify	positive	clasificar
classify	sadness	clasificar
classify	surprise	clasificar
classify	trust	clasificar
deserve	anger	merecer
deserve	anticipation	merecer
deserve	disgust	merecer
deserve	fear	merecer
deserve	joy	merecer
deserve	negative	merecer
deserve	positive	merecer
deserve	sadness	merecer
deserve	surprise	merecer
deserve	trust	merecer
puma	anger	puma
puma	anticipation	puma
puma	disgust	puma
puma	fear	puma
puma	joy	puma
puma	negative	puma
puma	positive	puma
puma	sadness	puma
puma	surprise	puma
puma	trust	puma
glean	anger	glean
glean	anticipation	glean
glean	disgust	glean
glean	fear	glean
glean	joy	glean
glean	negative	glean
glean	positive	glean
glean	sadness	glean
glean	surprise	glean
glean	trust	glean
ecumenical	anger	ecumenical
ecumenical	anticipation	ecumenical
ecumenical	disgust	ecumenical
ecumenical	fear	ecumenical
ecumenical	joy	ecumenical
ecumenical	negative	ecumenical
ecumenical	positive	ecumenical
ecumenical	sadness	ecumenical
ecumenical	surprise	ecumenical
ecumenical	trust	ecumenical
peaceable	anger	peaceable
peaceable	anticipation	peaceable
peaceable	disgust	peaceable
peaceable	fear	peaceable
peaceable	joy	peaceable
peaceable	negative	peaceable
peaceable	positive	peaceable
peaceable	sadness	peaceable
peaceable	surprise	peaceable
peaceable	trust	peaceable
sorghum	anger	sorghum
sorghum	anticipation	sorghum
sorghum	disgust	sorghum
sorghum	fear	sorghum
sorghum	joy	sorghum
sorghum	negative	sorghum
sorghum	positive	sorghum
sorghum	sadness	sorghum
sorghum	surprise	sorghum
sorghum	trust	sorghum
emphasis	anger	énfasis
emphasis	anticipation	de énfasis
emphasis	disgust	de énfasis
emphasis	fear	de énfasis
emphasis	joy	énfasis
emphasis	negative	de énfasis
emphasis	positive	de énfasis
emphasis	sadness	de énfasis
emphasis	surprise	énfasis
emphasis	trust	de énfasis que
perishing	anger	perece
perishing	anticipation	pereciendo
perishing	disgust	pereciendo
perishing	fear	pereciendo
perishing	joy	pereciendo
perishing	negative	pereciendo
perishing	positive	pereciendo
perishing	sadness	pereciendo
perishing	surprise	pereciendo
perishing	trust	pereciendo
zip	anger	cremallera
zip	anticipation	de cremallera
zip	disgust	de cremallera
zip	fear	de cremallera
zip	joy	cremallera
zip	negative	de cremallera
zip	positive	de cremallera
zip	sadness	de cremallera
zip	surprise	cremallera
zip	trust	de cremallera
vertical	anger	vertical
vertical	anticipation	vertical
vertical	disgust	vertical
vertical	fear	vertical
vertical	joy	vertical
vertical	negative	vertical
vertical	positive	vertical
vertical	sadness	pulgada
vertical	surprise	de pulgada
vertical	trust	vertical
inch	anger	vertical
inch	anticipation	vertical
inch	disgust	pulgada
inch	fear	de pulgada
inch	joy	de pulgada
inch	negative	de pulgada
inch	positive	pulgada
inch	sadness	de pulgada
inch	surprise	de pulgada
inch	trust	de pulgada
galaxy	anger	galaxia
galaxy	anticipation	de galaxia
galaxy	disgust	de galaxia
galaxy	fear	de galaxia
galaxy	joy	galaxia
galaxy	negative	de galaxia
galaxy	positive	de galaxia
galaxy	sadness	de galaxia
galaxy	surprise	radón
galaxy	trust	de radón
radon	anger	de galaxia
radon	anticipation	de galaxia
radon	disgust	radón
radon	fear	de radón
radon	joy	de radón
radon	negative	de radón
radon	positive	radón
radon	sadness	de radón
radon	surprise	de radón
radon	trust	de radón
tar	anger	tar
tar	anticipation	tar
tar	disgust	tar
tar	fear	tar
tar	joy	tar
tar	negative	tar
tar	positive	tar
tar	sadness	tar
tar	surprise	tar
tar	trust	tar
swerve	anger	swerve
swerve	anticipation	swerve
swerve	disgust	swerve
swerve	fear	swerve
swerve	joy	swerve
swerve	negative	swerve
swerve	positive	swerve
swerve	sadness	swerve
swerve	surprise	swerve
swerve	trust	swerve
sewage	anger	sewage
sewage	anticipation	sewage
sewage	disgust	sewage
sewage	fear	sewage
sewage	joy	sewage
sewage	negative	sewage
sewage	positive	sewage
sewage	sadness	sewage
sewage	surprise	sewage
sewage	trust	sewage
negligence	anger	negligencia
negligence	anticipation	de negligencia
negligence	disgust	de negligencia
negligence	fear	de negligencia
negligence	joy	negligencia
negligence	negative	de negligencia
negligence	positive	de negligencia
negligence	sadness	de negligencia
negligence	surprise	negligencia
negligence	trust	de negligencia
illuminator	anger	illuminator
illuminator	anticipation	illuminator
illuminator	disgust	illuminator
illuminator	fear	illuminator
illuminator	joy	illuminator
illuminator	negative	illuminator
illuminator	positive	illuminator
illuminator	sadness	illuminator
illuminator	surprise	illuminator
illuminator	trust	illuminator
apportion	anger	repartir
apportion	anticipation	repartir
apportion	disgust	repartir
apportion	fear	repartir
apportion	joy	repartir
apportion	negative	repartir
apportion	positive	repartir
apportion	sadness	repartir
apportion	surprise	repartir
apportion	trust	repartir
internally	anger	internamente
internally	anticipation	internamente
internally	disgust	internamente
internally	fear	internamente
internally	joy	internamente
internally	negative	internamente
internally	positive	internamente
internally	sadness	internamente
internally	surprise	internamente
internally	trust	internamente
ephemeral	anger	efímero
ephemeral	anticipation	efímero
ephemeral	disgust	efímero
ephemeral	fear	efímero
ephemeral	joy	efímero
ephemeral	negative	efímero
ephemeral	positive	efímero
ephemeral	sadness	dependencia
ephemeral	surprise	de dependencia
ephemeral	trust	efímera
dependency	anger	efímera
dependency	anticipation	efímera
dependency	disgust	dependencia
dependency	fear	de dependencia
dependency	joy	de dependencia
dependency	negative	de dependencia
dependency	positive	dependencia
dependency	sadness	de dependencia
dependency	surprise	de dependencia
dependency	trust	de dependencia
kindness	anger	bondad
kindness	anticipation	de bondad
kindness	disgust	de bondad
kindness	fear	de bondad
kindness	joy	bondad
kindness	negative	de bondad
kindness	positive	de bondad
kindness	sadness	de bondad
kindness	surprise	bondad
kindness	trust	de bondad
triplicate	anger	triplicate
triplicate	anticipation	triplicate
triplicate	disgust	triplicate
triplicate	fear	triplicate
triplicate	joy	triplicate
triplicate	negative	triplicate
triplicate	positive	triplicate
triplicate	sadness	triplicate
triplicate	surprise	triplicate
triplicate	trust	triplicate
conquer	anger	conquistar
conquer	anticipation	conquistar
conquer	disgust	conquistar
conquer	fear	conquistar
conquer	joy	conquistar
conquer	negative	conquistar
conquer	positive	conquistar
conquer	sadness	conquistar
conquer	surprise	conquistar
conquer	trust	conquistar
afore	anger	afore
afore	anticipation	afore
afore	disgust	afore
afore	fear	afore
afore	joy	afore
afore	negative	afore
afore	positive	afore
afore	sadness	afore
afore	surprise	afore
afore	trust	afore
arctic	anger	ártico
arctic	anticipation	ártico
arctic	disgust	ártico
arctic	fear	ártico
arctic	joy	ártico
arctic	negative	ártico
arctic	positive	ártico
arctic	sadness	ártico
arctic	surprise	ártico
arctic	trust	ártico
unfold	anger	desdoblar
unfold	anticipation	desdoblar
unfold	disgust	desdoblar
unfold	fear	desdoblar
unfold	joy	desdoblar
unfold	negative	desdoblar
unfold	positive	desdoblar
unfold	sadness	desdoblar
unfold	surprise	desdoblar
unfold	trust	desdoblar
secrecy	anger	clandestinidad
secrecy	anticipation	de clandestinidad
secrecy	disgust	de clandestinidad
secrecy	fear	de clandestinidad
secrecy	joy	clandestinidad
secrecy	negative	de clandestinidad
secrecy	positive	de clandestinidad
secrecy	sadness	de clandestinidad
secrecy	surprise	clandestinidad
secrecy	trust	de clandestinidad
cultivated	anger	cultivó
cultivated	anticipation	cultivada
cultivated	disgust	cultivó
cultivated	fear	cultivado
cultivated	joy	cultivó
cultivated	negative	cultivado
cultivated	positive	cultivó
cultivated	sadness	cultivado
cultivated	surprise	cultivó
cultivated	trust	cultivado
produced	anger	produjo
produced	anticipation	producido
produced	disgust	produjo
produced	fear	producido
produced	joy	produjo
produced	negative	producido
produced	positive	produjo
produced	sadness	producido
produced	surprise	produjo
produced	trust	producido
reconnaissance	anger	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	anticipation	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	disgust	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	fear	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	joy	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	negative	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	positive	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	sadness	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	surprise	reconnaissance
reconnaissance	trust	reconnaissance
tussle	anger	tussle
tussle	anticipation	tussle
tussle	disgust	tussle
tussle	fear	tussle
tussle	joy	tussle
tussle	negative	tussle
tussle	positive	tussle
tussle	sadness	tussle
tussle	surprise	tussle
tussle	trust	tussle
rake	anger	rastrillo
rake	anticipation	de rastrillo
rake	disgust	de rastrillo
rake	fear	de rastrillo
rake	joy	rastrillo
rake	negative	de rastrillo
rake	positive	de rastrillo
rake	sadness	de rastrillo
rake	surprise	rastrillo
rake	trust	de rastrillo que
foreboding	anger	presagia
foreboding	anticipation	presagiando
foreboding	disgust	presagiando
foreboding	fear	presagiando
foreboding	joy	presagiando
foreboding	negative	presagiando
foreboding	positive	presagiando
foreboding	sadness	presagiando
foreboding	surprise	presagiando
foreboding	trust	presagiando
component	anger	componente
component	anticipation	de componente
component	disgust	de componente
component	fear	de componente
component	joy	componente
component	negative	de componente
component	positive	de componente
component	sadness	de componente
component	surprise	componente
component	trust	de componente
mica	anger	mica
mica	anticipation	mica
mica	disgust	mica
mica	fear	mica
mica	joy	mica
mica	negative	mica
mica	positive	mica
mica	sadness	mica
mica	surprise	mica
mica	trust	mica
shrine	anger	shrine
shrine	anticipation	shrine
shrine	disgust	shrine
shrine	fear	shrine
shrine	joy	shrine
shrine	negative	shrine
shrine	positive	shrine
shrine	sadness	shrine
shrine	surprise	shrine
shrine	trust	shrine
uncontrolled	anger	incontrolado
uncontrolled	anticipation	incontrolado
uncontrolled	disgust	incontrolado
uncontrolled	fear	incontrolado
uncontrolled	joy	incontrolado
uncontrolled	negative	incontrolado
uncontrolled	positive	incontrolado
uncontrolled	sadness	incontrolado
uncontrolled	surprise	incontrolado
uncontrolled	trust	incontrolado
fleeting	anger	fugaz
fleeting	anticipation	fugaz
fleeting	disgust	fugaz
fleeting	fear	fugaz
fleeting	joy	fugaz
fleeting	negative	fugaz
fleeting	positive	fugaz
fleeting	sadness	discurso
fleeting	surprise	de discurso
fleeting	trust	fugaz
discourse	anger	fugaz
discourse	anticipation	fugaz
discourse	disgust	discurso
discourse	fear	de discurso
discourse	joy	de discurso
discourse	negative	de discurso
discourse	positive	discurso
discourse	sadness	de discurso
discourse	surprise	de discurso
discourse	trust	de discurso
timber	anger	timber
timber	anticipation	timber
timber	disgust	timber
timber	fear	timber
timber	joy	timber
timber	negative	timber
timber	positive	timber
timber	sadness	timber
timber	surprise	timber
timber	trust	timber
sweat	anger	sudor
sweat	anticipation	de sudor
sweat	disgust	de sudor
sweat	fear	de sudor
sweat	joy	sudor
sweat	negative	de sudor
sweat	positive	de sudor
sweat	sadness	de sudor
sweat	surprise	sudor
sweat	trust	de sudor
popular	anger	popular
popular	anticipation	popular
popular	disgust	popular
popular	fear	popular
popular	joy	popular
popular	negative	popular
popular	positive	popular
popular	sadness	popular
popular	surprise	popular
popular	trust	popular
mandarin	anger	mandarin
mandarin	anticipation	mandarin
mandarin	disgust	mandarin
mandarin	fear	mandarin
mandarin	joy	mandarin
mandarin	negative	mandarin
mandarin	positive	mandarin
mandarin	sadness	mandarin
mandarin	surprise	mandarin
mandarin	trust	mandarin
numbers	anger	los números
numbers	anticipation	numera
numbers	disgust	los números
numbers	fear	numera
numbers	joy	los números
numbers	negative	numera
numbers	positive	los números
numbers	sadness	numera
numbers	surprise	los números
numbers	trust	numera
ransom	anger	rescate
ransom	anticipation	de rescate
ransom	disgust	de rescate
ransom	fear	de rescate
ransom	joy	rescate
ransom	negative	de rescate
ransom	positive	de rescate
ransom	sadness	de rescate
ransom	surprise	rescate
ransom	trust	de rescate
owe	anger	debe
owe	anticipation	deber
owe	disgust	deber
owe	fear	deber
owe	joy	deber
owe	negative	deber
owe	positive	deber
owe	sadness	deber
owe	surprise	deber
owe	trust	deber
blond	anger	rubio
blond	anticipation	rubio
blond	disgust	rubio
blond	fear	rubio
blond	joy	rubio
blond	negative	rubio
blond	positive	rubio
blond	sadness	detención
blond	surprise	de detención
blond	trust	rubia
detention	anger	rubia
detention	anticipation	rubia
detention	disgust	detención
detention	fear	de detención
detention	joy	de detención
detention	negative	de detención
detention	positive	detención
detention	sadness	de detención
detention	surprise	de detención
detention	trust	de detención
septic	anger	séptica
septic	anticipation	séptico
septic	disgust	séptico
septic	fear	séptico
septic	joy	séptico
septic	negative	séptico
septic	positive	séptico
septic	sadness	teatro
septic	surprise	de teatro
septic	trust	séptico
theater	anger	séptico
theater	anticipation	séptico
theater	disgust	teatro
theater	fear	de teatro
theater	joy	de teatro
theater	negative	de teatro
theater	positive	teatro
theater	sadness	de teatro
theater	surprise	de teatro
theater	trust	de teatro
overhead	anger	elevado
overhead	anticipation	elevado
overhead	disgust	elevado
overhead	fear	elevado
overhead	joy	elevado
overhead	negative	elevado
overhead	positive	elevado
overhead	sadness	sobredosis
overhead	surprise	de sobredosis
overhead	trust	elevada
overdose	anger	elevada
overdose	anticipation	elevada
overdose	disgust	sobredosis
overdose	fear	de sobredosis
overdose	joy	de sobredosis
overdose	negative	de sobredosis
overdose	positive	sobredosis
overdose	sadness	de sobredosis
overdose	surprise	de sobredosis
overdose	trust	de sobredosis
traffic	anger	tráfico
traffic	anticipation	de tráfico
traffic	disgust	de tráfico
traffic	fear	de tráfico
traffic	joy	tráfico
traffic	negative	de tráfico
traffic	positive	de tráfico
traffic	sadness	de tráfico
traffic	surprise	estrellas
traffic	trust	de tráfico
stars	anger	del tráfico
stars	anticipation	protagoniza
stars	disgust	estrellas
stars	fear	de estrellas
stars	joy	protagoniza
stars	negative	las estrellas
stars	positive	protagoniza
stars	sadness	las estrellas
stars	surprise	protagoniza
stars	trust	estrellas
egress	anger	egress
egress	anticipation	egress
egress	disgust	egress
egress	fear	egress
egress	joy	egress
egress	negative	egress
egress	positive	egress
egress	sadness	egress
egress	surprise	egress
egress	trust	egress
disparate	anger	disparate
disparate	anticipation	disparate
disparate	disgust	disparate
disparate	fear	disparate
disparate	joy	disparate
disparate	negative	disparate
disparate	positive	disparate
disparate	sadness	disparate
disparate	surprise	disparate
disparate	trust	disparate
lease	anger	arrendamiento
lease	anticipation	de arrendamiento
lease	disgust	de arrendamiento
lease	fear	de arrendamiento
lease	joy	arrendamiento
lease	negative	de arrendamiento
lease	positive	de arrendamiento
lease	sadness	de arrendamiento
lease	surprise	arrendamiento
lease	trust	de arrendamiento
discouragement	anger	discouragement
discouragement	anticipation	discouragement
discouragement	disgust	discouragement
discouragement	fear	discouragement
discouragement	joy	discouragement
discouragement	negative	discouragement
discouragement	positive	discouragement
discouragement	sadness	discouragement
discouragement	surprise	discouragement
discouragement	trust	discouragement
abhor	anger	aborrecer
abhor	anticipation	aborrecer
abhor	disgust	aborrecer
abhor	fear	aborrecer
abhor	joy	aborrecer
abhor	negative	aborrecer
abhor	positive	aborrecer
abhor	sadness	aborrecer
abhor	surprise	aborrecer
abhor	trust	aborrecer
irate	anger	irate
irate	anticipation	irate
irate	disgust	irate
irate	fear	irate
irate	joy	irate
irate	negative	irate
irate	positive	irate
irate	sadness	irate
irate	surprise	irate
irate	trust	irate
adhesion	anger	adhesión
adhesion	anticipation	de adhesión
adhesion	disgust	de adhesión
adhesion	fear	de adhesión
adhesion	joy	adhesión
adhesion	negative	de adhesión
adhesion	positive	de adhesión
adhesion	sadness	de adhesión
adhesion	surprise	adhesión
adhesion	trust	de adhesión
publicist	anger	publicist
publicist	anticipation	publicist
publicist	disgust	publicist
publicist	fear	publicist
publicist	joy	publicist
publicist	negative	publicist
publicist	positive	publicist
publicist	sadness	publicist
publicist	surprise	publicist
publicist	trust	publicist
salutation	anger	salutation
salutation	anticipation	salutation
salutation	disgust	salutation
salutation	fear	salutation
salutation	joy	salutation
salutation	negative	salutation
salutation	positive	salutation
salutation	sadness	salutation
salutation	surprise	salutation
salutation	trust	salutation
extinguish	anger	extinguir
extinguish	anticipation	extinguir
extinguish	disgust	extinguir
extinguish	fear	extinguir
extinguish	joy	extinguir
extinguish	negative	extinguir
extinguish	positive	extinguir
extinguish	sadness	extinguir
extinguish	surprise	extinguir
extinguish	trust	extinguir
putative	anger	putative
putative	anticipation	putative
putative	disgust	putative
putative	fear	putative
putative	joy	putative
putative	negative	putative
putative	positive	putative
putative	sadness	putative
putative	surprise	putative
putative	trust	putative
attestation	anger	atestación
attestation	anticipation	de atestación
attestation	disgust	de atestación
attestation	fear	de atestación
attestation	joy	atestación
attestation	negative	de atestación
attestation	positive	de atestación
attestation	sadness	de atestación
attestation	surprise	galope
attestation	trust	de galope
gallop	anger	de atestación
gallop	anticipation	de atestación
gallop	disgust	galope
gallop	fear	de galope
gallop	joy	de galope
gallop	negative	de galope
gallop	positive	galope
gallop	sadness	de galope
gallop	surprise	de galope
gallop	trust	de galope
tremendously	anger	tremendamente
tremendously	anticipation	tremendamente
tremendously	disgust	tremendamente
tremendously	fear	tremendamente
tremendously	joy	tremendamente
tremendously	negative	tremendamente
tremendously	positive	tremendamente
tremendously	sadness	tremendamente
tremendously	surprise	tremendamente
tremendously	trust	tremendamente
occlusion	anger	oclusión
occlusion	anticipation	de oclusión
occlusion	disgust	de oclusión
occlusion	fear	de oclusión
occlusion	joy	oclusión
occlusion	negative	de oclusión
occlusion	positive	de oclusión
occlusion	sadness	de oclusión
occlusion	surprise	oclusión
occlusion	trust	de oclusión
wilderness	anger	wilderness
wilderness	anticipation	wilderness
wilderness	disgust	wilderness
wilderness	fear	wilderness
wilderness	joy	wilderness
wilderness	negative	wilderness
wilderness	positive	wilderness
wilderness	sadness	wilderness
wilderness	surprise	wilderness
wilderness	trust	wilderness
inferential	anger	inferential
inferential	anticipation	inferential
inferential	disgust	inferential
inferential	fear	inferential
inferential	joy	inferential
inferential	negative	inferential
inferential	positive	inferential
inferential	sadness	inferential
inferential	surprise	inferential
inferential	trust	inferential
stillness	anger	stillness
stillness	anticipation	stillness
stillness	disgust	stillness
stillness	fear	stillness
stillness	joy	stillness
stillness	negative	stillness
stillness	positive	stillness
stillness	sadness	stillness
stillness	surprise	stillness
stillness	trust	stillness
simples	anger	simples
simples	anticipation	simples
simples	disgust	simples
simples	fear	simples
simples	joy	simples
simples	negative	simples
simples	positive	simples
simples	sadness	simples
simples	surprise	simples
simples	trust	simples
rash	anger	rash
rash	anticipation	rash
rash	disgust	rash
rash	fear	rash
rash	joy	rash
rash	negative	rash
rash	positive	rash
rash	sadness	rash
rash	surprise	rash
rash	trust	rash
memento	anger	memento
memento	anticipation	memento
memento	disgust	memento
memento	fear	memento
memento	joy	memento
memento	negative	memento
memento	positive	memento
memento	sadness	memento
memento	surprise	memento
memento	trust	memento
blanket	anger	manta
blanket	anticipation	de manta
blanket	disgust	de manta
blanket	fear	de manta
blanket	joy	manta
blanket	negative	de manta
blanket	positive	de manta
blanket	sadness	de manta
blanket	surprise	forro
blanket	trust	de forro
lining	anger	de manta
lining	anticipation	de manta
lining	disgust	forro
lining	fear	de forro
lining	joy	de forro
lining	negative	de forro
lining	positive	forro
lining	sadness	de forro
lining	surprise	de forro
lining	trust	de forro
hunting	anger	caza
hunting	anticipation	de caza
hunting	disgust	de caza
hunting	fear	de caza
hunting	joy	caza
hunting	negative	de caza
hunting	positive	de caza
hunting	sadness	de caza
hunting	surprise	caza
hunting	trust	de caza
sheen	anger	sheen
sheen	anticipation	sheen
sheen	disgust	sheen
sheen	fear	sheen
sheen	joy	sheen
sheen	negative	sheen
sheen	positive	sheen
sheen	sadness	sheen
sheen	surprise	sheen
sheen	trust	sheen
angling	anger	angling
angling	anticipation	angling
angling	disgust	angling
angling	fear	angling
angling	joy	angling
angling	negative	angling
angling	positive	angling
angling	sadness	angling
angling	surprise	angling
angling	trust	angling
thither	anger	allá
thither	anticipation	allá
thither	disgust	allá
thither	fear	allá
thither	joy	allá
thither	negative	allá
thither	positive	allá
thither	sadness	allá
thither	surprise	allá
thither	trust	allá
personification	anger	personificación
personification	anticipation	de personificación
personification	disgust	de personificación
personification	fear	de personificación
personification	joy	personificación
personification	negative	de personificación
personification	positive	de personificación
personification	sadness	de personificación
personification	surprise	personificación
personification	trust	de personificación
sorority	anger	sorority
sorority	anticipation	sorority
sorority	disgust	sorority
sorority	fear	sorority
sorority	joy	sorority
sorority	negative	sorority
sorority	positive	sorority
sorority	sadness	sorority
sorority	surprise	sorority
sorority	trust	sorority
scribe	anger	scribe
scribe	anticipation	scribe
scribe	disgust	scribe
scribe	fear	scribe
scribe	joy	scribe
scribe	negative	scribe
scribe	positive	scribe
scribe	sadness	scribe
scribe	surprise	scribe
scribe	trust	scribe
dislodge	anger	dislodge
dislodge	anticipation	dislodge
dislodge	disgust	dislodge
dislodge	fear	dislodge
dislodge	joy	dislodge
dislodge	negative	dislodge
dislodge	positive	dislodge
dislodge	sadness	dislodge
dislodge	surprise	dislodge
dislodge	trust	dislodge
supervise	anger	supervisar
supervise	anticipation	supervisar
supervise	disgust	supervisar
supervise	fear	supervisar
supervise	joy	supervisar
supervise	negative	supervisar
supervise	positive	supervisar
supervise	sadness	supervisar
supervise	surprise	supervisar
supervise	trust	supervisar
slick	anger	slick
slick	anticipation	slick
slick	disgust	slick
slick	fear	slick
slick	joy	slick
slick	negative	slick
slick	positive	slick
slick	sadness	slick
slick	surprise	slick
slick	trust	slick
bowed	anger	inclinó
bowed	anticipation	inclinado
bowed	disgust	inclinó
bowed	fear	inclinado
bowed	joy	inclinó
bowed	negative	inclinado
bowed	positive	inclinó
bowed	sadness	inclinado
bowed	surprise	inclinó
bowed	trust	raza
breed	anger	de raza
breed	anticipation	de raza
breed	disgust	inclinada
breed	fear	raza
breed	joy	de raza
breed	negative	de raza
breed	positive	de raza
breed	sadness	anuncio
breed	surprise	de raza
breed	trust	de raza
advertisement	anger	de raza
advertisement	anticipation	anuncio
advertisement	disgust	de anuncio
advertisement	fear	de anuncio
advertisement	joy	de anuncio
advertisement	negative	anuncio
advertisement	positive	de anuncio
advertisement	sadness	de anuncio
advertisement	surprise	de anuncio
advertisement	trust	anuncio
locale	anger	locale
locale	anticipation	locale
locale	disgust	locale
locale	fear	locale
locale	joy	locale
locale	negative	locale
locale	positive	locale
locale	sadness	locale
locale	surprise	locale
locale	trust	locale
poisonous	anger	venenoso
poisonous	anticipation	venenoso
poisonous	disgust	venenoso
poisonous	fear	venenoso
poisonous	joy	venenoso
poisonous	negative	venenoso
poisonous	positive	venenoso
poisonous	sadness	conflictos
poisonous	surprise	de conflictos
poisonous	trust	venenosos
strife	anger	venenosos
strife	anticipation	venenosos
strife	disgust	conflictos
strife	fear	de conflictos
strife	joy	de conflictos
strife	negative	de conflictos
strife	positive	conflictos
strife	sadness	de conflictos
strife	surprise	de conflictos
strife	trust	de conflictos
bear	anger	oso
bear	anticipation	de oso
bear	disgust	de oso
bear	fear	de oso
bear	joy	oso
bear	negative	de oso
bear	positive	de oso
bear	sadness	de oso
bear	surprise	oso
bear	trust	de oso
impenetrable	anger	impenetrable
impenetrable	anticipation	impenetrable
impenetrable	disgust	impenetrable
impenetrable	fear	impenetrable
impenetrable	joy	impenetrable
impenetrable	negative	impenetrable
impenetrable	positive	impenetrable
impenetrable	sadness	amén
impenetrable	surprise	de amén
impenetrable	trust	impenetrable
amen	anger	impenetrable
amen	anticipation	impenetrable
amen	disgust	amén
amen	fear	de amén
amen	joy	de amén
amen	negative	de amén
amen	positive	amén
amen	sadness	de amén
amen	surprise	de amén
amen	trust	de amén
converted	anger	convertido
converted	anticipation	convertido
converted	disgust	convertido
converted	fear	convertido
converted	joy	convertido
converted	negative	convertido
converted	positive	convertido
converted	sadness	convertido
converted	surprise	convertido
converted	trust	convertido
moo	anger	moo
moo	anticipation	moo
moo	disgust	moo
moo	fear	moo
moo	joy	moo
moo	negative	moo
moo	positive	moo
moo	sadness	moo
moo	surprise	moo
moo	trust	moo
impropriety	anger	incorrección
impropriety	anticipation	de incorrección
impropriety	disgust	de incorrección
impropriety	fear	de incorrección
impropriety	joy	incorrección
impropriety	negative	de incorrección
impropriety	positive	de incorrección
impropriety	sadness	de incorrección
impropriety	surprise	albergue
impropriety	trust	de albergue
hostel	anger	de incorrección
hostel	anticipation	de incorrección
hostel	disgust	albergue
hostel	fear	de albergue
hostel	joy	de albergue
hostel	negative	de albergue
hostel	positive	albergue
hostel	sadness	de albergue
hostel	surprise	de albergue
hostel	trust	de albergue
conspire	anger	conspira
conspire	anticipation	conspirar
conspire	disgust	conspirar
conspire	fear	conspirar
conspire	joy	conspirar
conspire	negative	conspirar
conspire	positive	conspirar
conspire	sadness	conspirar
conspire	surprise	conspirar
conspire	trust	conspirar
muslin	anger	muslin
muslin	anticipation	muslin
muslin	disgust	muslin
muslin	fear	muslin
muslin	joy	muslin
muslin	negative	muslin
muslin	positive	muslin
muslin	sadness	muslin
muslin	surprise	muslin
muslin	trust	muslin
teaching	anger	enseñando
teaching	anticipation	enseñanza
teaching	disgust	de enseñanza
teaching	fear	de enseñanza
teaching	joy	de enseñanza
teaching	negative	enseñanza
teaching	positive	de enseñanza
teaching	sadness	de enseñanza
teaching	surprise	de enseñanza que
teaching	trust	enseña
aboriginal	anger	aborigen
aboriginal	anticipation	aborigen
aboriginal	disgust	aborigen
aboriginal	fear	aborigen
aboriginal	joy	aborigen
aboriginal	negative	aborigen
aboriginal	positive	aborigen
aboriginal	sadness	aborigen
aboriginal	surprise	aborigen
aboriginal	trust	aborigen
resident	anger	residente
resident	anticipation	residente
resident	disgust	residente
resident	fear	residente
resident	joy	residente
resident	negative	residente
resident	positive	residente
resident	sadness	dúo
resident	surprise	de dúo
resident	trust	residente
duet	anger	residente
duet	anticipation	residente
duet	disgust	dúo
duet	fear	de dúo
duet	joy	de dúo
duet	negative	de dúo
duet	positive	dúo
duet	sadness	de dúo
duet	surprise	de dúo
duet	trust	de dúo
improvisation	anger	improvisación
improvisation	anticipation	de improvisación
improvisation	disgust	de improvisación
improvisation	fear	de improvisación
improvisation	joy	improvisación
improvisation	negative	de improvisación
improvisation	positive	de improvisación
improvisation	sadness	de improvisación
improvisation	surprise	improvisación
improvisation	trust	de improvisación
unguarded	anger	unguarded
unguarded	anticipation	unguarded
unguarded	disgust	unguarded
unguarded	fear	unguarded
unguarded	joy	unguarded
unguarded	negative	unguarded
unguarded	positive	unguarded
unguarded	sadness	unguarded
unguarded	surprise	unguarded
unguarded	trust	unguarded
overbearing	anger	overbearing
overbearing	anticipation	overbearing
overbearing	disgust	overbearing
overbearing	fear	overbearing
overbearing	joy	overbearing
overbearing	negative	overbearing
overbearing	positive	overbearing
overbearing	sadness	overbearing
overbearing	surprise	overbearing
overbearing	trust	overbearing
deficiency	anger	deficiencia
deficiency	anticipation	de deficiencia
deficiency	disgust	de deficiencia
deficiency	fear	de deficiencia
deficiency	joy	deficiencia
deficiency	negative	de deficiencia
deficiency	positive	de deficiencia
deficiency	sadness	de deficiencia
deficiency	surprise	deficiencia
deficiency	trust	de deficiencia
sensual	anger	sensual
sensual	anticipation	sensual
sensual	disgust	sensual
sensual	fear	sensual
sensual	joy	sensual
sensual	negative	sensual
sensual	positive	sensual
sensual	sadness	cuádruplo
sensual	surprise	de cuádruplo
sensual	trust	sensual
quadruple	anger	sensual
quadruple	anticipation	sensual
quadruple	disgust	cuádruplo
quadruple	fear	de cuádruplo
quadruple	joy	de cuádruplo
quadruple	negative	de cuádruplo
quadruple	positive	cuádruplo
quadruple	sadness	de cuádruplo
quadruple	surprise	de cuádruplo
quadruple	trust	de cuádruplo
tired	anger	cansado
tired	anticipation	cansado
tired	disgust	cansado
tired	fear	cansado
tired	joy	cansado
tired	negative	cansado
tired	positive	cansado
tired	sadness	cansado
tired	surprise	cansado
tired	trust	cansado
sharpened	anger	agudizó
sharpened	anticipation	agudizado
sharpened	disgust	agudizó
sharpened	fear	agudizado
sharpened	joy	agudizó
sharpened	negative	agudizado
sharpened	positive	agudizó
sharpened	sadness	agudizado
sharpened	surprise	agudizó
sharpened	trust	agudizado
juggling	anger	juggling
juggling	anticipation	juggling
juggling	disgust	juggling
juggling	fear	juggling
juggling	joy	juggling
juggling	negative	juggling
juggling	positive	juggling
juggling	sadness	juggling
juggling	surprise	juggling
juggling	trust	juggling
mogul	anger	mogul
mogul	anticipation	mogul
mogul	disgust	mogul
mogul	fear	mogul
mogul	joy	mogul
mogul	negative	mogul
mogul	positive	mogul
mogul	sadness	mogul
mogul	surprise	mogul
mogul	trust	mogul
instructed	anger	instruyó
instructed	anticipation	instruido
instructed	disgust	instruyó
instructed	fear	instruido
instructed	joy	instruyó
instructed	negative	instruido
instructed	positive	instruyó
instructed	sadness	instruido
instructed	surprise	instruyó
instructed	trust	instruido
horticultural	anger	hortícola
horticultural	anticipation	hortícola
horticultural	disgust	hortícola
horticultural	fear	hortícola
horticultural	joy	hortícola
horticultural	negative	hortícola
horticultural	positive	hortícola
horticultural	sadness	zumbador
horticultural	surprise	de zumbador
horticultural	trust	hortícola
buzzer	anger	hortícola
buzzer	anticipation	hortícola
buzzer	disgust	zumbador
buzzer	fear	de zumbador
buzzer	joy	de zumbador
buzzer	negative	de zumbador
buzzer	positive	zumbador
buzzer	sadness	de zumbador
buzzer	surprise	de zumbador
buzzer	trust	de zumbador
incense	anger	incienso
incense	anticipation	de incienso
incense	disgust	de incienso
incense	fear	de incienso
incense	joy	incienso
incense	negative	de incienso
incense	positive	de incienso
incense	sadness	de incienso
incense	surprise	incienso
incense	trust	de incienso
indispensable	anger	indispensable
indispensable	anticipation	indispensable
indispensable	disgust	indispensable
indispensable	fear	indispensable
indispensable	joy	indispensable
indispensable	negative	indispensable
indispensable	positive	indispensable
indispensable	sadness	enrejado
indispensable	surprise	de enrejado
indispensable	trust	indispensable
trellis	anger	indispensable
trellis	anticipation	indispensable
trellis	disgust	enrejado
trellis	fear	de enrejado
trellis	joy	de enrejado
trellis	negative	de enrejado
trellis	positive	enrejado
trellis	sadness	de enrejado
trellis	surprise	de enrejado
trellis	trust	de enrejado
superstitious	anger	supersticioso
superstitious	anticipation	supersticioso
superstitious	disgust	supersticioso
superstitious	fear	supersticioso
superstitious	joy	supersticioso
superstitious	negative	supersticioso
superstitious	positive	supersticioso
superstitious	sadness	supersticioso
superstitious	surprise	supersticioso
superstitious	trust	supersticioso
sans	anger	sans
sans	anticipation	sans
sans	disgust	sans
sans	fear	sans
sans	joy	sans
sans	negative	sans
sans	positive	sans
sans	sadness	sans
sans	surprise	sans
sans	trust	sans
assassin	anger	assassin
assassin	anticipation	assassin
assassin	disgust	assassin
assassin	fear	assassin
assassin	joy	assassin
assassin	negative	assassin
assassin	positive	assassin
assassin	sadness	assassin
assassin	surprise	assassin
assassin	trust	assassin
blood	anger	sangre
blood	anticipation	de sangre
blood	disgust	de sangre
blood	fear	de sangre
blood	joy	sangre
blood	negative	de sangre
blood	positive	de sangre
blood	sadness	de sangre
blood	surprise	autenticidad
blood	trust	de autenticidad
authenticity	anger	de sangre
authenticity	anticipation	de sangre
authenticity	disgust	autenticidad
authenticity	fear	de autenticidad
authenticity	joy	de autenticidad
authenticity	negative	de autenticidad
authenticity	positive	autenticidad
authenticity	sadness	de autenticidad
authenticity	surprise	de autenticidad
authenticity	trust	de autenticidad
swarming	anger	swarming
swarming	anticipation	swarming
swarming	disgust	swarming
swarming	fear	swarming
swarming	joy	swarming
swarming	negative	swarming
swarming	positive	swarming
swarming	sadness	swarming
swarming	surprise	swarming
swarming	trust	swarming
listener	anger	oyente
listener	anticipation	de oyente
listener	disgust	de oyente
listener	fear	de oyente
listener	joy	oyente
listener	negative	de oyente
listener	positive	de oyente
listener	sadness	de oyente
listener	surprise	oyente
listener	trust	de oyente
litter	anger	ensucia
litter	anticipation	ensuciar
litter	disgust	ensuciar
litter	fear	ensuciar
litter	joy	ensuciar
litter	negative	ensuciar
litter	positive	ensuciar
litter	sadness	ensuciar
litter	surprise	ensuciar
litter	trust	ensuciar
betrayal	anger	traición
betrayal	anticipation	de traición
betrayal	disgust	de traición
betrayal	fear	de traición
betrayal	joy	traición
betrayal	negative	de traición
betrayal	positive	de traición
betrayal	sadness	de traición
betrayal	surprise	herradura
betrayal	trust	de herradura
horseshoe	anger	de traición
horseshoe	anticipation	de traición
horseshoe	disgust	herradura
horseshoe	fear	de herradura
horseshoe	joy	de herradura
horseshoe	negative	de herradura
horseshoe	positive	herradura
horseshoe	sadness	de herradura
horseshoe	surprise	de herradura
horseshoe	trust	de herradura
cider	anger	cider
cider	anticipation	cider
cider	disgust	cider
cider	fear	cider
cider	joy	cider
cider	negative	cider
cider	positive	cider
cider	sadness	cider
cider	surprise	cider
cider	trust	cider
pardon	anger	perdón
pardon	anticipation	de perdón
pardon	disgust	de perdón
pardon	fear	de perdón
pardon	joy	perdón
pardon	negative	de perdón
pardon	positive	de perdón
pardon	sadness	de perdón
pardon	surprise	perdón
pardon	trust	de perdón
feasible	anger	factible
feasible	anticipation	factible
feasible	disgust	factible
feasible	fear	factible
feasible	joy	factible
feasible	negative	factible
feasible	positive	factible
feasible	sadness	factible
feasible	surprise	factible
feasible	trust	factible
thermal	anger	térmico
thermal	anticipation	térmico
thermal	disgust	térmico
thermal	fear	térmico
thermal	joy	térmico
thermal	negative	térmico
thermal	positive	térmico
thermal	sadness	térmico
thermal	surprise	térmico
thermal	trust	térmico
stingy	anger	tacaño
stingy	anticipation	tacaño
stingy	disgust	tacaño
stingy	fear	tacaño
stingy	joy	tacaño
stingy	negative	tacaño
stingy	positive	tacaño
stingy	sadness	tacaño
stingy	surprise	tacaño
stingy	trust	tacaño
soapy	anger	jabonoso
soapy	anticipation	jabonoso
soapy	disgust	jabonoso
soapy	fear	jabonoso
soapy	joy	jabonoso
soapy	negative	jabonoso
soapy	positive	jabonoso
soapy	sadness	fórmula
soapy	surprise	de fórmula
soapy	trust	jabonosa
formula	anger	jabonosa
formula	anticipation	jabonosa
formula	disgust	fórmula
formula	fear	de fórmula
formula	joy	de fórmula
formula	negative	de fórmula
formula	positive	fórmula
formula	sadness	de fórmula
formula	surprise	de fórmula
formula	trust	de fórmula
indigo	anger	indigo
indigo	anticipation	indigo
indigo	disgust	indigo
indigo	fear	indigo
indigo	joy	indigo
indigo	negative	indigo
indigo	positive	indigo
indigo	sadness	indigo
indigo	surprise	indigo
indigo	trust	indigo
bask	anger	bask
bask	anticipation	bask
bask	disgust	bask
bask	fear	bask
bask	joy	bask
bask	negative	bask
bask	positive	bask
bask	sadness	bask
bask	surprise	bask
bask	trust	bask
galley	anger	galley
galley	anticipation	galley
galley	disgust	galley
galley	fear	galley
galley	joy	galley
galley	negative	galley
galley	positive	galley
galley	sadness	galley
galley	surprise	galley
galley	trust	galley
bereft	anger	bereft
bereft	anticipation	bereft
bereft	disgust	bereft
bereft	fear	bereft
bereft	joy	bereft
bereft	negative	bereft
bereft	positive	bereft
bereft	sadness	bereft
bereft	surprise	bereft
bereft	trust	bereft
cautionary	anger	cautionary
cautionary	anticipation	cautionary
cautionary	disgust	cautionary
cautionary	fear	cautionary
cautionary	joy	cautionary
cautionary	negative	cautionary
cautionary	positive	cautionary
cautionary	sadness	cautionary
cautionary	surprise	cautionary
cautionary	trust	cautionary
amusing	anger	divirtiendo
amusing	anticipation	divirtiendo
amusing	disgust	divirtiendo
amusing	fear	divirtiendo
amusing	joy	divirtiendo
amusing	negative	divirtiendo
amusing	positive	divirtiendo
amusing	sadness	divirtiendo
amusing	surprise	divirtiendo
amusing	trust	divirtiendo
umbrella	anger	paraguas
umbrella	anticipation	de paraguas
umbrella	disgust	de paraguas
umbrella	fear	de paraguas
umbrella	joy	paraguas
umbrella	negative	de paraguas
umbrella	positive	de paraguas
umbrella	sadness	de paraguas
umbrella	surprise	paraguas
umbrella	trust	de paraguas
leery	anger	leery
leery	anticipation	leery
leery	disgust	leery
leery	fear	leery
leery	joy	leery
leery	negative	leery
leery	positive	leery
leery	sadness	leery
leery	surprise	leery
leery	trust	leery
pang	anger	pang
pang	anticipation	pang
pang	disgust	pang
pang	fear	pang
pang	joy	pang
pang	negative	pang
pang	positive	pang
pang	sadness	pang
pang	surprise	pang
pang	trust	pang
gardening	anger	jardinería
gardening	anticipation	de jardinería
gardening	disgust	de jardinería
gardening	fear	de jardinería
gardening	joy	jardinería
gardening	negative	de jardinería
gardening	positive	de jardinería
gardening	sadness	de jardinería
gardening	surprise	galón
gardening	trust	de galón
chevron	anger	de jardinería
chevron	anticipation	de jardinería
chevron	disgust	galón
chevron	fear	de galón
chevron	joy	de galón
chevron	negative	de galón
chevron	positive	galón
chevron	sadness	de galón
chevron	surprise	de galón
chevron	trust	de galón
cop	anger	cop
cop	anticipation	cop
cop	disgust	cop
cop	fear	cop
cop	joy	cop
cop	negative	cop
cop	positive	cop
cop	sadness	cop
cop	surprise	cop
cop	trust	cop
increased	anger	aumentó
increased	anticipation	aumentado
increased	disgust	aumentó
increased	fear	aumentado
increased	joy	aumentó
increased	negative	aumentado
increased	positive	aumentó
increased	sadness	aumentado
increased	surprise	aumentó
increased	trust	aumentado
frequent	anger	frecuente
frequent	anticipation	frecuente
frequent	disgust	frecuente
frequent	fear	frecuente
frequent	joy	frecuente
frequent	negative	frecuente
frequent	positive	frecuente
frequent	sadness	esquí
frequent	surprise	de esquí
frequent	trust	frecuente
ski	anger	frecuente
ski	anticipation	frecuente
ski	disgust	esquí
ski	fear	de esquí
ski	joy	de esquí
ski	negative	de esquí
ski	positive	esquí
ski	sadness	de esquí
ski	surprise	de esquí
ski	trust	de esquí
innkeeper	anger	hostelero
innkeeper	anticipation	de hostelero
innkeeper	disgust	de hostelero
innkeeper	fear	de hostelero
innkeeper	joy	hostelero
innkeeper	negative	de hostelero
innkeeper	positive	de hostelero
innkeeper	sadness	de hostelero
innkeeper	surprise	hostelero
innkeeper	trust	de hostelero
spectral	anger	espectral
spectral	anticipation	espectral
spectral	disgust	espectral
spectral	fear	espectral
spectral	joy	espectral
spectral	negative	espectral
spectral	positive	espectral
spectral	sadness	oficinas
spectral	surprise	de oficinas
spectral	trust	espectrales
offices	anger	espectrales
offices	anticipation	espectrales
offices	disgust	oficinas
offices	fear	de oficinas
offices	joy	de oficinas
offices	negative	de oficinas
offices	positive	oficinas
offices	sadness	de oficinas
offices	surprise	de oficinas
offices	trust	de oficinas
whirlwind	anger	whirlwind
whirlwind	anticipation	whirlwind
whirlwind	disgust	whirlwind
whirlwind	fear	whirlwind
whirlwind	joy	whirlwind
whirlwind	negative	whirlwind
whirlwind	positive	whirlwind
whirlwind	sadness	whirlwind
whirlwind	surprise	whirlwind
whirlwind	trust	whirlwind
termite	anger	termita
termite	anticipation	de termita
termite	disgust	de termita
termite	fear	de termita
termite	joy	termita
termite	negative	de termita
termite	positive	de termita
termite	sadness	de termita
termite	surprise	termita
termite	trust	de termita
coldness	anger	coldness
coldness	anticipation	coldness
coldness	disgust	coldness
coldness	fear	coldness
coldness	joy	coldness
coldness	negative	coldness
coldness	positive	coldness
coldness	sadness	coldness
coldness	surprise	coldness
coldness	trust	coldness
remuneration	anger	remuneración
remuneration	anticipation	de remuneración
remuneration	disgust	de remuneración
remuneration	fear	de remuneración
remuneration	joy	remuneración
remuneration	negative	de remuneración
remuneration	positive	de remuneración
remuneration	sadness	de remuneración
remuneration	surprise	remuneración
remuneration	trust	de remuneración
pretend	anger	pretende
pretend	anticipation	pretender
pretend	disgust	pretender
pretend	fear	pretender
pretend	joy	pretender
pretend	negative	pretender
pretend	positive	pretender
pretend	sadness	pretender
pretend	surprise	pretender
pretend	trust	pretender
regularity	anger	regularidad
regularity	anticipation	de regularidad
regularity	disgust	de regularidad
regularity	fear	de regularidad
regularity	joy	regularidad
regularity	negative	de regularidad
regularity	positive	de regularidad
regularity	sadness	de regularidad
regularity	surprise	regularidad
regularity	trust	de regularidad
placid	anger	placid
placid	anticipation	placid
placid	disgust	placid
placid	fear	placid
placid	joy	placid
placid	negative	placid
placid	positive	placid
placid	sadness	placid
placid	surprise	placid
placid	trust	placid
independent	anger	independiente
independent	anticipation	independiente
independent	disgust	independiente
independent	fear	independiente
independent	joy	independiente
independent	negative	independiente
independent	positive	independiente
independent	sadness	pasividad
independent	surprise	de pasividad
independent	trust	independiente
passivity	anger	independiente
passivity	anticipation	independiente
passivity	disgust	pasividad
passivity	fear	de pasividad
passivity	joy	de pasividad
passivity	negative	de pasividad
passivity	positive	pasividad
passivity	sadness	de pasividad
passivity	surprise	de pasividad
passivity	trust	de pasividad
quality	anger	calidad
quality	anticipation	de calidad
quality	disgust	de calidad
quality	fear	de calidad
quality	joy	calidad
quality	negative	de calidad
quality	positive	de calidad
quality	sadness	de calidad
quality	surprise	pasaporte
quality	trust	de pasaporte
passport	anger	de calidad
passport	anticipation	de calidad
passport	disgust	pasaporte
passport	fear	de pasaporte
passport	joy	de pasaporte
passport	negative	de pasaporte
passport	positive	pasaporte
passport	sadness	de pasaporte
passport	surprise	de pasaporte
passport	trust	de pasaporte
cuisine	anger	cuisine
cuisine	anticipation	cuisine
cuisine	disgust	cuisine
cuisine	fear	cuisine
cuisine	joy	cuisine
cuisine	negative	cuisine
cuisine	positive	cuisine
cuisine	sadness	cuisine
cuisine	surprise	cuisine
cuisine	trust	cuisine
omnipotent	anger	omnipotente
omnipotent	anticipation	omnipotente
omnipotent	disgust	omnipotente
omnipotent	fear	omnipotente
omnipotent	joy	omnipotente
omnipotent	negative	omnipotente
omnipotent	positive	omnipotente
omnipotent	sadness	omnipotente
omnipotent	surprise	omnipotente
omnipotent	trust	omnipotente
lash	anger	lash
lash	anticipation	lash
lash	disgust	lash
lash	fear	lash
lash	joy	lash
lash	negative	lash
lash	positive	lash
lash	sadness	lash
lash	surprise	lash
lash	trust	lash
fecal	anger	fecal
fecal	anticipation	fecal
fecal	disgust	fecal
fecal	fear	fecal
fecal	joy	fecal
fecal	negative	fecal
fecal	positive	fecal
fecal	sadness	fecal
fecal	surprise	fecal
fecal	trust	fecal
depository	anger	depositario
depository	anticipation	depositario
depository	disgust	depositario
depository	fear	depositario
depository	joy	depositario
depository	negative	depositario
depository	positive	depositario
depository	sadness	impermeable
depository	surprise	de impermeable
depository	trust	depositario
raincoat	anger	depositario
raincoat	anticipation	depositario
raincoat	disgust	impermeable
raincoat	fear	de impermeable
raincoat	joy	de impermeable
raincoat	negative	de impermeable
raincoat	positive	impermeable
raincoat	sadness	de impermeable
raincoat	surprise	de impermeable
raincoat	trust	de impermeable
immaculate	anger	immaculate
immaculate	anticipation	immaculate
immaculate	disgust	immaculate
immaculate	fear	immaculate
immaculate	joy	immaculate
immaculate	negative	immaculate
immaculate	positive	immaculate
immaculate	sadness	immaculate
immaculate	surprise	immaculate
immaculate	trust	immaculate
hovercraft	anger	aerodeslizador
hovercraft	anticipation	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	disgust	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	fear	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	joy	aerodeslizador
hovercraft	negative	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	positive	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	sadness	de aerodeslizador
hovercraft	surprise	aerodeslizador
hovercraft	trust	de aerodeslizador
extricate	anger	extricate
extricate	anticipation	extricate
extricate	disgust	extricate
extricate	fear	extricate
extricate	joy	extricate
extricate	negative	extricate
extricate	positive	extricate
extricate	sadness	extricate
extricate	surprise	extricate
extricate	trust	extricate
archipelago	anger	archipiélago
archipelago	anticipation	de archipiélago
archipelago	disgust	de archipiélago
archipelago	fear	de archipiélago
archipelago	joy	archipiélago
archipelago	negative	de archipiélago
archipelago	positive	de archipiélago
archipelago	sadness	de archipiélago
archipelago	surprise	archipiélago
archipelago	trust	de archipiélago
food	anger	alimentario
food	anticipation	alimentario
food	disgust	alimentario
food	fear	alimentario
food	joy	alimentario
food	negative	alimentario
food	positive	alimentario
food	sadness	vacaciones
food	surprise	de vacaciones
food	trust	alimentarias
vacation	anger	alimentarias
vacation	anticipation	alimentarias
vacation	disgust	vacaciones
vacation	fear	de vacaciones
vacation	joy	de vacaciones
vacation	negative	de vacaciones
vacation	positive	vacaciones
vacation	sadness	de vacaciones
vacation	surprise	de vacaciones
vacation	trust	de vacaciones
endow	anger	dotan
endow	anticipation	dotar
endow	disgust	dotar
endow	fear	dotar
endow	joy	dotar
endow	negative	dotar
endow	positive	dotar
endow	sadness	dotar
endow	surprise	dotar
endow	trust	dotar
prominently	anger	prominently
prominently	anticipation	prominently
prominently	disgust	prominently
prominently	fear	prominently
prominently	joy	prominently
prominently	negative	prominently
prominently	positive	prominently
prominently	sadness	prominently
prominently	surprise	prominently
prominently	trust	prominently
intensity	anger	intensidad
intensity	anticipation	de intensidad
intensity	disgust	de intensidad
intensity	fear	de intensidad
intensity	joy	intensidad
intensity	negative	de intensidad
intensity	positive	de intensidad
intensity	sadness	de intensidad
intensity	surprise	sustitución
intensity	trust	de sustitución
replacement	anger	de intensidad
replacement	anticipation	de intensidad
replacement	disgust	sustitución
replacement	fear	de sustitución
replacement	joy	de sustitución
replacement	negative	de sustitución
replacement	positive	sustitución
replacement	sadness	de sustitución
replacement	surprise	de sustitución
replacement	trust	de sustitución
midway	anger	a mitad de camino
midway	anticipation	a mitad de camino
midway	disgust	a mitad de camino
midway	fear	a mitad de camino
midway	joy	a mitad de camino
midway	negative	a mitad de camino
midway	positive	a mitad de camino
midway	sadness	a mitad de camino
midway	surprise	a mitad de camino
midway	trust	a mitad de camino
distracted	anger	distrajo
distracted	anticipation	distraído
distracted	disgust	distrajo
distracted	fear	distraído
distracted	joy	distrajo
distracted	negative	distraído
distracted	positive	distrajo
distracted	sadness	distraído
distracted	surprise	distrajo
distracted	trust	distraído
vegetarian	anger	vegetariano
vegetarian	anticipation	vegetariano
vegetarian	disgust	vegetariano
vegetarian	fear	vegetariano
vegetarian	joy	vegetariano
vegetarian	negative	vegetariano
vegetarian	positive	vegetariano
vegetarian	sadness	vegetariano
vegetarian	surprise	vegetariano
vegetarian	trust	vegetariano
restricted	anger	restringió
restricted	anticipation	restringido
restricted	disgust	restringió
restricted	fear	restringido
restricted	joy	restringió
restricted	negative	restringido
restricted	positive	restringió
restricted	sadness	restringido
restricted	surprise	restringió
restricted	trust	ciruela
plum	anger	de ciruela
plum	anticipation	de ciruela
plum	disgust	restringida
plum	fear	ciruela
plum	joy	de ciruela
plum	negative	de ciruela
plum	positive	de ciruela
plum	sadness	ciruela
plum	surprise	de ciruela
plum	trust	de la ciruela
daily	anger	diariamente
daily	anticipation	diariamente
daily	disgust	diariamente
daily	fear	diariamente
daily	joy	diariamente
daily	negative	diariamente
daily	positive	diariamente
daily	sadness	diariamente
daily	surprise	diariamente
daily	trust	diariamente
grate	anger	grate
grate	anticipation	grate
grate	disgust	grate
grate	fear	grate
grate	joy	grate
grate	negative	grate
grate	positive	grate
grate	sadness	grate
grate	surprise	grate
grate	trust	grate
similar	anger	similar
similar	anticipation	similar
similar	disgust	similar
similar	fear	similar
similar	joy	similar
similar	negative	similar
similar	positive	similar
similar	sadness	similar
similar	surprise	similar
similar	trust	similar
ellipse	anger	ellipse
ellipse	anticipation	ellipse
ellipse	disgust	ellipse
ellipse	fear	ellipse
ellipse	joy	ellipse
ellipse	negative	ellipse
ellipse	positive	ellipse
ellipse	sadness	ellipse
ellipse	surprise	ellipse
ellipse	trust	ellipse
commemorate	anger	commemorate
commemorate	anticipation	commemorate
commemorate	disgust	commemorate
commemorate	fear	commemorate
commemorate	joy	commemorate
commemorate	negative	commemorate
commemorate	positive	commemorate
commemorate	sadness	commemorate
commemorate	surprise	commemorate
commemorate	trust	commemorate
incessantly	anger	incessantly
incessantly	anticipation	incessantly
incessantly	disgust	incessantly
incessantly	fear	incessantly
incessantly	joy	incessantly
incessantly	negative	incessantly
incessantly	positive	incessantly
incessantly	sadness	incessantly
incessantly	surprise	incessantly
incessantly	trust	incessantly
custody	anger	custodia
custody	anticipation	de custodia
custody	disgust	de custodia
custody	fear	de custodia
custody	joy	custodia
custody	negative	de custodia
custody	positive	de custodia
custody	sadness	de custodia
custody	surprise	custodia
custody	trust	de custodia
hoist	anger	hoist
hoist	anticipation	hoist
hoist	disgust	hoist
hoist	fear	hoist
hoist	joy	hoist
hoist	negative	hoist
hoist	positive	hoist
hoist	sadness	hoist
hoist	surprise	hoist
hoist	trust	hoist
consecutive	anger	consecutivo
consecutive	anticipation	consecutivo
consecutive	disgust	consecutivo
consecutive	fear	consecutivo
consecutive	joy	consecutivo
consecutive	negative	consecutivo
consecutive	positive	consecutivo
consecutive	sadness	dificultad
consecutive	surprise	de dificultad
consecutive	trust	consecutiva
difficulty	anger	consecutiva
difficulty	anticipation	consecutiva
difficulty	disgust	dificultad
difficulty	fear	de dificultad
difficulty	joy	de dificultad
difficulty	negative	de dificultad
difficulty	positive	dificultad
difficulty	sadness	de dificultad
difficulty	surprise	de dificultad
difficulty	trust	de dificultad
vigilant	anger	vigilant
vigilant	anticipation	vigilant
vigilant	disgust	vigilant
vigilant	fear	vigilant
vigilant	joy	vigilant
vigilant	negative	vigilant
vigilant	positive	vigilant
vigilant	sadness	vigilant
vigilant	surprise	vigilant
vigilant	trust	vigilant
rut	anger	rodera
rut	anticipation	de rodera
rut	disgust	de rodera
rut	fear	de rodera
rut	joy	rodera
rut	negative	de rodera
rut	positive	de rodera
rut	sadness	de rodera
rut	surprise	rodera
rut	trust	de rodera
combine	anger	combina
combine	anticipation	combinar
combine	disgust	combinar
combine	fear	combinar
combine	joy	combinar
combine	negative	combinar
combine	positive	combinar
combine	sadness	combinar
combine	surprise	combinar
combine	trust	combinar
summer	anger	verano
summer	anticipation	de verano
summer	disgust	de verano
summer	fear	de verano
summer	joy	verano
summer	negative	de verano
summer	positive	de verano
summer	sadness	de verano
summer	surprise	verano
summer	trust	de verano
bigot	anger	bigot
bigot	anticipation	bigot
bigot	disgust	bigot
bigot	fear	bigot
bigot	joy	bigot
bigot	negative	bigot
bigot	positive	bigot
bigot	sadness	bigot
bigot	surprise	bigot
bigot	trust	bigot
sob	anger	sob
sob	anticipation	sob
sob	disgust	sob
sob	fear	sob
sob	joy	sob
sob	negative	sob
sob	positive	sob
sob	sadness	sob
sob	surprise	sob
sob	trust	sob
laden	anger	laden
laden	anticipation	laden
laden	disgust	laden
laden	fear	laden
laden	joy	laden
laden	negative	laden
laden	positive	laden
laden	sadness	laden
laden	surprise	laden
laden	trust	laden
waste	anger	residuos
waste	anticipation	de residuos
waste	disgust	de residuos
waste	fear	de residuos
waste	joy	residuos
waste	negative	de residuos
waste	positive	de residuos
waste	sadness	de residuos
waste	surprise	residuos
waste	trust	de residuos
adequacy	anger	adequacy
adequacy	anticipation	adequacy
adequacy	disgust	adequacy
adequacy	fear	adequacy
adequacy	joy	adequacy
adequacy	negative	adequacy
adequacy	positive	adequacy
adequacy	sadness	adequacy
adequacy	surprise	adequacy
adequacy	trust	adequacy
aegis	anger	aegis
aegis	anticipation	aegis
aegis	disgust	aegis
aegis	fear	aegis
aegis	joy	aegis
aegis	negative	aegis
aegis	positive	aegis
aegis	sadness	aegis
aegis	surprise	aegis
aegis	trust	aegis
hold	anger	control
hold	anticipation	de control
hold	disgust	de control
hold	fear	de control
hold	joy	control
hold	negative	de control
hold	positive	de control
hold	sadness	de control
hold	surprise	control
hold	trust	de control
asleep	anger	dormido
asleep	anticipation	dormido
asleep	disgust	dormido
asleep	fear	dormido
asleep	joy	dormido
asleep	negative	dormido
asleep	positive	dormido
asleep	sadness	dormido
asleep	surprise	dormido
asleep	trust	dormido
precise	anger	preciso
precise	anticipation	preciso
precise	disgust	preciso
precise	fear	preciso
precise	joy	preciso
precise	negative	preciso
precise	positive	preciso
precise	sadness	preciso
precise	surprise	preciso
precise	trust	preciso
frisky	anger	frisky
frisky	anticipation	frisky
frisky	disgust	frisky
frisky	fear	frisky
frisky	joy	frisky
frisky	negative	frisky
frisky	positive	frisky
frisky	sadness	frisky
frisky	surprise	frisky
frisky	trust	frisky
modality	anger	modalidad
modality	anticipation	de modalidad
modality	disgust	de modalidad
modality	fear	de modalidad
modality	joy	modalidad
modality	negative	de modalidad
modality	positive	de modalidad
modality	sadness	de modalidad
modality	surprise	índice
modality	trust	de índice
rating	anger	de modalidad
rating	anticipation	de modalidad
rating	disgust	índice
rating	fear	de índice
rating	joy	de índice
rating	negative	de índice
rating	positive	índice
rating	sadness	de índice
rating	surprise	de índice
rating	trust	de índice
named	anger	nombró
named	anticipation	nombrado
named	disgust	nombró
named	fear	nombrado
named	joy	nombró
named	negative	nombrado
named	positive	nombró
named	sadness	nombrado
named	surprise	nombró
named	trust	decepción
disappointment	anger	de decepción
disappointment	anticipation	de decepción
disappointment	disgust	nombrada
disappointment	fear	decepción
disappointment	joy	de decepción
disappointment	negative	de decepción
disappointment	positive	de decepción
disappointment	sadness	decepción
disappointment	surprise	de decepción
disappointment	trust	de la decepción
vertically	anger	verticalmente
vertically	anticipation	verticalmente
vertically	disgust	verticalmente
vertically	fear	verticalmente
vertically	joy	verticalmente
vertically	negative	verticalmente
vertically	positive	verticalmente
vertically	sadness	verticalmente
vertically	surprise	verticalmente
vertically	trust	verticalmente
criticism	anger	crítica
criticism	anticipation	de crítica
criticism	disgust	de crítica
criticism	fear	de crítica
criticism	joy	crítica
criticism	negative	de crítica
criticism	positive	de crítica
criticism	sadness	de crítica
criticism	surprise	embutido
criticism	trust	de embutido
stuffing	anger	de crítica
stuffing	anticipation	de crítica
stuffing	disgust	embutido
stuffing	fear	de embutido
stuffing	joy	de embutido
stuffing	negative	de embutido
stuffing	positive	embutido
stuffing	sadness	de embutido
stuffing	surprise	de embutido
stuffing	trust	de embutido
factory	anger	fábrica
factory	anticipation	de fábrica
factory	disgust	de fábrica
factory	fear	de fábrica
factory	joy	fábrica
factory	negative	de fábrica
factory	positive	de fábrica
factory	sadness	de fábrica
factory	surprise	fábrica
factory	trust	de fábrica
convert	anger	convierte
convert	anticipation	convertir
convert	disgust	convertir
convert	fear	convertir
convert	joy	convertir
convert	negative	convertir
convert	positive	convertir
convert	sadness	convertir
convert	surprise	convertir
convert	trust	convertir
standardize	anger	estandarizar
standardize	anticipation	estandarizar
standardize	disgust	estandarizar
standardize	fear	estandarizar
standardize	joy	estandarizar
standardize	negative	estandarizar
standardize	positive	estandarizar
standardize	sadness	estandarizar
standardize	surprise	estandarizar
standardize	trust	estandarizar
labor	anger	trabajo
labor	anticipation	de trabajo
labor	disgust	de trabajo
labor	fear	de trabajo
labor	joy	trabajo
labor	negative	de trabajo
labor	positive	de trabajo
labor	sadness	de trabajo
labor	surprise	prisión
labor	trust	de prisión
prison	anger	de trabajo
prison	anticipation	de trabajo
prison	disgust	prisión
prison	fear	de prisión
prison	joy	de prisión
prison	negative	de prisión
prison	positive	prisión
prison	sadness	de prisión
prison	surprise	de prisión
prison	trust	de prisión
regeneration	anger	regeneración
regeneration	anticipation	de regeneración
regeneration	disgust	de regeneración
regeneration	fear	de regeneración
regeneration	joy	regeneración
regeneration	negative	de regeneración
regeneration	positive	de regeneración
regeneration	sadness	de regeneración
regeneration	surprise	licencia
regeneration	trust	de licencia
license	anger	de regeneración
license	anticipation	de regeneración
license	disgust	licencia
license	fear	de licencia
license	joy	de licencia
license	negative	de licencia
license	positive	licencia
license	sadness	de licencia
license	surprise	de licencia
license	trust	de licencia
errant	anger	errant
errant	anticipation	errant
errant	disgust	errant
errant	fear	errant
errant	joy	errant
errant	negative	errant
errant	positive	errant
errant	sadness	errant
errant	surprise	errant
errant	trust	errant
starry	anger	estrellado
starry	anticipation	estrellado
starry	disgust	estrellado
starry	fear	estrellado
starry	joy	estrellado
starry	negative	estrellado
starry	positive	estrellado
starry	sadness	nudo
starry	surprise	de nudo
starry	trust	estrellado
knot	anger	estrellado
knot	anticipation	estrellado
knot	disgust	nudo
knot	fear	de nudo
knot	joy	de nudo
knot	negative	de nudo
knot	positive	nudo
knot	sadness	de nudo
knot	surprise	de nudo
knot	trust	de nudo
cultivate	anger	cultiva
cultivate	anticipation	cultivar
cultivate	disgust	cultivar
cultivate	fear	cultivar
cultivate	joy	cultivar
cultivate	negative	cultivar
cultivate	positive	cultivar
cultivate	sadness	cultivar
cultivate	surprise	cultivar
cultivate	trust	cultivar
waterworks	anger	waterworks
waterworks	anticipation	waterworks
waterworks	disgust	waterworks
waterworks	fear	waterworks
waterworks	joy	waterworks
waterworks	negative	waterworks
waterworks	positive	waterworks
waterworks	sadness	waterworks
waterworks	surprise	waterworks
waterworks	trust	waterworks
explanation	anger	explicación
explanation	anticipation	de explicación
explanation	disgust	de explicación
explanation	fear	de explicación
explanation	joy	explicación
explanation	negative	de explicación
explanation	positive	de explicación
explanation	sadness	de explicación
explanation	surprise	débito
explanation	trust	de débito
debit	anger	de explicación
debit	anticipation	de explicación
debit	disgust	débito
debit	fear	de débito
debit	joy	de débito
debit	negative	de débito
debit	positive	débito
debit	sadness	de débito
debit	surprise	de débito
debit	trust	de débito
cognition	anger	cognición
cognition	anticipation	de cognición
cognition	disgust	de cognición
cognition	fear	de cognición
cognition	joy	cognición
cognition	negative	de cognición
cognition	positive	de cognición
cognition	sadness	de cognición
cognition	surprise	cognición
cognition	trust	de cognición
sufferer	anger	sufferer
sufferer	anticipation	sufferer
sufferer	disgust	sufferer
sufferer	fear	sufferer
sufferer	joy	sufferer
sufferer	negative	sufferer
sufferer	positive	sufferer
sufferer	sadness	sufferer
sufferer	surprise	sufferer
sufferer	trust	sufferer
prying	anger	prying
prying	anticipation	prying
prying	disgust	prying
prying	fear	prying
prying	joy	prying
prying	negative	prying
prying	positive	prying
prying	sadness	prying
prying	surprise	prying
prying	trust	prying
damnation	anger	damnation
damnation	anticipation	damnation
damnation	disgust	damnation
damnation	fear	damnation
damnation	joy	damnation
damnation	negative	damnation
damnation	positive	damnation
damnation	sadness	damnation
damnation	surprise	damnation
damnation	trust	damnation
summation	anger	summation
summation	anticipation	summation
summation	disgust	summation
summation	fear	summation
summation	joy	summation
summation	negative	summation
summation	positive	summation
summation	sadness	summation
summation	surprise	summation
summation	trust	summation
larger	anger	más grande
larger	anticipation	más grande
larger	disgust	más grande
larger	fear	más grande
larger	joy	más grande
larger	negative	más grande
larger	positive	más grande
larger	sadness	plaga
larger	surprise	de plaga
larger	trust	más grande
pest	anger	más grande
pest	anticipation	más grande
pest	disgust	plaga
pest	fear	de plaga
pest	joy	de plaga
pest	negative	de plaga
pest	positive	plaga
pest	sadness	de plaga
pest	surprise	de plaga
pest	trust	de plaga
concurring	anger	concurring
concurring	anticipation	concurring
concurring	disgust	concurring
concurring	fear	concurring
concurring	joy	concurring
concurring	negative	concurring
concurring	positive	concurring
concurring	sadness	concurring
concurring	surprise	concurring
concurring	trust	concurring
bribery	anger	bribery
bribery	anticipation	bribery
bribery	disgust	bribery
bribery	fear	bribery
bribery	joy	bribery
bribery	negative	bribery
bribery	positive	bribery
bribery	sadness	bribery
bribery	surprise	bribery
bribery	trust	bribery
scholarship	anger	beca
scholarship	anticipation	de beca
scholarship	disgust	de beca
scholarship	fear	de beca
scholarship	joy	beca
scholarship	negative	de beca
scholarship	positive	de beca
scholarship	sadness	de beca
scholarship	surprise	campaña
scholarship	trust	de campaña
campaign	anger	de beca
campaign	anticipation	de beca
campaign	disgust	campaña
campaign	fear	de campaña
campaign	joy	de campaña
campaign	negative	de campaña
campaign	positive	campaña
campaign	sadness	de campaña
campaign	surprise	de campaña
campaign	trust	de campaña
attributable	anger	attributable
attributable	anticipation	attributable
attributable	disgust	attributable
attributable	fear	attributable
attributable	joy	attributable
attributable	negative	attributable
attributable	positive	attributable
attributable	sadness	attributable
attributable	surprise	attributable
attributable	trust	attributable
propriety	anger	propriety
propriety	anticipation	propriety
propriety	disgust	propriety
propriety	fear	propriety
propriety	joy	propriety
propriety	negative	propriety
propriety	positive	propriety
propriety	sadness	propriety
propriety	surprise	propriety
propriety	trust	propriety
predicament	anger	predicament
predicament	anticipation	predicament
predicament	disgust	predicament
predicament	fear	predicament
predicament	joy	predicament
predicament	negative	predicament
predicament	positive	predicament
predicament	sadness	predicament
predicament	surprise	predicament
predicament	trust	predicament
expiration	anger	expiration
expiration	anticipation	expiration
expiration	disgust	expiration
expiration	fear	expiration
expiration	joy	expiration
expiration	negative	expiration
expiration	positive	expiration
expiration	sadness	expiration
expiration	surprise	expiration
expiration	trust	expiration
politics	anger	política
politics	anticipation	de política
politics	disgust	de política
politics	fear	de política
politics	joy	política
politics	negative	de política
politics	positive	de política
politics	sadness	de política
politics	surprise	tráquea
politics	trust	de tráquea
trachea	anger	de política
trachea	anticipation	de política
trachea	disgust	tráquea
trachea	fear	de tráquea
trachea	joy	de tráquea
trachea	negative	de tráquea
trachea	positive	tráquea
trachea	sadness	de tráquea
trachea	surprise	de tráquea
trachea	trust	de tráquea
occupied	anger	ocupó
occupied	anticipation	ocupada
occupied	disgust	ocupó
occupied	fear	ocupado
occupied	joy	ocupó
occupied	negative	ocupado
occupied	positive	ocupó
occupied	sadness	ocupado
occupied	surprise	ocupó
occupied	trust	ocupado
nude	anger	desnudo
nude	anticipation	desnudo
nude	disgust	desnudo
nude	fear	desnudo
nude	joy	desnudo
nude	negative	desnudo
nude	positive	desnudo
nude	sadness	insurrección
nude	surprise	de insurrección
nude	trust	desnuda
insurrection	anger	desnuda
insurrection	anticipation	desnuda
insurrection	disgust	insurrección
insurrection	fear	de insurrección
insurrection	joy	de insurrección
insurrection	negative	de insurrección
insurrection	positive	insurrección
insurrection	sadness	de insurrección
insurrection	surprise	de insurrección
insurrection	trust	de insurrección
mount	anger	monte
mount	anticipation	de monte
mount	disgust	de monte
mount	fear	de monte
mount	joy	monte
mount	negative	de monte
mount	positive	de monte
mount	sadness	de monte
mount	surprise	monte
mount	trust	de monte
profanity	anger	profanity
profanity	anticipation	profanity
profanity	disgust	profanity
profanity	fear	profanity
profanity	joy	profanity
profanity	negative	profanity
profanity	positive	profanity
profanity	sadness	profanity
profanity	surprise	profanity
profanity	trust	profanity
monograph	anger	monografía
monograph	anticipation	de monografía
monograph	disgust	de monografía
monograph	fear	de monografía
monograph	joy	monografía
monograph	negative	de monografía
monograph	positive	de monografía
monograph	sadness	de monografía
monograph	surprise	monografía
monograph	trust	de monografía
doubled	anger	plegó
doubled	anticipation	plegada
doubled	disgust	plegó
doubled	fear	plegado
doubled	joy	plegó
doubled	negative	plegado
doubled	positive	plegó
doubled	sadness	plegado
doubled	surprise	plegó
doubled	trust	plegado
proximate	anger	proximate
proximate	anticipation	proximate
proximate	disgust	proximate
proximate	fear	proximate
proximate	joy	proximate
proximate	negative	proximate
proximate	positive	proximate
proximate	sadness	proximate
proximate	surprise	proximate
proximate	trust	proximate
crawl	anger	crawl
crawl	anticipation	crawl
crawl	disgust	crawl
crawl	fear	crawl
crawl	joy	crawl
crawl	negative	crawl
crawl	positive	crawl
crawl	sadness	crawl
crawl	surprise	crawl
crawl	trust	crawl
misdemeanor	anger	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	anticipation	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	disgust	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	fear	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	joy	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	negative	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	positive	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	sadness	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	surprise	misdemeanor
misdemeanor	trust	misdemeanor
sublimation	anger	sublimación
sublimation	anticipation	de sublimación
sublimation	disgust	de sublimación
sublimation	fear	de sublimación
sublimation	joy	sublimación
sublimation	negative	de sublimación
sublimation	positive	de sublimación
sublimation	sadness	de sublimación
sublimation	surprise	sublimación
sublimation	trust	de sublimación
gelatin	anger	gelatin
gelatin	anticipation	gelatin
gelatin	disgust	gelatin
gelatin	fear	gelatin
gelatin	joy	gelatin
gelatin	negative	gelatin
gelatin	positive	gelatin
gelatin	sadness	gelatin
gelatin	surprise	gelatin
gelatin	trust	gelatin
motor	anger	motor
motor	anticipation	de motor
motor	disgust	de motor
motor	fear	de motor
motor	joy	motor
motor	negative	de motor
motor	positive	de motor
motor	sadness	de motor
motor	surprise	motor
motor	trust	de motor
fiend	anger	fiend
fiend	anticipation	fiend
fiend	disgust	fiend
fiend	fear	fiend
fiend	joy	fiend
fiend	negative	fiend
fiend	positive	fiend
fiend	sadness	fiend
fiend	surprise	fiend
fiend	trust	fiend
yearling	anger	yearling
yearling	anticipation	yearling
yearling	disgust	yearling
yearling	fear	yearling
yearling	joy	yearling
yearling	negative	yearling
yearling	positive	yearling
yearling	sadness	yearling
yearling	surprise	yearling
yearling	trust	yearling
underpants	anger	underpants
underpants	anticipation	underpants
underpants	disgust	underpants
underpants	fear	underpants
underpants	joy	underpants
underpants	negative	underpants
underpants	positive	underpants
underpants	sadness	underpants
underpants	surprise	underpants
underpants	trust	underpants
sickle	anger	sickle
sickle	anticipation	sickle
sickle	disgust	sickle
sickle	fear	sickle
sickle	joy	sickle
sickle	negative	sickle
sickle	positive	sickle
sickle	sadness	sickle
sickle	surprise	sickle
sickle	trust	sickle
unfurnished	anger	unfurnished
unfurnished	anticipation	unfurnished
unfurnished	disgust	unfurnished
unfurnished	fear	unfurnished
unfurnished	joy	unfurnished
unfurnished	negative	unfurnished
unfurnished	positive	unfurnished
unfurnished	sadness	unfurnished
unfurnished	surprise	unfurnished
unfurnished	trust	unfurnished
mourning	anger	llorando
mourning	anticipation	llorando
mourning	disgust	llorando
mourning	fear	llorando
mourning	joy	llorando
mourning	negative	llorando
mourning	positive	llorando
mourning	sadness	llorando
mourning	surprise	llorando
mourning	trust	llorando
tapering	anger	tapering
tapering	anticipation	tapering
tapering	disgust	tapering
tapering	fear	tapering
tapering	joy	tapering
tapering	negative	tapering
tapering	positive	tapering
tapering	sadness	tapering
tapering	surprise	tapering
tapering	trust	tapering
guilty	anger	culpable
guilty	anticipation	culpable
guilty	disgust	culpable
guilty	fear	culpable
guilty	joy	culpable
guilty	negative	culpable
guilty	positive	culpable
guilty	sadness	culpable
guilty	surprise	culpable
guilty	trust	culpable
stalk	anger	stalk
stalk	anticipation	stalk
stalk	disgust	stalk
stalk	fear	stalk
stalk	joy	stalk
stalk	negative	stalk
stalk	positive	stalk
stalk	sadness	stalk
stalk	surprise	stalk
stalk	trust	stalk
shortage	anger	escasez
shortage	anticipation	de escasez
shortage	disgust	de escasez
shortage	fear	de escasez
shortage	joy	escasez
shortage	negative	de escasez
shortage	positive	de escasez
shortage	sadness	de escasez
shortage	surprise	escasez
shortage	trust	de escasez
intuitively	anger	intuitively
intuitively	anticipation	intuitively
intuitively	disgust	intuitively
intuitively	fear	intuitively
intuitively	joy	intuitively
intuitively	negative	intuitively
intuitively	positive	intuitively
intuitively	sadness	intuitively
intuitively	surprise	intuitively
intuitively	trust	intuitively
coke	anger	coke
coke	anticipation	coke
coke	disgust	coke
coke	fear	coke
coke	joy	coke
coke	negative	coke
coke	positive	coke
coke	sadness	coke
coke	surprise	coke
coke	trust	coke
slayer	anger	slayer
slayer	anticipation	slayer
slayer	disgust	slayer
slayer	fear	slayer
slayer	joy	slayer
slayer	negative	slayer
slayer	positive	slayer
slayer	sadness	slayer
slayer	surprise	slayer
slayer	trust	slayer
rumor	anger	rumor
rumor	anticipation	de rumor
rumor	disgust	de rumor
rumor	fear	de rumor
rumor	joy	rumor
rumor	negative	de rumor
rumor	positive	de rumor
rumor	sadness	de rumor
rumor	surprise	alarma
rumor	trust	de alarma
alarm	anger	de rumor
alarm	anticipation	de rumor
alarm	disgust	alarma
alarm	fear	de alarma
alarm	joy	de alarma
alarm	negative	de alarma
alarm	positive	alarma
alarm	sadness	de alarma
alarm	surprise	de alarma
alarm	trust	de alarma
fallible	anger	falible
fallible	anticipation	falible
fallible	disgust	falible
fallible	fear	falible
fallible	joy	falible
fallible	negative	falible
fallible	positive	falible
fallible	sadness	aspectos
fallible	surprise	de aspectos
fallible	trust	falibles
aspects	anger	falibles
aspects	anticipation	falibles
aspects	disgust	aspectos
aspects	fear	de aspectos
aspects	joy	de aspectos
aspects	negative	de aspectos
aspects	positive	aspectos
aspects	sadness	de aspectos
aspects	surprise	de aspectos
aspects	trust	de aspectos
fragile	anger	frágiles
fragile	anticipation	frágiles
fragile	disgust	frágiles
fragile	fear	frágiles
fragile	joy	frágiles
fragile	negative	frágiles
fragile	positive	frágiles
fragile	sadness	frágiles
fragile	surprise	frágiles
fragile	trust	frágiles
abound	anger	abundar
abound	anticipation	abundar
abound	disgust	abundar
abound	fear	abundar
abound	joy	abundar
abound	negative	abundar
abound	positive	abundar
abound	sadness	abundar
abound	surprise	abundar
abound	trust	abundar
enforce	anger	aplicar
enforce	anticipation	aplicar
enforce	disgust	aplicar
enforce	fear	aplicar
enforce	joy	aplicar
enforce	negative	aplicar
enforce	positive	aplicar
enforce	sadness	aplicar
enforce	surprise	aplicar
enforce	trust	aplicar
weightless	anger	weightless
weightless	anticipation	weightless
weightless	disgust	weightless
weightless	fear	weightless
weightless	joy	weightless
weightless	negative	weightless
weightless	positive	weightless
weightless	sadness	weightless
weightless	surprise	weightless
weightless	trust	weightless
raised	anger	levantó
raised	anticipation	levantado
raised	disgust	levantó
raised	fear	levantado
raised	joy	levantó
raised	negative	levantado
raised	positive	levantó
raised	sadness	levantado
raised	surprise	levantó
raised	trust	levantado
reconsideration	anger	reconsideration
reconsideration	anticipation	reconsideration
reconsideration	disgust	reconsideration
reconsideration	fear	reconsideration
reconsideration	joy	reconsideration
reconsideration	negative	reconsideration
reconsideration	positive	reconsideration
reconsideration	sadness	reconsideration
reconsideration	surprise	reconsideration
reconsideration	trust	reconsideration
rescind	anger	rescind
rescind	anticipation	rescind
rescind	disgust	rescind
rescind	fear	rescind
rescind	joy	rescind
rescind	negative	rescind
rescind	positive	rescind
rescind	sadness	rescind
rescind	surprise	rescind
rescind	trust	rescind
clutches	anger	garras
clutches	anticipation	de garras
clutches	disgust	de garras
clutches	fear	de garras
clutches	joy	garras
clutches	negative	de garras
clutches	positive	de garras
clutches	sadness	de garras
clutches	surprise	garras
clutches	trust	de garras
den	anger	den
den	anticipation	den
den	disgust	den
den	fear	den
den	joy	den
den	negative	den
den	positive	den
den	sadness	den
den	surprise	den
den	trust	den
ass	anger	asno
ass	anticipation	de asno
ass	disgust	de asno
ass	fear	de asno
ass	joy	asno
ass	negative	de asno
ass	positive	de asno
ass	sadness	de asno
ass	surprise	asesino
ass	trust	de asesino
murderer	anger	de asno
murderer	anticipation	de asno
murderer	disgust	asesino
murderer	fear	de asesino
murderer	joy	de asesino
murderer	negative	de asesino
murderer	positive	asesino
murderer	sadness	de asesino
murderer	surprise	de asesino
murderer	trust	de asesino
elude	anger	elude
elude	anticipation	elude
elude	disgust	elude
elude	fear	elude
elude	joy	elude
elude	negative	elude
elude	positive	elude
elude	sadness	elude
elude	surprise	elude
elude	trust	elude
deteriorated	anger	deteriorated
deteriorated	anticipation	deteriorated
deteriorated	disgust	deteriorated
deteriorated	fear	deteriorated
deteriorated	joy	deteriorated
deteriorated	negative	deteriorated
deteriorated	positive	deteriorated
deteriorated	sadness	deteriorated
deteriorated	surprise	deteriorated
deteriorated	trust	deteriorated
partisan	anger	partisan
partisan	anticipation	partisan
partisan	disgust	partisan
partisan	fear	partisan
partisan	joy	partisan
partisan	negative	partisan
partisan	positive	partisan
partisan	sadness	partisan
partisan	surprise	partisan
partisan	trust	partisan
lark	anger	alondra
lark	anticipation	de alondra
lark	disgust	de alondra
lark	fear	de alondra
lark	joy	alondra
lark	negative	de alondra
lark	positive	de alondra
lark	sadness	de alondra
lark	surprise	alondra
lark	trust	de alondra
ensure	anger	asegura
ensure	anticipation	asegurar
ensure	disgust	asegurar
ensure	fear	asegurar
ensure	joy	asegurar
ensure	negative	asegurar
ensure	positive	asegurar
ensure	sadness	asegurar
ensure	surprise	asegurar
ensure	trust	asegurar
judicious	anger	judicious
judicious	anticipation	judicious
judicious	disgust	judicious
judicious	fear	judicious
judicious	joy	judicious
judicious	negative	judicious
judicious	positive	judicious
judicious	sadness	judicious
judicious	surprise	judicious
judicious	trust	judicious
impersonation	anger	impersonation
impersonation	anticipation	impersonation
impersonation	disgust	impersonation
impersonation	fear	impersonation
impersonation	joy	impersonation
impersonation	negative	impersonation
impersonation	positive	impersonation
impersonation	sadness	impersonation
impersonation	surprise	impersonation
impersonation	trust	impersonation
mistress	anger	mistress
mistress	anticipation	mistress
mistress	disgust	mistress
mistress	fear	mistress
mistress	joy	mistress
mistress	negative	mistress
mistress	positive	mistress
mistress	sadness	mistress
mistress	surprise	mistress
mistress	trust	mistress
authorization	anger	autorización
authorization	anticipation	de autorización
authorization	disgust	de autorización
authorization	fear	de autorización
authorization	joy	autorización
authorization	negative	de autorización
authorization	positive	de autorización
authorization	sadness	de autorización
authorization	surprise	autorización
authorization	trust	de autorización
delicious	anger	deliciosa
delicious	anticipation	delicioso
delicious	disgust	delicioso
delicious	fear	delicioso
delicious	joy	delicioso
delicious	negative	delicioso
delicious	positive	delicioso
delicious	sadness	emisión
delicious	surprise	deliciosa
delicious	trust	deliciosa
broadcast	anger	deliciosa
broadcast	anticipation	retransmite
broadcast	disgust	la emisión
broadcast	fear	retransmitida
broadcast	joy	retransmite
broadcast	negative	la emisión
broadcast	positive	retransmitida
broadcast	sadness	retransmite
broadcast	surprise	la emisión
broadcast	trust	retransmitida
decomposed	anger	descompuso
decomposed	anticipation	descompuesta
decomposed	disgust	descompuso
decomposed	fear	descompuesto
decomposed	joy	descompuso
decomposed	negative	descompuesto
decomposed	positive	descompuso
decomposed	sadness	descompuesto
decomposed	surprise	descompuso
decomposed	trust	bagatela
trifle	anger	de bagatela
trifle	anticipation	de bagatela
trifle	disgust	descompuesta
trifle	fear	bagatela
trifle	joy	de bagatela
trifle	negative	de bagatela
trifle	positive	de bagatela
trifle	sadness	bagatela
trifle	surprise	de bagatela
trifle	trust	de la bagatela
arched	anger	arqueó
arched	anticipation	arqueada
arched	disgust	arqueó
arched	fear	arqueado
arched	joy	arqueó
arched	negative	arqueado
arched	positive	arqueó
arched	sadness	arqueado
arched	surprise	arqueó
arched	trust	arqueado
bosom	anger	bosom
bosom	anticipation	bosom
bosom	disgust	bosom
bosom	fear	bosom
bosom	joy	bosom
bosom	negative	bosom
bosom	positive	bosom
bosom	sadness	bosom
bosom	surprise	bosom
bosom	trust	bosom
ode	anger	oda
ode	anticipation	de oda
ode	disgust	de oda
ode	fear	de oda
ode	joy	oda
ode	negative	de oda
ode	positive	de oda
ode	sadness	de oda
ode	surprise	oda
ode	trust	de oda
innermost	anger	innermost
innermost	anticipation	innermost
innermost	disgust	innermost
innermost	fear	innermost
innermost	joy	innermost
innermost	negative	innermost
innermost	positive	innermost
innermost	sadness	innermost
innermost	surprise	innermost
innermost	trust	innermost
aviary	anger	aviary
aviary	anticipation	aviary
aviary	disgust	aviary
aviary	fear	aviary
aviary	joy	aviary
aviary	negative	aviary
aviary	positive	aviary
aviary	sadness	aviary
aviary	surprise	aviary
aviary	trust	aviary
broke	anger	rompió
broke	anticipation	rompió
broke	disgust	rompió
broke	fear	rompió
broke	joy	rompió
broke	negative	rompió
broke	positive	rompió
broke	sadness	rompió
broke	surprise	rompió
broke	trust	rompió
girder	anger	girder
girder	anticipation	girder
girder	disgust	girder
girder	fear	girder
girder	joy	girder
girder	negative	girder
girder	positive	girder
girder	sadness	girder
girder	surprise	girder
girder	trust	girder
newness	anger	newness
newness	anticipation	newness
newness	disgust	newness
newness	fear	newness
newness	joy	newness
newness	negative	newness
newness	positive	newness
newness	sadness	newness
newness	surprise	newness
newness	trust	newness
whit	anger	whit
whit	anticipation	whit
whit	disgust	whit
whit	fear	whit
whit	joy	whit
whit	negative	whit
whit	positive	whit
whit	sadness	whit
whit	surprise	whit
whit	trust	whit
shining	anger	brillando
shining	anticipation	brillando
shining	disgust	brillando
shining	fear	brillando
shining	joy	brillando
shining	negative	brillando
shining	positive	brillando
shining	sadness	brillando
shining	surprise	brillando
shining	trust	brillando
politician	anger	político
politician	anticipation	de político
politician	disgust	de político
politician	fear	de político
politician	joy	político
politician	negative	de político
politician	positive	de político
politician	sadness	de político
politician	surprise	deterioro
politician	trust	de deterioro
deterioration	anger	de político
deterioration	anticipation	de político
deterioration	disgust	deterioro
deterioration	fear	de deterioro
deterioration	joy	de deterioro
deterioration	negative	de deterioro
deterioration	positive	deterioro
deterioration	sadness	de deterioro
deterioration	surprise	de deterioro
deterioration	trust	de deterioro
separate	anger	separa
separate	anticipation	separado
separate	disgust	separado
separate	fear	separado
separate	joy	separado
separate	negative	separado
separate	positive	separado
separate	sadness	separado
separate	surprise	separado
separate	trust	separado
ruddy	anger	ruddy
ruddy	anticipation	ruddy
ruddy	disgust	ruddy
ruddy	fear	ruddy
ruddy	joy	ruddy
ruddy	negative	ruddy
ruddy	positive	ruddy
ruddy	sadness	ruddy
ruddy	surprise	ruddy
ruddy	trust	ruddy
outing	anger	outing
outing	anticipation	outing
outing	disgust	outing
outing	fear	outing
outing	joy	outing
outing	negative	outing
outing	positive	outing
outing	sadness	outing
outing	surprise	outing
outing	trust	outing
comforter	anger	comforter
comforter	anticipation	comforter
comforter	disgust	comforter
comforter	fear	comforter
comforter	joy	comforter
comforter	negative	comforter
comforter	positive	comforter
comforter	sadness	comforter
comforter	surprise	comforter
comforter	trust	comforter
conduction	anger	conducción
conduction	anticipation	de conducción
conduction	disgust	de conducción
conduction	fear	de conducción
conduction	joy	conducción
conduction	negative	de conducción
conduction	positive	de conducción
conduction	sadness	de conducción
conduction	surprise	conducción
conduction	trust	de conducción
pantry	anger	pantry
pantry	anticipation	pantry
pantry	disgust	pantry
pantry	fear	pantry
pantry	joy	pantry
pantry	negative	pantry
pantry	positive	pantry
pantry	sadness	pantry
pantry	surprise	pantry
pantry	trust	pantry
purposely	anger	expresamente
purposely	anticipation	expresamente
purposely	disgust	expresamente
purposely	fear	expresamente
purposely	joy	expresamente
purposely	negative	expresamente
purposely	positive	expresamente
purposely	sadness	expresamente
purposely	surprise	expresamente
purposely	trust	expresamente
symbolize	anger	simbolizar
symbolize	anticipation	simbolizar
symbolize	disgust	simbolizar
symbolize	fear	simbolizar
symbolize	joy	simbolizar
symbolize	negative	simbolizar
symbolize	positive	simbolizar
symbolize	sadness	simbolizar
symbolize	surprise	simbolizar
symbolize	trust	simbolizar
solve	anger	solucionar
solve	anticipation	solucionar
solve	disgust	solucionar
solve	fear	solucionar
solve	joy	solucionar
solve	negative	solucionar
solve	positive	solucionar
solve	sadness	solucionar
solve	surprise	solucionar
solve	trust	solucionar
rascal	anger	rascal
rascal	anticipation	rascal
rascal	disgust	rascal
rascal	fear	rascal
rascal	joy	rascal
rascal	negative	rascal
rascal	positive	rascal
rascal	sadness	rascal
rascal	surprise	rascal
rascal	trust	rascal
principal	anger	principal
principal	anticipation	principal
principal	disgust	principal
principal	fear	principal
principal	joy	principal
principal	negative	principal
principal	positive	principal
principal	sadness	longevidad
principal	surprise	de longevidad
principal	trust	principal
longevity	anger	principal
longevity	anticipation	principal
longevity	disgust	longevidad
longevity	fear	de longevidad
longevity	joy	de longevidad
longevity	negative	de longevidad
longevity	positive	longevidad
longevity	sadness	de longevidad
longevity	surprise	de longevidad
longevity	trust	de longevidad
windfall	anger	windfall
windfall	anticipation	windfall
windfall	disgust	windfall
windfall	fear	windfall
windfall	joy	windfall
windfall	negative	windfall
windfall	positive	windfall
windfall	sadness	windfall
windfall	surprise	windfall
windfall	trust	windfall
chattering	anger	chattering
chattering	anticipation	chattering
chattering	disgust	chattering
chattering	fear	chattering
chattering	joy	chattering
chattering	negative	chattering
chattering	positive	chattering
chattering	sadness	chattering
chattering	surprise	chattering
chattering	trust	chattering
poaching	anger	poaching
poaching	anticipation	poaching
poaching	disgust	poaching
poaching	fear	poaching
poaching	joy	poaching
poaching	negative	poaching
poaching	positive	poaching
poaching	sadness	poaching
poaching	surprise	poaching
poaching	trust	poaching
deafness	anger	deafness
deafness	anticipation	deafness
deafness	disgust	deafness
deafness	fear	deafness
deafness	joy	deafness
deafness	negative	deafness
deafness	positive	deafness
deafness	sadness	deafness
deafness	surprise	deafness
deafness	trust	deafness
aliquot	anger	aliquot
aliquot	anticipation	aliquot
aliquot	disgust	aliquot
aliquot	fear	aliquot
aliquot	joy	aliquot
aliquot	negative	aliquot
aliquot	positive	aliquot
aliquot	sadness	aliquot
aliquot	surprise	aliquot
aliquot	trust	aliquot
article	anger	artículo
article	anticipation	de artículo
article	disgust	de artículo
article	fear	de artículo
article	joy	artículo
article	negative	de artículo
article	positive	de artículo
article	sadness	de artículo
article	surprise	artículo
article	trust	de artículo
exalt	anger	exalt
exalt	anticipation	exalt
exalt	disgust	exalt
exalt	fear	exalt
exalt	joy	exalt
exalt	negative	exalt
exalt	positive	exalt
exalt	sadness	exalt
exalt	surprise	exalt
exalt	trust	exalt
retention	anger	retención
retention	anticipation	de retención
retention	disgust	de retención
retention	fear	de retención
retention	joy	retención
retention	negative	de retención
retention	positive	de retención
retention	sadness	de retención
retention	surprise	retención
retention	trust	de retención
connect	anger	conecta
connect	anticipation	conectar
connect	disgust	conectar
connect	fear	conectar
connect	joy	conectar
connect	negative	conectar
connect	positive	conectar
connect	sadness	conectar
connect	surprise	conectar
connect	trust	conectar
detainee	anger	detenido
detainee	anticipation	de detenido
detainee	disgust	de detenido
detainee	fear	de detenido
detainee	joy	detenido
detainee	negative	de detenido
detainee	positive	de detenido
detainee	sadness	de detenido
detainee	surprise	enlace
detainee	trust	de enlace
link	anger	de detenido
link	anticipation	de detenido
link	disgust	enlace
link	fear	de enlace
link	joy	de enlace
link	negative	de enlace
link	positive	enlace
link	sadness	de enlace
link	surprise	de enlace
link	trust	de enlace
groceries	anger	víveres
groceries	anticipation	de víveres
groceries	disgust	de víveres
groceries	fear	de víveres
groceries	joy	víveres
groceries	negative	de víveres
groceries	positive	de víveres
groceries	sadness	de víveres
groceries	surprise	víveres
groceries	trust	de víveres
wham	anger	wham
wham	anticipation	wham
wham	disgust	wham
wham	fear	wham
wham	joy	wham
wham	negative	wham
wham	positive	wham
wham	sadness	wham
wham	surprise	wham
wham	trust	wham
loft	anger	loft
loft	anticipation	loft
loft	disgust	loft
loft	fear	loft
loft	joy	loft
loft	negative	loft
loft	positive	loft
loft	sadness	loft
loft	surprise	loft
loft	trust	loft
space	anger	espaciales
space	anticipation	espaciales
space	disgust	espaciales
space	fear	espaciales
space	joy	espaciales
space	negative	espaciales
space	positive	espaciales
space	sadness	espaciales
space	surprise	espaciales
space	trust	espaciales
lustrous	anger	lustrosos
lustrous	anticipation	lustrosos
lustrous	disgust	lustrosos
lustrous	fear	lustrosos
lustrous	joy	lustrosos
lustrous	negative	lustrosos
lustrous	positive	lustrosos
lustrous	sadness	charla
lustrous	surprise	de charla
lustrous	trust	lustrosa
chat	anger	lustrosa
chat	anticipation	lustrosa
chat	disgust	charla
chat	fear	de charla
chat	joy	de charla
chat	negative	de charla
chat	positive	charla
chat	sadness	de charla
chat	surprise	de charla
chat	trust	de charla
testament	anger	testamento
testament	anticipation	de testamento
testament	disgust	de testamento
testament	fear	de testamento
testament	joy	testamento
testament	negative	de testamento
testament	positive	de testamento
testament	sadness	de testamento
testament	surprise	testamento
testament	trust	de testamento
restrictive	anger	restrictive
restrictive	anticipation	restrictive
restrictive	disgust	restrictive
restrictive	fear	restrictive
restrictive	joy	restrictive
restrictive	negative	restrictive
restrictive	positive	restrictive
restrictive	sadness	restrictive
restrictive	surprise	restrictive
restrictive	trust	restrictive
symptom	anger	síntoma
symptom	anticipation	de síntoma
symptom	disgust	de síntoma
symptom	fear	de síntoma
symptom	joy	síntoma
symptom	negative	de síntoma
symptom	positive	de síntoma
symptom	sadness	de síntoma
symptom	surprise	sesiones
symptom	trust	de sesiones
sessions	anger	de síntoma
sessions	anticipation	de síntoma
sessions	disgust	sesiones
sessions	fear	de sesiones
sessions	joy	de sesiones
sessions	negative	de sesiones
sessions	positive	sesiones
sessions	sadness	de sesiones
sessions	surprise	de sesiones
sessions	trust	de sesiones
conditionally	anger	condicionalmente
conditionally	anticipation	condicionalmente
conditionally	disgust	condicionalmente
conditionally	fear	condicionalmente
conditionally	joy	condicionalmente
conditionally	negative	condicionalmente
conditionally	positive	condicionalmente
conditionally	sadness	condicionalmente
conditionally	surprise	condicionalmente
conditionally	trust	condicionalmente
dub	anger	bautizar
dub	anticipation	bautizar
dub	disgust	bautizar
dub	fear	bautizar
dub	joy	bautizar
dub	negative	bautizar
dub	positive	bautizar
dub	sadness	bautizar
dub	surprise	bautizar
dub	trust	bautizar
serum	anger	suero
serum	anticipation	de suero
serum	disgust	de suero
serum	fear	de suero
serum	joy	suero
serum	negative	de suero
serum	positive	de suero
serum	sadness	de suero
serum	surprise	reverencia
serum	trust	de reverencia
reverence	anger	de suero
reverence	anticipation	de suero
reverence	disgust	reverencia
reverence	fear	de reverencia
reverence	joy	de reverencia
reverence	negative	de reverencia
reverence	positive	reverencia
reverence	sadness	de reverencia
reverence	surprise	de reverencia
reverence	trust	de reverencia
parts	anger	las partes
parts	anticipation	separa
parts	disgust	las partes
parts	fear	separa
parts	joy	las partes
parts	negative	separa
parts	positive	las partes
parts	sadness	separa
parts	surprise	las partes
parts	trust	separa
book	anger	libro
book	anticipation	de libro
book	disgust	de libro
book	fear	de libro
book	joy	libro
book	negative	de libro
book	positive	de libro
book	sadness	de libro
book	surprise	libro
book	trust	de libro
peer	anger	peer
peer	anticipation	peer
peer	disgust	peer
peer	fear	peer
peer	joy	peer
peer	negative	peer
peer	positive	peer
peer	sadness	peer
peer	surprise	peer
peer	trust	peer
nap	anger	nap
nap	anticipation	nap
nap	disgust	nap
nap	fear	nap
nap	joy	nap
nap	negative	nap
nap	positive	nap
nap	sadness	nap
nap	surprise	nap
nap	trust	nap
javelin	anger	jabalina
javelin	anticipation	de jabalina
javelin	disgust	de jabalina
javelin	fear	de jabalina
javelin	joy	jabalina
javelin	negative	de jabalina
javelin	positive	de jabalina
javelin	sadness	de jabalina
javelin	surprise	jabalina
javelin	trust	de jabalina
wearily	anger	cansadamente
wearily	anticipation	cansadamente
wearily	disgust	cansadamente
wearily	fear	cansadamente
wearily	joy	cansadamente
wearily	negative	cansadamente
wearily	positive	cansadamente
wearily	sadness	cansadamente
wearily	surprise	cansadamente
wearily	trust	cansadamente
negation	anger	negación
negation	anticipation	de negación
negation	disgust	de negación
negation	fear	de negación
negation	joy	negación
negation	negative	de negación
negation	positive	de negación
negation	sadness	de negación
negation	surprise	negación
negation	trust	de negación
underwriter	anger	underwriter
underwriter	anticipation	underwriter
underwriter	disgust	underwriter
underwriter	fear	underwriter
underwriter	joy	underwriter
underwriter	negative	underwriter
underwriter	positive	underwriter
underwriter	sadness	underwriter
underwriter	surprise	underwriter
underwriter	trust	underwriter
parallel	anger	paralelo
parallel	anticipation	paralelo
parallel	disgust	paralelo
parallel	fear	paralelo
parallel	joy	paralelo
parallel	negative	paralelo
parallel	positive	paralelo
parallel	sadness	paralelo
parallel	surprise	paralelo
parallel	trust	paralelo
wrought	anger	wrought
wrought	anticipation	wrought
wrought	disgust	wrought
wrought	fear	wrought
wrought	joy	wrought
wrought	negative	wrought
wrought	positive	wrought
wrought	sadness	wrought
wrought	surprise	wrought
wrought	trust	wrought
weeds	anger	weeds
weeds	anticipation	weeds
weeds	disgust	weeds
weeds	fear	weeds
weeds	joy	weeds
weeds	negative	weeds
weeds	positive	weeds
weeds	sadness	weeds
weeds	surprise	weeds
weeds	trust	weeds
caveat	anger	caveat
caveat	anticipation	caveat
caveat	disgust	caveat
caveat	fear	caveat
caveat	joy	caveat
caveat	negative	caveat
caveat	positive	caveat
caveat	sadness	caveat
caveat	surprise	caveat
caveat	trust	caveat
workmanship	anger	workmanship
workmanship	anticipation	workmanship
workmanship	disgust	workmanship
workmanship	fear	workmanship
workmanship	joy	workmanship
workmanship	negative	workmanship
workmanship	positive	workmanship
workmanship	sadness	workmanship
workmanship	surprise	workmanship
workmanship	trust	workmanship
put	anger	puesto
put	anticipation	pone
put	disgust	puesto
put	fear	pone
put	joy	puesto
put	negative	pone
put	positive	puesto
put	sadness	pone
put	surprise	pone
put	trust	paso
passage	anger	de paso
passage	anticipation	de paso
passage	disgust	puesto
passage	fear	paso
passage	joy	de paso
passage	negative	de paso
passage	positive	de paso
passage	sadness	paso
passage	surprise	de paso
passage	trust	del paso
parlor	anger	parlor
parlor	anticipation	parlor
parlor	disgust	parlor
parlor	fear	parlor
parlor	joy	parlor
parlor	negative	parlor
parlor	positive	parlor
parlor	sadness	parlor
parlor	surprise	parlor
parlor	trust	parlor
judgment	anger	juicio
judgment	anticipation	de juicio
judgment	disgust	de juicio
judgment	fear	de juicio
judgment	joy	juicio
judgment	negative	de juicio
judgment	positive	de juicio
judgment	sadness	de juicio
judgment	surprise	juicio
judgment	trust	de juicio
conical	anger	cónico
conical	anticipation	cónico
conical	disgust	cónico
conical	fear	cónico
conical	joy	cónico
conical	negative	cónico
conical	positive	cónico
conical	sadness	empresa
conical	surprise	de empresa
conical	trust	cónica
corporation	anger	cónica
corporation	anticipation	cónica
corporation	disgust	empresa
corporation	fear	de empresa
corporation	joy	de empresa
corporation	negative	de empresa
corporation	positive	empresa
corporation	sadness	de empresa
corporation	surprise	de empresa
corporation	trust	de empresa
devout	anger	devout
devout	anticipation	devout
devout	disgust	devout
devout	fear	devout
devout	joy	devout
devout	negative	devout
devout	positive	devout
devout	sadness	devout
devout	surprise	devout
devout	trust	devout
parquet	anger	parqué
parquet	anticipation	de parqué
parquet	disgust	de parqué
parquet	fear	de parqué
parquet	joy	parqué
parquet	negative	de parqué
parquet	positive	de parqué
parquet	sadness	de parqué
parquet	surprise	mamut
parquet	trust	de mamut
mammoth	anger	de parqué
mammoth	anticipation	de parqué
mammoth	disgust	mamut
mammoth	fear	de mamut
mammoth	joy	de mamut
mammoth	negative	de mamut
mammoth	positive	mamut
mammoth	sadness	de mamut
mammoth	surprise	de mamut
mammoth	trust	de mamut
lawn	anger	césped
lawn	anticipation	de césped
lawn	disgust	de césped
lawn	fear	de césped
lawn	joy	césped
lawn	negative	de césped
lawn	positive	de césped
lawn	sadness	de césped
lawn	surprise	conservadurismo
lawn	trust	de conservadurismo
conservatism	anger	de césped
conservatism	anticipation	de césped
conservatism	disgust	conservadurismo
conservatism	fear	de conservadurismo
conservatism	joy	de conservadurismo
conservatism	negative	de conservadurismo
conservatism	positive	conservadurismo
conservatism	sadness	de conservadurismo
conservatism	surprise	de conservadurismo
conservatism	trust	de conservadurismo
province	anger	provincia
province	anticipation	de provincia
province	disgust	de provincia
province	fear	de provincia
province	joy	provincia
province	negative	de provincia
province	positive	de provincia
province	sadness	de provincia
province	surprise	provincia
province	trust	de provincia
wis	anger	wis
wis	anticipation	wis
wis	disgust	wis
wis	fear	wis
wis	joy	wis
wis	negative	wis
wis	positive	wis
wis	sadness	wis
wis	surprise	wis
wis	trust	wis
catnip	anger	catnip
catnip	anticipation	catnip
catnip	disgust	catnip
catnip	fear	catnip
catnip	joy	catnip
catnip	negative	catnip
catnip	positive	catnip
catnip	sadness	catnip
catnip	surprise	catnip
catnip	trust	catnip
hap	anger	hap
hap	anticipation	hap
hap	disgust	hap
hap	fear	hap
hap	joy	hap
hap	negative	hap
hap	positive	hap
hap	sadness	hap
hap	surprise	hap
hap	trust	hap
radioactivity	anger	radiactividad
radioactivity	anticipation	de radiactividad
radioactivity	disgust	de radiactividad
radioactivity	fear	de radiactividad
radioactivity	joy	radiactividad
radioactivity	negative	de radiactividad
radioactivity	positive	de radiactividad
radioactivity	sadness	de radiactividad
radioactivity	surprise	radiactividad
radioactivity	trust	de radiactividad
fort	anger	fort
fort	anticipation	fort
fort	disgust	fort
fort	fear	fort
fort	joy	fort
fort	negative	fort
fort	positive	fort
fort	sadness	fort
fort	surprise	fort
fort	trust	fort
acceptable	anger	aceptable
acceptable	anticipation	aceptable
acceptable	disgust	aceptable
acceptable	fear	aceptable
acceptable	joy	aceptable
acceptable	negative	aceptable
acceptable	positive	aceptable
acceptable	sadness	aceptable
acceptable	surprise	aceptable
acceptable	trust	aceptable
disrepute	anger	disrepute
disrepute	anticipation	disrepute
disrepute	disgust	disrepute
disrepute	fear	disrepute
disrepute	joy	disrepute
disrepute	negative	disrepute
disrepute	positive	disrepute
disrepute	sadness	disrepute
disrepute	surprise	disrepute
disrepute	trust	disrepute
typist	anger	teclista
typist	anticipation	de teclista
typist	disgust	de teclista
typist	fear	de teclista
typist	joy	teclista
typist	negative	de teclista
typist	positive	de teclista
typist	sadness	de teclista
typist	surprise	teclista
typist	trust	de teclista
annotate	anger	anota
annotate	anticipation	anotar
annotate	disgust	anotar
annotate	fear	anotar
annotate	joy	anotar
annotate	negative	anotar
annotate	positive	anotar
annotate	sadness	anotar
annotate	surprise	anotar
annotate	trust	anotar
conveniences	anger	comodidades
conveniences	anticipation	de comodidades
conveniences	disgust	de comodidades
conveniences	fear	de comodidades
conveniences	joy	comodidades
conveniences	negative	de comodidades
conveniences	positive	de comodidades
conveniences	sadness	de comodidades
conveniences	surprise	comodidades
conveniences	trust	de comodidades
undress	anger	desnudan
undress	anticipation	desnudar
undress	disgust	desnudar
undress	fear	desnudar
undress	joy	desnudar
undress	negative	desnudar
undress	positive	desnudar
undress	sadness	desnudar
undress	surprise	desnudar
undress	trust	desnudar
trash	anger	basura
trash	anticipation	de basura
trash	disgust	de basura
trash	fear	de basura
trash	joy	basura
trash	negative	de basura
trash	positive	de basura
trash	sadness	de basura
trash	surprise	delta
trash	trust	de delta
delta	anger	de basura
delta	anticipation	de basura
delta	disgust	delta
delta	fear	de delta
delta	joy	de delta
delta	negative	de delta
delta	positive	delta
delta	sadness	de delta
delta	surprise	de delta
delta	trust	de delta
female	anger	hembra
female	anticipation	hembra
female	disgust	hembra
female	fear	hembra
female	joy	hembra
female	negative	hembra
female	positive	hembra
female	sadness	hembra
female	surprise	hembra
female	trust	hembra
expert	anger	experto
expert	anticipation	experto
expert	disgust	experto
expert	fear	experto
expert	joy	experto
expert	negative	experto
expert	positive	experto
expert	sadness	experto
expert	surprise	experto
expert	trust	experto
aforementioned	anger	antedicho
aforementioned	anticipation	antedicho
aforementioned	disgust	antedicho
aforementioned	fear	antedicho
aforementioned	joy	antedicho
aforementioned	negative	antedicho
aforementioned	positive	antedicho
aforementioned	sadness	antedicho
aforementioned	surprise	antedicho
aforementioned	trust	antedicho
tabby	anger	tabby
tabby	anticipation	tabby
tabby	disgust	tabby
tabby	fear	tabby
tabby	joy	tabby
tabby	negative	tabby
tabby	positive	tabby
tabby	sadness	tabby
tabby	surprise	tabby
tabby	trust	tabby
schooling	anger	schooling
schooling	anticipation	schooling
schooling	disgust	schooling
schooling	fear	schooling
schooling	joy	schooling
schooling	negative	schooling
schooling	positive	schooling
schooling	sadness	schooling
schooling	surprise	schooling
schooling	trust	schooling
mime	anger	mime
mime	anticipation	mime
mime	disgust	mime
mime	fear	mime
mime	joy	mime
mime	negative	mime
mime	positive	mime
mime	sadness	mime
mime	surprise	mime
mime	trust	mime
dinner	anger	cena
dinner	anticipation	de cena
dinner	disgust	de cena
dinner	fear	de cena
dinner	joy	cena
dinner	negative	de cena
dinner	positive	de cena
dinner	sadness	de cena
dinner	surprise	volatilidad
dinner	trust	de volatilidad
volatility	anger	de cena
volatility	anticipation	de cena
volatility	disgust	volatilidad
volatility	fear	de volatilidad
volatility	joy	de volatilidad
volatility	negative	de volatilidad
volatility	positive	volatilidad
volatility	sadness	de volatilidad
volatility	surprise	de volatilidad
volatility	trust	de volatilidad
carter	anger	carter
carter	anticipation	carter
carter	disgust	carter
carter	fear	carter
carter	joy	carter
carter	negative	carter
carter	positive	carter
carter	sadness	carter
carter	surprise	carter
carter	trust	carter
incident	anger	incidente
incident	anticipation	de incidente
incident	disgust	de incidente
incident	fear	de incidente
incident	joy	incidente
incident	negative	de incidente
incident	positive	de incidente
incident	sadness	de incidente
incident	surprise	ataque
incident	trust	de ataque
attack	anger	de incidente
attack	anticipation	de incidente
attack	disgust	ataque
attack	fear	de ataque
attack	joy	de ataque
attack	negative	de ataque
attack	positive	ataque
attack	sadness	de ataque
attack	surprise	de ataque
attack	trust	de ataque
variegated	anger	abigarrado
variegated	anticipation	abigarrado
variegated	disgust	abigarrado
variegated	fear	abigarrado
variegated	joy	abigarrado
variegated	negative	abigarrado
variegated	positive	abigarrado
variegated	sadness	abigarrado
variegated	surprise	abigarrado
variegated	trust	abigarrado
unexplored	anger	unexplored
unexplored	anticipation	unexplored
unexplored	disgust	unexplored
unexplored	fear	unexplored
unexplored	joy	unexplored
unexplored	negative	unexplored
unexplored	positive	unexplored
unexplored	sadness	unexplored
unexplored	surprise	unexplored
unexplored	trust	unexplored
buffer	anger	buffer
buffer	anticipation	buffer
buffer	disgust	buffer
buffer	fear	buffer
buffer	joy	buffer
buffer	negative	buffer
buffer	positive	buffer
buffer	sadness	buffer
buffer	surprise	buffer
buffer	trust	buffer
bulldog	anger	bulldog
bulldog	anticipation	bulldog
bulldog	disgust	bulldog
bulldog	fear	bulldog
bulldog	joy	bulldog
bulldog	negative	bulldog
bulldog	positive	bulldog
bulldog	sadness	bulldog
bulldog	surprise	bulldog
bulldog	trust	bulldog
fop	anger	fop
fop	anticipation	fop
fop	disgust	fop
fop	fear	fop
fop	joy	fop
fop	negative	fop
fop	positive	fop
fop	sadness	fop
fop	surprise	fop
fop	trust	fop
purveyor	anger	purveyor
purveyor	anticipation	purveyor
purveyor	disgust	purveyor
purveyor	fear	purveyor
purveyor	joy	purveyor
purveyor	negative	purveyor
purveyor	positive	purveyor
purveyor	sadness	purveyor
purveyor	surprise	purveyor
purveyor	trust	purveyor
gag	anger	amordazar
gag	anticipation	amordazar
gag	disgust	amordazar
gag	fear	amordazar
gag	joy	amordazar
gag	negative	amordazar
gag	positive	amordazar
gag	sadness	amordazar
gag	surprise	amordazar
gag	trust	amordazar
aught	anger	aught
aught	anticipation	aught
aught	disgust	aught
aught	fear	aught
aught	joy	aught
aught	negative	aught
aught	positive	aught
aught	sadness	aught
aught	surprise	aught
aught	trust	aught
perverse	anger	perverso
perverse	anticipation	perverso
perverse	disgust	perverso
perverse	fear	perverso
perverse	joy	perverso
perverse	negative	perverso
perverse	positive	perverso
perverse	sadness	perverso
perverse	surprise	perverso
perverse	trust	perverso
unwitting	anger	unwitting
unwitting	anticipation	unwitting
unwitting	disgust	unwitting
unwitting	fear	unwitting
unwitting	joy	unwitting
unwitting	negative	unwitting
unwitting	positive	unwitting
unwitting	sadness	unwitting
unwitting	surprise	unwitting
unwitting	trust	unwitting
shooter	anger	shooter
shooter	anticipation	shooter
shooter	disgust	shooter
shooter	fear	shooter
shooter	joy	shooter
shooter	negative	shooter
shooter	positive	shooter
shooter	sadness	shooter
shooter	surprise	shooter
shooter	trust	shooter
patronizing	anger	patronizing
patronizing	anticipation	patronizing
patronizing	disgust	patronizing
patronizing	fear	patronizing
patronizing	joy	patronizing
patronizing	negative	patronizing
patronizing	positive	patronizing
patronizing	sadness	patronizing
patronizing	surprise	patronizing
patronizing	trust	patronizing
grieve	anger	apenar
grieve	anticipation	apenar
grieve	disgust	apenar
grieve	fear	apenar
grieve	joy	apenar
grieve	negative	apenar
grieve	positive	apenar
grieve	sadness	apenar
grieve	surprise	apenar
grieve	trust	apenar
secret	anger	secreto
secret	anticipation	secreto
secret	disgust	secreto
secret	fear	secreto
secret	joy	secreto
secret	negative	secreto
secret	positive	secreto
secret	sadness	secreto
secret	surprise	secreto
secret	trust	secreto
surf	anger	surf
surf	anticipation	surf
surf	disgust	surf
surf	fear	surf
surf	joy	surf
surf	negative	surf
surf	positive	surf
surf	sadness	surf
surf	surprise	surf
surf	trust	surf
rebound	anger	rebote
rebound	anticipation	de rebote
rebound	disgust	de rebote
rebound	fear	de rebote
rebound	joy	rebote
rebound	negative	de rebote
rebound	positive	de rebote
rebound	sadness	de rebote
rebound	surprise	rama
rebound	trust	de rama
branch	anger	de rebote
branch	anticipation	de rebote
branch	disgust	rama
branch	fear	de rama
branch	joy	de rama
branch	negative	de rama
branch	positive	rama
branch	sadness	de rama
branch	surprise	de rama
branch	trust	de rama
hardy	anger	fuerte
hardy	anticipation	fuerte
hardy	disgust	fuerte
hardy	fear	fuerte
hardy	joy	fuerte
hardy	negative	fuerte
hardy	positive	fuerte
hardy	sadness	fuerte
hardy	surprise	fuerte
hardy	trust	fuerte
pulley	anger	pulley
pulley	anticipation	pulley
pulley	disgust	pulley
pulley	fear	pulley
pulley	joy	pulley
pulley	negative	pulley
pulley	positive	pulley
pulley	sadness	pulley
pulley	surprise	pulley
pulley	trust	pulley
broil	anger	broil
broil	anticipation	broil
broil	disgust	broil
broil	fear	broil
broil	joy	broil
broil	negative	broil
broil	positive	broil
broil	sadness	broil
broil	surprise	broil
broil	trust	broil
motive	anger	motivo
motive	anticipation	de motivo
motive	disgust	de motivo
motive	fear	de motivo
motive	joy	motivo
motive	negative	de motivo
motive	positive	de motivo
motive	sadness	de motivo
motive	surprise	vidente
motive	trust	de vidente
seer	anger	de motivo
seer	anticipation	de motivo
seer	disgust	vidente
seer	fear	de vidente
seer	joy	de vidente
seer	negative	de vidente
seer	positive	vidente
seer	sadness	de vidente
seer	surprise	de vidente
seer	trust	de vidente
thought	anger	pensó
thought	anticipation	pensó
thought	disgust	el pensamiento
thought	fear	pensado
thought	joy	pensó
thought	negative	pensó
thought	positive	el pensamiento
thought	sadness	pensado
thought	surprise	pensó
thought	trust	combustible
fuel	anger	de combustible
fuel	anticipation	de combustible
fuel	disgust	pensado
fuel	fear	combustible
fuel	joy	de combustible
fuel	negative	de combustible
fuel	positive	de combustible
fuel	sadness	tambor
fuel	surprise	de combustible
fuel	trust	de combustible
drum	anger	de combustible
drum	anticipation	tambor
drum	disgust	de tambor
drum	fear	de tambor
drum	joy	de tambor
drum	negative	tambor
drum	positive	de tambor
drum	sadness	de tambor
drum	surprise	de tambor
drum	trust	oferta
offer	anger	de oferta
offer	anticipation	de oferta
offer	disgust	de tambor
offer	fear	oferta
offer	joy	de oferta
offer	negative	de oferta
offer	positive	de oferta
offer	sadness	oferta
offer	surprise	de oferta
offer	trust	de la oferta
slashes	anger	acuchilla
slashes	anticipation	acuchilla
slashes	disgust	acuchilla
slashes	fear	acuchilla
slashes	joy	acuchilla
slashes	negative	acuchilla
slashes	positive	acuchilla
slashes	sadness	acuchilla
slashes	surprise	acuchilla
slashes	trust	acuchilla
impartiality	anger	imparcialidad
impartiality	anticipation	de imparcialidad
impartiality	disgust	de imparcialidad
impartiality	fear	de imparcialidad
impartiality	joy	imparcialidad
impartiality	negative	de imparcialidad
impartiality	positive	de imparcialidad
impartiality	sadness	de imparcialidad
impartiality	surprise	imparcialidad
impartiality	trust	de imparcialidad
kill	anger	mata
kill	anticipation	matar
kill	disgust	matar
kill	fear	matar
kill	joy	matar
kill	negative	matar
kill	positive	matar
kill	sadness	matar
kill	surprise	matar
kill	trust	matar
tramway	anger	tranvía
tramway	anticipation	de tranvía
tramway	disgust	de tranvía
tramway	fear	de tranvía
tramway	joy	tranvía
tramway	negative	de tranvía
tramway	positive	de tranvía
tramway	sadness	de tranvía
tramway	surprise	hito
tramway	trust	de hito
landmark	anger	de tranvía
landmark	anticipation	de tranvía
landmark	disgust	hito
landmark	fear	de hito
landmark	joy	de hito
landmark	negative	de hito
landmark	positive	hito
landmark	sadness	de hito
landmark	surprise	de hito
landmark	trust	de hito
aphid	anger	aphid
aphid	anticipation	aphid
aphid	disgust	aphid
aphid	fear	aphid
aphid	joy	aphid
aphid	negative	aphid
aphid	positive	aphid
aphid	sadness	aphid
aphid	surprise	aphid
aphid	trust	aphid
impressionable	anger	impresionable
impressionable	anticipation	impresionable
impressionable	disgust	impresionable
impressionable	fear	impresionable
impressionable	joy	impresionable
impressionable	negative	impresionable
impressionable	positive	impresionable
impressionable	sadness	impresionable
impressionable	surprise	impresionable
impressionable	trust	impresionable
urgent	anger	urgente
urgent	anticipation	urgente
urgent	disgust	urgente
urgent	fear	urgente
urgent	joy	urgente
urgent	negative	urgente
urgent	positive	urgente
urgent	sadness	urgente
urgent	surprise	urgente
urgent	trust	urgente
meddling	anger	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	anticipation	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	disgust	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	fear	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	joy	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	negative	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	positive	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	sadness	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	surprise	inmiscuiéndose
meddling	trust	inmiscuiéndose
innumerable	anger	innumerable
innumerable	anticipation	innumerable
innumerable	disgust	innumerable
innumerable	fear	innumerable
innumerable	joy	innumerable
innumerable	negative	innumerable
innumerable	positive	innumerable
innumerable	sadness	innumerable
innumerable	surprise	innumerable
innumerable	trust	innumerable
thoughtfulness	anger	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	anticipation	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	disgust	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	fear	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	joy	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	negative	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	positive	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	sadness	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	surprise	thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness	trust	thoughtfulness
haggard	anger	haggard
haggard	anticipation	haggard
haggard	disgust	haggard
haggard	fear	haggard
haggard	joy	haggard
haggard	negative	haggard
haggard	positive	haggard
haggard	sadness	haggard
haggard	surprise	haggard
haggard	trust	haggard
assure	anger	asegurar
assure	anticipation	asegurar
assure	disgust	asegurar
assure	fear	asegurar
assure	joy	asegurar
assure	negative	asegurar
assure	positive	asegurar
assure	sadness	asegurar
assure	surprise	asegurar
assure	trust	asegurar
morphine	anger	morfina
morphine	anticipation	de morfina
morphine	disgust	de morfina
morphine	fear	de morfina
morphine	joy	morfina
morphine	negative	de morfina
morphine	positive	de morfina
morphine	sadness	de morfina
morphine	surprise	títere
morphine	trust	de títere
puppet	anger	de morfina
puppet	anticipation	de morfina
puppet	disgust	títere
puppet	fear	de títere
puppet	joy	de títere
puppet	negative	de títere
puppet	positive	títere
puppet	sadness	de títere
puppet	surprise	de títere
puppet	trust	de títere
jail	anger	prisión
jail	anticipation	de prisión
jail	disgust	de prisión
jail	fear	de prisión
jail	joy	prisión
jail	negative	de prisión
jail	positive	de prisión
jail	sadness	de prisión
jail	surprise	prisión
jail	trust	de prisión
roe	anger	roe
roe	anticipation	roe
roe	disgust	roe
roe	fear	roe
roe	joy	roe
roe	negative	roe
roe	positive	roe
roe	sadness	roe
roe	surprise	roe
roe	trust	roe
formulary	anger	formulary
formulary	anticipation	formulary
formulary	disgust	formulary
formulary	fear	formulary
formulary	joy	formulary
formulary	negative	formulary
formulary	positive	formulary
formulary	sadness	formulary
formulary	surprise	formulary
formulary	trust	formulary
squat	anger	squat
squat	anticipation	squat
squat	disgust	squat
squat	fear	squat
squat	joy	squat
squat	negative	squat
squat	positive	squat
squat	sadness	squat
squat	surprise	squat
squat	trust	squat
publication	anger	publicación
publication	anticipation	de publicación
publication	disgust	de publicación
publication	fear	de publicación
publication	joy	publicación
publication	negative	de publicación
publication	positive	de publicación
publication	sadness	de publicación
publication	surprise	abreviatura
publication	trust	de abreviatura
abbreviation	anger	de publicación
abbreviation	anticipation	de publicación
abbreviation	disgust	abreviatura
abbreviation	fear	de abreviatura
abbreviation	joy	de abreviatura
abbreviation	negative	de abreviatura
abbreviation	positive	abreviatura
abbreviation	sadness	de abreviatura
abbreviation	surprise	de abreviatura
abbreviation	trust	de abreviatura
overtake	anger	overtake
overtake	anticipation	overtake
overtake	disgust	overtake
overtake	fear	overtake
overtake	joy	overtake
overtake	negative	overtake
overtake	positive	overtake
overtake	sadness	overtake
overtake	surprise	overtake
overtake	trust	overtake
pecuniary	anger	pecuniario
pecuniary	anticipation	pecuniario
pecuniary	disgust	pecuniario
pecuniary	fear	pecuniario
pecuniary	joy	pecuniario
pecuniary	negative	pecuniario
pecuniary	positive	pecuniario
pecuniary	sadness	pecuniario
pecuniary	surprise	pecuniario
pecuniary	trust	pecuniario
homeopathic	anger	homeopathic
homeopathic	anticipation	homeopathic
homeopathic	disgust	homeopathic
homeopathic	fear	homeopathic
homeopathic	joy	homeopathic
homeopathic	negative	homeopathic
homeopathic	positive	homeopathic
homeopathic	sadness	homeopathic
homeopathic	surprise	homeopathic
homeopathic	trust	homeopathic
coalition	anger	coalición
coalition	anticipation	de coalición
coalition	disgust	de coalición
coalition	fear	de coalición
coalition	joy	coalición
coalition	negative	de coalición
coalition	positive	de coalición
coalition	sadness	de coalición
coalition	surprise	coalición
coalition	trust	de coalición
adequate	anger	adecuada
adequate	anticipation	adecuado
adequate	disgust	adecuado
adequate	fear	adecuado
adequate	joy	adecuado
adequate	negative	adecuado
adequate	positive	adecuado
adequate	sadness	motocicleta
adequate	surprise	de motocicleta
adequate	trust	adecuada
motorcycle	anger	adecuada
motorcycle	anticipation	adecuada
motorcycle	disgust	motocicleta
motorcycle	fear	de motocicleta
motorcycle	joy	de motocicleta
motorcycle	negative	de motocicleta
motorcycle	positive	motocicleta
motorcycle	sadness	de motocicleta
motorcycle	surprise	de motocicleta
motorcycle	trust	de motocicleta
detrimental	anger	detrimental
detrimental	anticipation	detrimental
detrimental	disgust	detrimental
detrimental	fear	detrimental
detrimental	joy	detrimental
detrimental	negative	detrimental
detrimental	positive	detrimental
detrimental	sadness	detrimental
detrimental	surprise	detrimental
detrimental	trust	detrimental
tackle	anger	emprender
tackle	anticipation	emprender
tackle	disgust	emprender
tackle	fear	emprender
tackle	joy	emprender
tackle	negative	emprender
tackle	positive	emprender
tackle	sadness	emprender
tackle	surprise	emprender
tackle	trust	emprender
correlative	anger	correlativo
correlative	anticipation	correlativo
correlative	disgust	correlativo
correlative	fear	correlativo
correlative	joy	correlativo
correlative	negative	correlativo
correlative	positive	correlativo
correlative	sadness	correlativo
correlative	surprise	correlativo
correlative	trust	correlativo
brotherly	anger	brotherly
brotherly	anticipation	brotherly
brotherly	disgust	brotherly
brotherly	fear	brotherly
brotherly	joy	brotherly
brotherly	negative	brotherly
brotherly	positive	brotherly
brotherly	sadness	brotherly
brotherly	surprise	brotherly
brotherly	trust	brotherly
succumb	anger	succumb
succumb	anticipation	succumb
succumb	disgust	succumb
succumb	fear	succumb
succumb	joy	succumb
succumb	negative	succumb
succumb	positive	succumb
succumb	sadness	succumb
succumb	surprise	succumb
succumb	trust	succumb
rabies	anger	rabia
rabies	anticipation	de rabia
rabies	disgust	de rabia
rabies	fear	de rabia
rabies	joy	rabia
rabies	negative	de rabia
rabies	positive	de rabia
rabies	sadness	de rabia
rabies	surprise	recibos
rabies	trust	de recibos
receipts	anger	de rabia
receipts	anticipation	de rabia
receipts	disgust	recibos
receipts	fear	de recibos
receipts	joy	de recibos
receipts	negative	de recibos
receipts	positive	recibos
receipts	sadness	de recibos
receipts	surprise	de recibos
receipts	trust	de recibos
tooling	anger	utillaje
tooling	anticipation	de utillaje
tooling	disgust	de utillaje
tooling	fear	de utillaje
tooling	joy	utillaje
tooling	negative	de utillaje
tooling	positive	de utillaje
tooling	sadness	de utillaje
tooling	surprise	utillaje
tooling	trust	de utillaje
seared	anger	seared
seared	anticipation	seared
seared	disgust	seared
seared	fear	seared
seared	joy	seared
seared	negative	seared
seared	positive	seared
seared	sadness	seared
seared	surprise	seared
seared	trust	seared
piracy	anger	piratería
piracy	anticipation	de piratería
piracy	disgust	de piratería
piracy	fear	de piratería
piracy	joy	piratería
piracy	negative	de piratería
piracy	positive	de piratería
piracy	sadness	de piratería
piracy	surprise	piratería
piracy	trust	de piratería
pubescent	anger	pubescent
pubescent	anticipation	pubescent
pubescent	disgust	pubescent
pubescent	fear	pubescent
pubescent	joy	pubescent
pubescent	negative	pubescent
pubescent	positive	pubescent
pubescent	sadness	pubescent
pubescent	surprise	pubescent
pubescent	trust	pubescent
kidding	anger	bromeando
kidding	anticipation	bromeando
kidding	disgust	bromeando
kidding	fear	bromeando
kidding	joy	bromeando
kidding	negative	bromeando
kidding	positive	bromeando
kidding	sadness	bromeando
kidding	surprise	bromeando
kidding	trust	bromeando
blather	anger	blather
blather	anticipation	blather
blather	disgust	blather
blather	fear	blather
blather	joy	blather
blather	negative	blather
blather	positive	blather
blather	sadness	blather
blather	surprise	blather
blather	trust	blather
canine	anger	canino
canine	anticipation	canino
canine	disgust	canino
canine	fear	canino
canine	joy	canino
canine	negative	canino
canine	positive	canino
canine	sadness	canino
canine	surprise	canino
canine	trust	canino
abundant	anger	abundante
abundant	anticipation	abundante
abundant	disgust	abundante
abundant	fear	abundante
abundant	joy	abundante
abundant	negative	abundante
abundant	positive	abundante
abundant	sadness	abundante
abundant	surprise	abundante
abundant	trust	abundante
plaza	anger	plaza
plaza	anticipation	plaza
plaza	disgust	plaza
plaza	fear	plaza
plaza	joy	plaza
plaza	negative	plaza
plaza	positive	plaza
plaza	sadness	plaza
plaza	surprise	plaza
plaza	trust	plaza
outnumber	anger	outnumber
outnumber	anticipation	outnumber
outnumber	disgust	outnumber
outnumber	fear	outnumber
outnumber	joy	outnumber
outnumber	negative	outnumber
outnumber	positive	outnumber
outnumber	sadness	outnumber
outnumber	surprise	outnumber
outnumber	trust	outnumber
furiously	anger	furiosamente
furiously	anticipation	furiosamente
furiously	disgust	furiosamente
furiously	fear	furiosamente
furiously	joy	furiosamente
furiously	negative	furiosamente
furiously	positive	furiosamente
furiously	sadness	furiosamente
furiously	surprise	furiosamente
furiously	trust	furiosamente
bummer	anger	bummer
bummer	anticipation	bummer
bummer	disgust	bummer
bummer	fear	bummer
bummer	joy	bummer
bummer	negative	bummer
bummer	positive	bummer
bummer	sadness	bummer
bummer	surprise	bummer
bummer	trust	bummer
ignite	anger	incendiar
ignite	anticipation	incendiar
ignite	disgust	incendiar
ignite	fear	incendiar
ignite	joy	incendiar
ignite	negative	incendiar
ignite	positive	incendiar
ignite	sadness	incendiar
ignite	surprise	incendiar
ignite	trust	incendiar
grotto	anger	gruta
grotto	anticipation	de gruta
grotto	disgust	de gruta
grotto	fear	de gruta
grotto	joy	gruta
grotto	negative	de gruta
grotto	positive	de gruta
grotto	sadness	de gruta
grotto	surprise	gruta
grotto	trust	de gruta
brooding	anger	brooding
brooding	anticipation	brooding
brooding	disgust	brooding
brooding	fear	brooding
brooding	joy	brooding
brooding	negative	brooding
brooding	positive	brooding
brooding	sadness	brooding
brooding	surprise	brooding
brooding	trust	brooding
logotype	anger	logotipo
logotype	anticipation	de logotipo
logotype	disgust	de logotipo
logotype	fear	de logotipo
logotype	joy	logotipo
logotype	negative	de logotipo
logotype	positive	de logotipo
logotype	sadness	de logotipo
logotype	surprise	logotipo
logotype	trust	de logotipo
legendary	anger	legendario
legendary	anticipation	legendario
legendary	disgust	legendario
legendary	fear	legendario
legendary	joy	legendario
legendary	negative	legendario
legendary	positive	legendario
legendary	sadness	legendario
legendary	surprise	legendario
legendary	trust	legendario
twine	anger	twine
twine	anticipation	twine
twine	disgust	twine
twine	fear	twine
twine	joy	twine
twine	negative	twine
twine	positive	twine
twine	sadness	twine
twine	surprise	twine
twine	trust	twine
modal	anger	modal
modal	anticipation	modal
modal	disgust	modal
modal	fear	modal
modal	joy	modal
modal	negative	modal
modal	positive	modal
modal	sadness	modal
modal	surprise	modal
modal	trust	modal
crotch	anger	crotch
crotch	anticipation	crotch
crotch	disgust	crotch
crotch	fear	crotch
crotch	joy	crotch
crotch	negative	crotch
crotch	positive	crotch
crotch	sadness	crotch
crotch	surprise	crotch
crotch	trust	crotch
entry	anger	entrada
entry	anticipation	de entrada
entry	disgust	de entrada
entry	fear	de entrada
entry	joy	entrada
entry	negative	de entrada
entry	positive	de entrada
entry	sadness	de entrada
entry	surprise	pavimentación
entry	trust	de pavimentación
paving	anger	de entrada
paving	anticipation	de entrada
paving	disgust	pavimentación
paving	fear	de pavimentación
paving	joy	de pavimentación
paving	negative	de pavimentación
paving	positive	pavimentación
paving	sadness	de pavimentación
paving	surprise	de la pavimentación que
paving	trust	adoquina
irreverent	anger	irreverente
irreverent	anticipation	irreverente
irreverent	disgust	irreverente
irreverent	fear	irreverente
irreverent	joy	irreverente
irreverent	negative	irreverente
irreverent	positive	irreverente
irreverent	sadness	rareza
irreverent	surprise	de rareza
irreverent	trust	irreverente
oddity	anger	irreverente
oddity	anticipation	irreverente
oddity	disgust	rareza
oddity	fear	de rareza
oddity	joy	de rareza
oddity	negative	de rareza
oddity	positive	rareza
oddity	sadness	de rareza
oddity	surprise	de rareza
oddity	trust	de rareza
weatherproof	anger	weatherproof
weatherproof	anticipation	weatherproof
weatherproof	disgust	weatherproof
weatherproof	fear	weatherproof
weatherproof	joy	weatherproof
weatherproof	negative	weatherproof
weatherproof	positive	weatherproof
weatherproof	sadness	weatherproof
weatherproof	surprise	weatherproof
weatherproof	trust	weatherproof
flap	anger	solapa
flap	anticipation	de solapa
flap	disgust	de solapa
flap	fear	de solapa
flap	joy	solapa
flap	negative	de solapa
flap	positive	de solapa
flap	sadness	de solapa
flap	surprise	solapa
flap	trust	de solapa
diaphragm	anger	diaphragm
diaphragm	anticipation	diaphragm
diaphragm	disgust	diaphragm
diaphragm	fear	diaphragm
diaphragm	joy	diaphragm
diaphragm	negative	diaphragm
diaphragm	positive	diaphragm
diaphragm	sadness	diaphragm
diaphragm	surprise	diaphragm
diaphragm	trust	diaphragm
geld	anger	geld
geld	anticipation	geld
geld	disgust	geld
geld	fear	geld
geld	joy	geld
geld	negative	geld
geld	positive	geld
geld	sadness	geld
geld	surprise	geld
geld	trust	geld
stroll	anger	pasear
stroll	anticipation	pasear
stroll	disgust	pasear
stroll	fear	pasear
stroll	joy	pasear
stroll	negative	pasear
stroll	positive	pasear
stroll	sadness	pasear
stroll	surprise	pasear
stroll	trust	pasear
horny	anger	horny
horny	anticipation	horny
horny	disgust	horny
horny	fear	horny
horny	joy	horny
horny	negative	horny
horny	positive	horny
horny	sadness	horny
horny	surprise	horny
horny	trust	horny
flagship	anger	flagship
flagship	anticipation	flagship
flagship	disgust	flagship
flagship	fear	flagship
flagship	joy	flagship
flagship	negative	flagship
flagship	positive	flagship
flagship	sadness	flagship
flagship	surprise	flagship
flagship	trust	flagship
tensile	anger	tensile
tensile	anticipation	tensile
tensile	disgust	tensile
tensile	fear	tensile
tensile	joy	tensile
tensile	negative	tensile
tensile	positive	tensile
tensile	sadness	tensile
tensile	surprise	tensile
tensile	trust	tensile
swoop	anger	swoop
swoop	anticipation	swoop
swoop	disgust	swoop
swoop	fear	swoop
swoop	joy	swoop
swoop	negative	swoop
swoop	positive	swoop
swoop	sadness	swoop
swoop	surprise	swoop
swoop	trust	swoop
cayenne	anger	cayenne
cayenne	anticipation	cayenne
cayenne	disgust	cayenne
cayenne	fear	cayenne
cayenne	joy	cayenne
cayenne	negative	cayenne
cayenne	positive	cayenne
cayenne	sadness	cayenne
cayenne	surprise	cayenne
cayenne	trust	cayenne
determination	anger	determinación
determination	anticipation	de determinación
determination	disgust	de determinación
determination	fear	de determinación
determination	joy	determinación
determination	negative	de determinación
determination	positive	de determinación
determination	sadness	de determinación
determination	surprise	determinación
determination	trust	de determinación
cooperative	anger	cooperativa
cooperative	anticipation	cooperativo
cooperative	disgust	cooperativo
cooperative	fear	cooperativo
cooperative	joy	cooperativo
cooperative	negative	cooperativo
cooperative	positive	cooperativa
cooperative	sadness	cooperativa
cooperative	surprise	cooperativa
cooperative	trust	cooperativa
adulterated	anger	adulteró
adulterated	anticipation	adulterado
adulterated	disgust	adulteró
adulterated	fear	adulterado
adulterated	joy	adulteró
adulterated	negative	adulterado
adulterated	positive	adulteró
adulterated	sadness	adulterado
adulterated	surprise	adulteró
adulterated	trust	acuerdo
accord	anger	de acuerdo
accord	anticipation	de acuerdo
accord	disgust	adulterado
accord	fear	acuerdo
accord	joy	de acuerdo
accord	negative	de acuerdo
accord	positive	de acuerdo
accord	sadness	acuerdo
accord	surprise	de acuerdo
accord	trust	del acuerdo
exportation	anger	exportation
exportation	anticipation	exportation
exportation	disgust	exportation
exportation	fear	exportation
exportation	joy	exportation
exportation	negative	exportation
exportation	positive	exportation
exportation	sadness	exportation
exportation	surprise	exportation
exportation	trust	exportation
frontal	anger	frontal
frontal	anticipation	frontal
frontal	disgust	frontal
frontal	fear	frontal
frontal	joy	frontal
frontal	negative	frontal
frontal	positive	frontal
frontal	sadness	frontal
frontal	surprise	frontal
frontal	trust	frontal
slay	anger	slay
slay	anticipation	slay
slay	disgust	slay
slay	fear	slay
slay	joy	slay
slay	negative	slay
slay	positive	slay
slay	sadness	slay
slay	surprise	slay
slay	trust	slay
suppose	anger	suponer
suppose	anticipation	suponer
suppose	disgust	suponer
suppose	fear	suponer
suppose	joy	suponer
suppose	negative	suponer
suppose	positive	suponer
suppose	sadness	suponer
suppose	surprise	suponer
suppose	trust	suponer
deft	anger	hábil
deft	anticipation	hábil
deft	disgust	hábil
deft	fear	hábil
deft	joy	hábil
deft	negative	hábil
deft	positive	hábil
deft	sadness	hábil
deft	surprise	hábil
deft	trust	hábil
autocratic	anger	autocrático
autocratic	anticipation	autocrático
autocratic	disgust	autocrático
autocratic	fear	autocrático
autocratic	joy	autocrático
autocratic	negative	autocrático
autocratic	positive	autocrático
autocratic	sadness	autocrático
autocratic	surprise	autocrático
autocratic	trust	autocrático
sparring	anger	sparring
sparring	anticipation	sparring
sparring	disgust	sparring
sparring	fear	sparring
sparring	joy	sparring
sparring	negative	sparring
sparring	positive	sparring
sparring	sadness	sparring
sparring	surprise	sparring
sparring	trust	sparring
plated	anger	plated
plated	anticipation	plated
plated	disgust	plated
plated	fear	plated
plated	joy	plated
plated	negative	plated
plated	positive	plated
plated	sadness	plated
plated	surprise	plated
plated	trust	plated
toothed	anger	dentado
toothed	anticipation	dentado
toothed	disgust	dentado
toothed	fear	dentado
toothed	joy	dentado
toothed	negative	dentado
toothed	positive	dentado
toothed	sadness	histeria
toothed	surprise	de histeria
toothed	trust	dentada
hysteria	anger	dentada
hysteria	anticipation	dentada
hysteria	disgust	histeria
hysteria	fear	de histeria
hysteria	joy	de histeria
hysteria	negative	de histeria
hysteria	positive	histeria
hysteria	sadness	de histeria
hysteria	surprise	de histeria
hysteria	trust	de histeria
queer	anger	queer
queer	anticipation	queer
queer	disgust	queer
queer	fear	queer
queer	joy	queer
queer	negative	queer
queer	positive	queer
queer	sadness	queer
queer	surprise	queer
queer	trust	queer
emigration	anger	emigración
emigration	anticipation	de emigración
emigration	disgust	de emigración
emigration	fear	de emigración
emigration	joy	emigración
emigration	negative	de emigración
emigration	positive	de emigración
emigration	sadness	de emigración
emigration	surprise	emigración
emigration	trust	de emigración
neutralize	anger	neutraliza
neutralize	anticipation	neutralizar
neutralize	disgust	neutralizar
neutralize	fear	neutralizar
neutralize	joy	neutralizar
neutralize	negative	neutralizar
neutralize	positive	neutralizar
neutralize	sadness	neutralizar
neutralize	surprise	neutralizar
neutralize	trust	neutralizar
cavity	anger	cavidad
cavity	anticipation	de cavidad
cavity	disgust	de cavidad
cavity	fear	de cavidad
cavity	joy	cavidad
cavity	negative	de cavidad
cavity	positive	de cavidad
cavity	sadness	de cavidad
cavity	surprise	cavidad
cavity	trust	de cavidad
overtaken	anger	overtaken
overtaken	anticipation	overtaken
overtaken	disgust	overtaken
overtaken	fear	overtaken
overtaken	joy	overtaken
overtaken	negative	overtaken
overtaken	positive	overtaken
overtaken	sadness	overtaken
overtaken	surprise	overtaken
overtaken	trust	overtaken
body	anger	cuerpo
body	anticipation	de cuerpo
body	disgust	de cuerpo
body	fear	de cuerpo
body	joy	cuerpo
body	negative	de cuerpo
body	positive	de cuerpo
body	sadness	de cuerpo
body	surprise	aguja
body	trust	de aguja
needle	anger	de cuerpo
needle	anticipation	de cuerpo
needle	disgust	aguja
needle	fear	de aguja
needle	joy	de aguja
needle	negative	de aguja
needle	positive	aguja
needle	sadness	de aguja
needle	surprise	de aguja
needle	trust	de aguja
downhill	anger	downhill
downhill	anticipation	downhill
downhill	disgust	downhill
downhill	fear	downhill
downhill	joy	downhill
downhill	negative	downhill
downhill	positive	downhill
downhill	sadness	downhill
downhill	surprise	downhill
downhill	trust	downhill
echo	anger	eco
echo	anticipation	de eco
echo	disgust	de eco
echo	fear	de eco
echo	joy	eco
echo	negative	de eco
echo	positive	de eco
echo	sadness	de eco
echo	surprise	eco
echo	trust	de eco que
washing	anger	lava
washing	anticipation	lavando
washing	disgust	lavando
washing	fear	lavando
washing	joy	lavando
washing	negative	lavando
washing	positive	lavando
washing	sadness	lavando
washing	surprise	lavando
washing	trust	lavando
tripping	anger	tropezando
tripping	anticipation	tropezando
tripping	disgust	tropezando
tripping	fear	tropezando
tripping	joy	tropezando
tripping	negative	tropezando
tripping	positive	tropezando
tripping	sadness	tropezando
tripping	surprise	tropezando
tripping	trust	tropezando
affliction	anger	aflicción
affliction	anticipation	de aflicción
affliction	disgust	de aflicción
affliction	fear	de aflicción
affliction	joy	aflicción
affliction	negative	de aflicción
affliction	positive	de aflicción
affliction	sadness	de aflicción
affliction	surprise	responsabilidades
affliction	trust	de responsabilidades
liabilities	anger	de aflicción
liabilities	anticipation	de aflicción
liabilities	disgust	responsabilidades
liabilities	fear	de responsabilidades
liabilities	joy	de responsabilidades
liabilities	negative	de responsabilidades
liabilities	positive	responsabilidades
liabilities	sadness	de responsabilidades
liabilities	surprise	de responsabilidades
liabilities	trust	de responsabilidades
husbandry	anger	husbandry
husbandry	anticipation	husbandry
husbandry	disgust	husbandry
husbandry	fear	husbandry
husbandry	joy	husbandry
husbandry	negative	husbandry
husbandry	positive	husbandry
husbandry	sadness	husbandry
husbandry	surprise	husbandry
husbandry	trust	husbandry
single	anger	solos
single	anticipation	solos
single	disgust	solos
single	fear	solos
single	joy	solos
single	negative	solos
single	positive	solos
single	sadness	solos
single	surprise	solos
single	trust	solos
justify	anger	justificar
justify	anticipation	justificar
justify	disgust	justificar
justify	fear	justificar
justify	joy	justificar
justify	negative	justificar
justify	positive	justificar
justify	sadness	justificar
justify	surprise	justificar
justify	trust	justificar
observe	anger	observar
observe	anticipation	observar
observe	disgust	observar
observe	fear	observar
observe	joy	observar
observe	negative	observar
observe	positive	observar
observe	sadness	observar
observe	surprise	observar
observe	trust	observar
uncontrollable	anger	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	anticipation	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	disgust	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	fear	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	joy	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	negative	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	positive	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	sadness	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	surprise	uncontrollable
uncontrollable	trust	uncontrollable
modicum	anger	modicum
modicum	anticipation	modicum
modicum	disgust	modicum
modicum	fear	modicum
modicum	joy	modicum
modicum	negative	modicum
modicum	positive	modicum
modicum	sadness	modicum
modicum	surprise	modicum
modicum	trust	modicum
allegorical	anger	alegórico
allegorical	anticipation	alegórico
allegorical	disgust	alegórico
allegorical	fear	alegórico
allegorical	joy	alegórico
allegorical	negative	alegórico
allegorical	positive	alegórico
allegorical	sadness	conquista
allegorical	surprise	de conquista
allegorical	trust	alegórica
conquest	anger	alegórica
conquest	anticipation	alegórica
conquest	disgust	conquista
conquest	fear	de conquista
conquest	joy	de conquista
conquest	negative	de conquista
conquest	positive	conquista
conquest	sadness	de conquista
conquest	surprise	de conquista
conquest	trust	de conquista
memorandum	anger	memorándum
memorandum	anticipation	de memorándum
memorandum	disgust	de memorándum
memorandum	fear	de memorándum
memorandum	joy	memorándum
memorandum	negative	de memorándum
memorandum	positive	de memorándum
memorandum	sadness	de memorándum
memorandum	surprise	memorándum
memorandum	trust	de memorándum
affidavit	anger	affidavit
affidavit	anticipation	affidavit
affidavit	disgust	affidavit
affidavit	fear	affidavit
affidavit	joy	affidavit
affidavit	negative	affidavit
affidavit	positive	affidavit
affidavit	sadness	affidavit
affidavit	surprise	affidavit
affidavit	trust	affidavit
craze	anger	craze
craze	anticipation	craze
craze	disgust	craze
craze	fear	craze
craze	joy	craze
craze	negative	craze
craze	positive	craze
craze	sadness	craze
craze	surprise	craze
craze	trust	craze
concurrent	anger	concurrente
concurrent	anticipation	concurrente
concurrent	disgust	concurrente
concurrent	fear	concurrente
concurrent	joy	concurrente
concurrent	negative	concurrente
concurrent	positive	concurrente
concurrent	sadness	rotonda
concurrent	surprise	de rotonda
concurrent	trust	concurrente
roundabout	anger	concurrente
roundabout	anticipation	concurrente
roundabout	disgust	rotonda
roundabout	fear	de rotonda
roundabout	joy	de rotonda
roundabout	negative	de rotonda
roundabout	positive	rotonda
roundabout	sadness	de rotonda
roundabout	surprise	de rotonda
roundabout	trust	de rotonda
fad	anger	fad
fad	anticipation	fad
fad	disgust	fad
fad	fear	fad
fad	joy	fad
fad	negative	fad
fad	positive	fad
fad	sadness	fad
fad	surprise	fad
fad	trust	fad
slumber	anger	slumber
slumber	anticipation	slumber
slumber	disgust	slumber
slumber	fear	slumber
slumber	joy	slumber
slumber	negative	slumber
slumber	positive	slumber
slumber	sadness	slumber
slumber	surprise	slumber
slumber	trust	slumber
eavesdropping	anger	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	anticipation	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	disgust	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	fear	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	joy	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	negative	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	positive	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	sadness	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	surprise	eavesdropping
eavesdropping	trust	eavesdropping
parabola	anger	parábola
parabola	anticipation	de parábola
parabola	disgust	de parábola
parabola	fear	de parábola
parabola	joy	parábola
parabola	negative	de parábola
parabola	positive	de parábola
parabola	sadness	de parábola
parabola	surprise	parábola
parabola	trust	de parábola
comprehension	anger	comprehension
comprehension	anticipation	comprehension
comprehension	disgust	comprehension
comprehension	fear	comprehension
comprehension	joy	comprehension
comprehension	negative	comprehension
comprehension	positive	comprehension
comprehension	sadness	comprehension
comprehension	surprise	comprehension
comprehension	trust	comprehension
compilation	anger	recopilación
compilation	anticipation	de recopilación
compilation	disgust	de recopilación
compilation	fear	de recopilación
compilation	joy	recopilación
compilation	negative	de recopilación
compilation	positive	de recopilación
compilation	sadness	de recopilación
compilation	surprise	recopilación
compilation	trust	de recopilación
seaside	anger	seaside
seaside	anticipation	seaside
seaside	disgust	seaside
seaside	fear	seaside
seaside	joy	seaside
seaside	negative	seaside
seaside	positive	seaside
seaside	sadness	seaside
seaside	surprise	seaside
seaside	trust	seaside
enlighten	anger	enlighten
enlighten	anticipation	enlighten
enlighten	disgust	enlighten
enlighten	fear	enlighten
enlighten	joy	enlighten
enlighten	negative	enlighten
enlighten	positive	enlighten
enlighten	sadness	enlighten
enlighten	surprise	enlighten
enlighten	trust	enlighten
effectually	anger	effectually
effectually	anticipation	effectually
effectually	disgust	effectually
effectually	fear	effectually
effectually	joy	effectually
effectually	negative	effectually
effectually	positive	effectually
effectually	sadness	effectually
effectually	surprise	effectually
effectually	trust	effectually
gap	anger	vacío
gap	anticipation	de vacío
gap	disgust	de vacío
gap	fear	de vacío
gap	joy	vacío
gap	negative	de vacío
gap	positive	de vacío
gap	sadness	de vacío
gap	surprise	compartimento
gap	trust	de compartimento
compartment	anger	de vacío
compartment	anticipation	de vacío
compartment	disgust	compartimento
compartment	fear	de compartimento
compartment	joy	de compartimento
compartment	negative	de compartimento
compartment	positive	compartimento
compartment	sadness	de compartimento
compartment	surprise	de compartimento
compartment	trust	de compartimento
herbal	anger	herbal
herbal	anticipation	herbal
herbal	disgust	herbal
herbal	fear	herbal
herbal	joy	herbal
herbal	negative	herbal
herbal	positive	herbal
herbal	sadness	herbal
herbal	surprise	herbal
herbal	trust	herbal
fluff	anger	vello
fluff	anticipation	de vello
fluff	disgust	de vello
fluff	fear	de vello
fluff	joy	vello
fluff	negative	de vello
fluff	positive	de vello
fluff	sadness	de vello
fluff	surprise	dimensión
fluff	trust	de dimensión
dimension	anger	de vello
dimension	anticipation	de vello
dimension	disgust	dimensión
dimension	fear	de dimensión
dimension	joy	de dimensión
dimension	negative	de dimensión
dimension	positive	dimensión
dimension	sadness	de dimensión
dimension	surprise	de dimensión
dimension	trust	de dimensión
crippled	anger	estropeó
crippled	anticipation	estropeada
crippled	disgust	estropeó
crippled	fear	estropeado
crippled	joy	estropeó
crippled	negative	estropeado
crippled	positive	estropeó
crippled	sadness	estropeado
crippled	surprise	estropeó
crippled	trust	estropeado
prosper	anger	prosperar
prosper	anticipation	prosperar
prosper	disgust	prosperar
prosper	fear	prosperar
prosper	joy	prosperar
prosper	negative	prosperar
prosper	positive	prosperar
prosper	sadness	prosperar
prosper	surprise	prosperar
prosper	trust	prosperar
ineligible	anger	inelegible
ineligible	anticipation	inelegible
ineligible	disgust	inelegible
ineligible	fear	inelegible
ineligible	joy	inelegible
ineligible	negative	inelegible
ineligible	positive	inelegible
ineligible	sadness	inelegible
ineligible	surprise	inelegible
ineligible	trust	inelegible
comb	anger	peinar
comb	anticipation	peinar
comb	disgust	peinar
comb	fear	peinar
comb	joy	peinar
comb	negative	peinar
comb	positive	peinar
comb	sadness	peinar
comb	surprise	peinar
comb	trust	peinar
fragrant	anger	fragante
fragrant	anticipation	fragante
fragrant	disgust	fragante
fragrant	fear	fragante
fragrant	joy	fragante
fragrant	negative	fragante
fragrant	positive	fragante
fragrant	sadness	esguince
fragrant	surprise	de esguince
fragrant	trust	fragante
sprain	anger	fragante
sprain	anticipation	fragante
sprain	disgust	esguince
sprain	fear	de esguince
sprain	joy	de esguince
sprain	negative	de esguince
sprain	positive	esguince
sprain	sadness	de esguince
sprain	surprise	de esguince
sprain	trust	de esguince
faded	anger	se apagó
faded	anticipation	apagado
faded	disgust	se apagó
faded	fear	apagado
faded	joy	se apagó
faded	negative	apagado
faded	positive	se apagó
faded	sadness	apagado
faded	surprise	se apagó
faded	trust	apagado
bereavement	anger	bereavement
bereavement	anticipation	bereavement
bereavement	disgust	bereavement
bereavement	fear	bereavement
bereavement	joy	bereavement
bereavement	negative	bereavement
bereavement	positive	bereavement
bereavement	sadness	bereavement
bereavement	surprise	bereavement
bereavement	trust	bereavement
inapplicable	anger	inaplicable
inapplicable	anticipation	inaplicable
inapplicable	disgust	inaplicable
inapplicable	fear	inaplicable
inapplicable	joy	inaplicable
inapplicable	negative	inaplicable
inapplicable	positive	inaplicable
inapplicable	sadness	inaplicable
inapplicable	surprise	inaplicable
inapplicable	trust	inaplicable
entice	anger	entice
entice	anticipation	entice
entice	disgust	entice
entice	fear	entice
entice	joy	entice
entice	negative	entice
entice	positive	entice
entice	sadness	entice
entice	surprise	entice
entice	trust	entice
pry	anger	pry
pry	anticipation	pry
pry	disgust	pry
pry	fear	pry
pry	joy	pry
pry	negative	pry
pry	positive	pry
pry	sadness	pry
pry	surprise	pry
pry	trust	pry
contrary	anger	contrario
contrary	anticipation	contrario
contrary	disgust	contrario
contrary	fear	contrario
contrary	joy	contrario
contrary	negative	contrario
contrary	positive	contrario
contrary	sadness	contrario
contrary	surprise	contrario
contrary	trust	contrario
sham	anger	sham
sham	anticipation	sham
sham	disgust	sham
sham	fear	sham
sham	joy	sham
sham	negative	sham
sham	positive	sham
sham	sadness	sham
sham	surprise	sham
sham	trust	sham
favoritism	anger	favoritismo
favoritism	anticipation	de favoritismo
favoritism	disgust	de favoritismo
favoritism	fear	de favoritismo
favoritism	joy	favoritismo
favoritism	negative	de favoritismo
favoritism	positive	de favoritismo
favoritism	sadness	de favoritismo
favoritism	surprise	favoritismo
favoritism	trust	de favoritismo
bent	anger	dobló
bent	anticipation	doblado
bent	disgust	dobló
bent	fear	doblado
bent	joy	dobló
bent	negative	doblado
bent	positive	dobló
bent	sadness	doblado
bent	surprise	dobló
bent	trust	doblado
stag	anger	stag
stag	anticipation	stag
stag	disgust	stag
stag	fear	stag
stag	joy	stag
stag	negative	stag
stag	positive	stag
stag	sadness	stag
stag	surprise	stag
stag	trust	stag
unlimited	anger	unlimited
unlimited	anticipation	unlimited
unlimited	disgust	unlimited
unlimited	fear	unlimited
unlimited	joy	unlimited
unlimited	negative	unlimited
unlimited	positive	unlimited
unlimited	sadness	unlimited
unlimited	surprise	unlimited
unlimited	trust	unlimited
fitness	anger	forma física
fitness	anticipation	de forma física
fitness	disgust	de forma física
fitness	fear	de forma física
fitness	joy	forma física
fitness	negative	de forma física
fitness	positive	de forma física
fitness	sadness	de forma física
fitness	surprise	firma
fitness	trust	de firma
signature	anger	de forma física
signature	anticipation	de forma física
signature	disgust	firma
signature	fear	de firma
signature	joy	de firma
signature	negative	de firma
signature	positive	firma
signature	sadness	de firma
signature	surprise	de firma
signature	trust	de firma
inhalation	anger	inhalación
inhalation	anticipation	de inhalación
inhalation	disgust	de inhalación
inhalation	fear	de inhalación
inhalation	joy	inhalación
inhalation	negative	de inhalación
inhalation	positive	de inhalación
inhalation	sadness	de inhalación
inhalation	surprise	inhalación
inhalation	trust	de inhalación
veiled	anger	veiled
veiled	anticipation	veiled
veiled	disgust	veiled
veiled	fear	veiled
veiled	joy	veiled
veiled	negative	veiled
veiled	positive	veiled
veiled	sadness	veiled
veiled	surprise	veiled
veiled	trust	veiled
howl	anger	aullido
howl	anticipation	de aullido
howl	disgust	de aullido
howl	fear	de aullido
howl	joy	aullido
howl	negative	de aullido
howl	positive	de aullido
howl	sadness	de aullido
howl	surprise	aullido
howl	trust	de aullido
turmeric	anger	turmeric
turmeric	anticipation	turmeric
turmeric	disgust	turmeric
turmeric	fear	turmeric
turmeric	joy	turmeric
turmeric	negative	turmeric
turmeric	positive	turmeric
turmeric	sadness	turmeric
turmeric	surprise	turmeric
turmeric	trust	turmeric
sunless	anger	sin sol
sunless	anticipation	sin sol
sunless	disgust	sin sol
sunless	fear	sin sol
sunless	joy	sin sol
sunless	negative	sin sol
sunless	positive	sin sol
sunless	sadness	sin sol
sunless	surprise	sin sol
sunless	trust	sin sol
replenish	anger	replenish
replenish	anticipation	replenish
replenish	disgust	replenish
replenish	fear	replenish
replenish	joy	replenish
replenish	negative	replenish
replenish	positive	replenish
replenish	sadness	replenish
replenish	surprise	replenish
replenish	trust	replenish
bilge	anger	bilge
bilge	anticipation	bilge
bilge	disgust	bilge
bilge	fear	bilge
bilge	joy	bilge
bilge	negative	bilge
bilge	positive	bilge
bilge	sadness	bilge
bilge	surprise	bilge
bilge	trust	bilge
indescribable	anger	indescribable
indescribable	anticipation	indescribable
indescribable	disgust	indescribable
indescribable	fear	indescribable
indescribable	joy	indescribable
indescribable	negative	indescribable
indescribable	positive	indescribable
indescribable	sadness	indescribable
indescribable	surprise	indescribable
indescribable	trust	indescribable
compensate	anger	compensar
compensate	anticipation	compensar
compensate	disgust	compensar
compensate	fear	compensar
compensate	joy	compensar
compensate	negative	compensar
compensate	positive	compensar
compensate	sadness	compensar
compensate	surprise	compensar
compensate	trust	compensar
dire	anger	dire
dire	anticipation	dire
dire	disgust	dire
dire	fear	dire
dire	joy	dire
dire	negative	dire
dire	positive	dire
dire	sadness	dire
dire	surprise	dire
dire	trust	dire
curate	anger	comisariar
curate	anticipation	comisariar
curate	disgust	comisariar
curate	fear	comisariar
curate	joy	comisariar
curate	negative	comisariar
curate	positive	comisariar
curate	sadness	comisariar
curate	surprise	comisariar
curate	trust	comisariar
snapshot	anger	snapshot
snapshot	anticipation	snapshot
snapshot	disgust	snapshot
snapshot	fear	snapshot
snapshot	joy	snapshot
snapshot	negative	snapshot
snapshot	positive	snapshot
snapshot	sadness	snapshot
snapshot	surprise	snapshot
snapshot	trust	snapshot
legible	anger	legible
legible	anticipation	legible
legible	disgust	legible
legible	fear	legible
legible	joy	legible
legible	negative	legible
legible	positive	legible
legible	sadness	legible
legible	surprise	legible
legible	trust	legible
fourth	anger	cuarto
fourth	anticipation	cuarto
fourth	disgust	cuarto
fourth	fear	cuarto
fourth	joy	cuarto
fourth	negative	cuarto
fourth	positive	cuarto
fourth	sadness	cuarto
fourth	surprise	cuarto
fourth	trust	cuarto
reprimand	anger	reprimand
reprimand	anticipation	reprimand
reprimand	disgust	reprimand
reprimand	fear	reprimand
reprimand	joy	reprimand
reprimand	negative	reprimand
reprimand	positive	reprimand
reprimand	sadness	reprimand
reprimand	surprise	reprimand
reprimand	trust	reprimand
crocodile	anger	cocodrilo
crocodile	anticipation	de cocodrilo
crocodile	disgust	de cocodrilo
crocodile	fear	de cocodrilo
crocodile	joy	cocodrilo
crocodile	negative	de cocodrilo
crocodile	positive	de cocodrilo
crocodile	sadness	de cocodrilo
crocodile	surprise	novio
crocodile	trust	de novio
groom	anger	de cocodrilo
groom	anticipation	de cocodrilo
groom	disgust	novio
groom	fear	de novio
groom	joy	de novio
groom	negative	de novio
groom	positive	novio
groom	sadness	de novio
groom	surprise	de novio
groom	trust	de novio
calcareous	anger	calcáreo
calcareous	anticipation	calcáreo
calcareous	disgust	calcáreo
calcareous	fear	calcáreo
calcareous	joy	calcáreo
calcareous	negative	calcáreo
calcareous	positive	calcáreo
calcareous	sadness	calcáreo
calcareous	surprise	calcáreo
calcareous	trust	calcáreo
inspired	anger	inspirado
inspired	anticipation	inspirado
inspired	disgust	inspirado
inspired	fear	inspirado
inspired	joy	inspirado
inspired	negative	inspirado
inspired	positive	inspirado
inspired	sadness	inspirado
inspired	surprise	inspirado
inspired	trust	inspirado
temporal	anger	temporal
temporal	anticipation	temporal
temporal	disgust	temporal
temporal	fear	temporal
temporal	joy	temporal
temporal	negative	temporal
temporal	positive	temporal
temporal	sadness	temporal
temporal	surprise	temporal
temporal	trust	temporal
backward	anger	backward
backward	anticipation	backward
backward	disgust	backward
backward	fear	backward
backward	joy	backward
backward	negative	backward
backward	positive	backward
backward	sadness	backward
backward	surprise	backward
backward	trust	backward
heresy	anger	heresy
heresy	anticipation	heresy
heresy	disgust	heresy
heresy	fear	heresy
heresy	joy	heresy
heresy	negative	heresy
heresy	positive	heresy
heresy	sadness	heresy
heresy	surprise	heresy
heresy	trust	heresy
unquestionable	anger	incuestionable
unquestionable	anticipation	incuestionable
unquestionable	disgust	incuestionable
unquestionable	fear	incuestionable
unquestionable	joy	incuestionable
unquestionable	negative	incuestionable
unquestionable	positive	incuestionable
unquestionable	sadness	incuestionable
unquestionable	surprise	incuestionable
unquestionable	trust	incuestionable
stockbroker	anger	stockbroker
stockbroker	anticipation	stockbroker
stockbroker	disgust	stockbroker
stockbroker	fear	stockbroker
stockbroker	joy	stockbroker
stockbroker	negative	stockbroker
stockbroker	positive	stockbroker
stockbroker	sadness	stockbroker
stockbroker	surprise	stockbroker
stockbroker	trust	stockbroker
maiden	anger	virginal
maiden	anticipation	virginal
maiden	disgust	virginal
maiden	fear	virginal
maiden	joy	virginal
maiden	negative	virginal
maiden	positive	virginal
maiden	sadness	clarinete
maiden	surprise	de clarinete
maiden	trust	virginal
clarinet	anger	virginal
clarinet	anticipation	virginal
clarinet	disgust	clarinete
clarinet	fear	de clarinete
clarinet	joy	de clarinete
clarinet	negative	de clarinete
clarinet	positive	clarinete
clarinet	sadness	de clarinete
clarinet	surprise	de clarinete
clarinet	trust	de clarinete
inexhaustible	anger	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	anticipation	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	disgust	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	fear	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	joy	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	negative	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	positive	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	sadness	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	surprise	inexhaustible
inexhaustible	trust	inexhaustible
gauge	anger	gauge
gauge	anticipation	gauge
gauge	disgust	gauge
gauge	fear	gauge
gauge	joy	gauge
gauge	negative	gauge
gauge	positive	gauge
gauge	sadness	gauge
gauge	surprise	gauge
gauge	trust	gauge
offal	anger	offal
offal	anticipation	offal
offal	disgust	offal
offal	fear	offal
offal	joy	offal
offal	negative	offal
offal	positive	offal
offal	sadness	offal
offal	surprise	offal
offal	trust	offal
epidermis	anger	epidermis
epidermis	anticipation	epidermis
epidermis	disgust	epidermis
epidermis	fear	epidermis
epidermis	joy	epidermis
epidermis	negative	epidermis
epidermis	positive	epidermis
epidermis	sadness	epidermis
epidermis	surprise	epidermis
epidermis	trust	epidermis
stimulant	anger	stimulant
stimulant	anticipation	stimulant
stimulant	disgust	stimulant
stimulant	fear	stimulant
stimulant	joy	stimulant
stimulant	negative	stimulant
stimulant	positive	stimulant
stimulant	sadness	stimulant
stimulant	surprise	stimulant
stimulant	trust	stimulant
gamble	anger	apuesta
gamble	anticipation	de apuesta
gamble	disgust	de apuesta
gamble	fear	de apuesta
gamble	joy	apuesta
gamble	negative	de apuesta
gamble	positive	de apuesta
gamble	sadness	de apuesta
gamble	surprise	apuesta
gamble	trust	de apuesta
abrogate	anger	abroga
abrogate	anticipation	abrogar
abrogate	disgust	abrogar
abrogate	fear	abrogar
abrogate	joy	abrogar
abrogate	negative	abrogar
abrogate	positive	abrogar
abrogate	sadness	abrogar
abrogate	surprise	abrogar
abrogate	trust	abrogar
crunch	anger	crunch
crunch	anticipation	crunch
crunch	disgust	crunch
crunch	fear	crunch
crunch	joy	crunch
crunch	negative	crunch
crunch	positive	crunch
crunch	sadness	crunch
crunch	surprise	crunch
crunch	trust	crunch
displeasure	anger	displeasure
displeasure	anticipation	displeasure
displeasure	disgust	displeasure
displeasure	fear	displeasure
displeasure	joy	displeasure
displeasure	negative	displeasure
displeasure	positive	displeasure
displeasure	sadness	displeasure
displeasure	surprise	displeasure
displeasure	trust	displeasure
pretending	anger	pretendiendo
pretending	anticipation	pretendiendo
pretending	disgust	pretendiendo
pretending	fear	pretendiendo
pretending	joy	pretendiendo
pretending	negative	pretendiendo
pretending	positive	pretendiendo
pretending	sadness	pretendiendo
pretending	surprise	pretendiendo
pretending	trust	pretendiendo
outhouse	anger	outhouse
outhouse	anticipation	outhouse
outhouse	disgust	outhouse
outhouse	fear	outhouse
outhouse	joy	outhouse
outhouse	negative	outhouse
outhouse	positive	outhouse
outhouse	sadness	outhouse
outhouse	surprise	outhouse
outhouse	trust	outhouse
nondescript	anger	nondescript
nondescript	anticipation	nondescript
nondescript	disgust	nondescript
nondescript	fear	nondescript
nondescript	joy	nondescript
nondescript	negative	nondescript
nondescript	positive	nondescript
nondescript	sadness	nondescript
nondescript	surprise	nondescript
nondescript	trust	nondescript
exacting	anger	exacting
exacting	anticipation	exacting
exacting	disgust	exacting
exacting	fear	exacting
exacting	joy	exacting
exacting	negative	exacting
exacting	positive	exacting
exacting	sadness	exacting
exacting	surprise	exacting
exacting	trust	exacting
coalesce	anger	coalesce
coalesce	anticipation	coalesce
coalesce	disgust	coalesce
coalesce	fear	coalesce
coalesce	joy	coalesce
coalesce	negative	coalesce
coalesce	positive	coalesce
coalesce	sadness	coalesce
coalesce	surprise	coalesce
coalesce	trust	coalesce
deformed	anger	deformó
deformed	anticipation	deformado
deformed	disgust	deformó
deformed	fear	deformado
deformed	joy	deformó
deformed	negative	deformado
deformed	positive	deformó
deformed	sadness	deformado
deformed	surprise	deformó
deformed	trust	ontología
ontology	anger	de ontología
ontology	anticipation	de ontología
ontology	disgust	deformada
ontology	fear	ontología
ontology	joy	de ontología
ontology	negative	de ontología
ontology	positive	de ontología
ontology	sadness	ontología
ontology	surprise	de ontología
ontology	trust	de la ontología
startling	anger	startling
startling	anticipation	startling
startling	disgust	startling
startling	fear	startling
startling	joy	startling
startling	negative	startling
startling	positive	startling
startling	sadness	startling
startling	surprise	startling
startling	trust	startling
temper	anger	templar
temper	anticipation	templar
temper	disgust	templar
temper	fear	templar
temper	joy	templar
temper	negative	templar
temper	positive	templar
temper	sadness	templar
temper	surprise	templar
temper	trust	templar
vise	anger	vise
vise	anticipation	vise
vise	disgust	vise
vise	fear	vise
vise	joy	vise
vise	negative	vise
vise	positive	vise
vise	sadness	vise
vise	surprise	vise
vise	trust	vise
pill	anger	píldora
pill	anticipation	de píldora
pill	disgust	de píldora
pill	fear	de píldora
pill	joy	píldora
pill	negative	de píldora
pill	positive	de píldora
pill	sadness	de píldora
pill	surprise	rana
pill	trust	de rana
frog	anger	de píldora
frog	anticipation	de píldora
frog	disgust	rana
frog	fear	de rana
frog	joy	de rana
frog	negative	de rana
frog	positive	rana
frog	sadness	de rana
frog	surprise	de rana
frog	trust	de rana
lost	anger	perdió
lost	anticipation	perdida
lost	disgust	perdió
lost	fear	perdido
lost	joy	perdió
lost	negative	perdido
lost	positive	perdió
lost	sadness	perdido
lost	surprise	perdió
lost	trust	hipérbole
hyperbole	anger	de hipérbole
hyperbole	anticipation	de hipérbole
hyperbole	disgust	perdida
hyperbole	fear	hipérbole
hyperbole	joy	de hipérbole
hyperbole	negative	de hipérbole
hyperbole	positive	de hipérbole
hyperbole	sadness	hipérbole
hyperbole	surprise	de hipérbole
hyperbole	trust	de la hipérbole
toughness	anger	toughness
toughness	anticipation	toughness
toughness	disgust	toughness
toughness	fear	toughness
toughness	joy	toughness
toughness	negative	toughness
toughness	positive	toughness
toughness	sadness	toughness
toughness	surprise	toughness
toughness	trust	toughness
tenths	anger	tenths
tenths	anticipation	tenths
tenths	disgust	tenths
tenths	fear	tenths
tenths	joy	tenths
tenths	negative	tenths
tenths	positive	tenths
tenths	sadness	tenths
tenths	surprise	tenths
tenths	trust	tenths
derivation	anger	derivation
derivation	anticipation	derivation
derivation	disgust	derivation
derivation	fear	derivation
derivation	joy	derivation
derivation	negative	derivation
derivation	positive	derivation
derivation	sadness	derivation
derivation	surprise	derivation
derivation	trust	derivation
indelible	anger	indelible
indelible	anticipation	indelible
indelible	disgust	indelible
indelible	fear	indelible
indelible	joy	indelible
indelible	negative	indelible
indelible	positive	indelible
indelible	sadness	indelible
indelible	surprise	indelible
indelible	trust	indelible
comma	anger	coma
comma	anticipation	de coma
comma	disgust	de coma
comma	fear	de coma
comma	joy	coma
comma	negative	de coma
comma	positive	de coma
comma	sadness	de coma
comma	surprise	ineptitud
comma	trust	de ineptitud
ineptitude	anger	de coma
ineptitude	anticipation	de coma
ineptitude	disgust	ineptitud
ineptitude	fear	de ineptitud
ineptitude	joy	de ineptitud
ineptitude	negative	de ineptitud
ineptitude	positive	ineptitud
ineptitude	sadness	de ineptitud
ineptitude	surprise	de ineptitud
ineptitude	trust	de ineptitud
boards	anger	los tableros
boards	anticipation	entabla
boards	disgust	los tableros
boards	fear	entabla
boards	joy	los tableros
boards	negative	entabla
boards	positive	los tableros
boards	sadness	entabla
boards	surprise	los tableros
boards	trust	entabla
decomposition	anger	descomposición
decomposition	anticipation	de descomposición
decomposition	disgust	de descomposición
decomposition	fear	de descomposición
decomposition	joy	descomposición
decomposition	negative	de descomposición
decomposition	positive	de descomposición
decomposition	sadness	de descomposición
decomposition	surprise	descomposición
decomposition	trust	de descomposición
vengeance	anger	vengeance
vengeance	anticipation	vengeance
vengeance	disgust	vengeance
vengeance	fear	vengeance
vengeance	joy	vengeance
vengeance	negative	vengeance
vengeance	positive	vengeance
vengeance	sadness	vengeance
vengeance	surprise	vengeance
vengeance	trust	vengeance
headdress	anger	headdress
headdress	anticipation	headdress
headdress	disgust	headdress
headdress	fear	headdress
headdress	joy	headdress
headdress	negative	headdress
headdress	positive	headdress
headdress	sadness	headdress
headdress	surprise	headdress
headdress	trust	headdress
constitution	anger	constitución
constitution	anticipation	de constitución
constitution	disgust	de constitución
constitution	fear	de constitución
constitution	joy	constitución
constitution	negative	de constitución
constitution	positive	de constitución
constitution	sadness	de constitución
constitution	surprise	tacto
constitution	trust	de tacto
touch	anger	de constitución
touch	anticipation	de constitución
touch	disgust	tacto
touch	fear	de tacto
touch	joy	de tacto
touch	negative	de tacto
touch	positive	tacto
touch	sadness	de tacto
touch	surprise	de tacto
touch	trust	de tacto
noon	anger	mediodía
noon	anticipation	de mediodía
noon	disgust	de mediodía
noon	fear	de mediodía
noon	joy	mediodía
noon	negative	de mediodía
noon	positive	de mediodía
noon	sadness	de mediodía
noon	surprise	condado
noon	trust	de condado
county	anger	de mediodía
county	anticipation	de mediodía
county	disgust	condado
county	fear	de condado
county	joy	de condado
county	negative	de condado
county	positive	condado
county	sadness	de condado
county	surprise	de condado
county	trust	de condado
nook	anger	nook
nook	anticipation	nook
nook	disgust	nook
nook	fear	nook
nook	joy	nook
nook	negative	nook
nook	positive	nook
nook	sadness	nook
nook	surprise	nook
nook	trust	nook
written	anger	escrito
written	anticipation	escrito
written	disgust	escrito
written	fear	escrito
written	joy	escrito
written	negative	escrito
written	positive	escrito
written	sadness	escrito
written	surprise	escrito
written	trust	escrito
vitreous	anger	vitreous
vitreous	anticipation	vitreous
vitreous	disgust	vitreous
vitreous	fear	vitreous
vitreous	joy	vitreous
vitreous	negative	vitreous
vitreous	positive	vitreous
vitreous	sadness	vitreous
vitreous	surprise	vitreous
vitreous	trust	vitreous
substituted	anger	sustituyó
substituted	anticipation	sustituido
substituted	disgust	sustituyó
substituted	fear	sustituido
substituted	joy	sustituyó
substituted	negative	sustituido
substituted	positive	sustituyó
substituted	sadness	sustituido
substituted	surprise	sustituyó
substituted	trust	sustituido
limited	anger	limitó
limited	anticipation	limitado
limited	disgust	limitó
limited	fear	limitado
limited	joy	limitó
limited	negative	limitado
limited	positive	limitó
limited	sadness	limitado
limited	surprise	limitó
limited	trust	limitado
kris	anger	kris
kris	anticipation	kris
kris	disgust	kris
kris	fear	kris
kris	joy	kris
kris	negative	kris
kris	positive	kris
kris	sadness	kris
kris	surprise	kris
kris	trust	kris
unfriendly	anger	unfriendly
unfriendly	anticipation	unfriendly
unfriendly	disgust	unfriendly
unfriendly	fear	unfriendly
unfriendly	joy	unfriendly
unfriendly	negative	unfriendly
unfriendly	positive	unfriendly
unfriendly	sadness	unfriendly
unfriendly	surprise	unfriendly
unfriendly	trust	unfriendly
stalls	anger	las paradas
stalls	anticipation	para
stalls	disgust	las paradas
stalls	fear	para
stalls	joy	las paradas
stalls	negative	para
stalls	positive	las paradas
stalls	sadness	para
stalls	surprise	las paradas
stalls	trust	para
ravine	anger	barranco
ravine	anticipation	de barranco
ravine	disgust	de barranco
ravine	fear	de barranco
ravine	joy	barranco
ravine	negative	de barranco
ravine	positive	de barranco
ravine	sadness	de barranco
ravine	surprise	barranco
ravine	trust	de barranco
rap	anger	rap
rap	anticipation	rap
rap	disgust	rap
rap	fear	rap
rap	joy	rap
rap	negative	rap
rap	positive	rap
rap	sadness	rap
rap	surprise	rap
rap	trust	rap
devotee	anger	devotee
devotee	anticipation	devotee
devotee	disgust	devotee
devotee	fear	devotee
devotee	joy	devotee
devotee	negative	devotee
devotee	positive	devotee
devotee	sadness	devotee
devotee	surprise	devotee
devotee	trust	devotee
creamy	anger	creamy
creamy	anticipation	creamy
creamy	disgust	creamy
creamy	fear	creamy
creamy	joy	creamy
creamy	negative	creamy
creamy	positive	creamy
creamy	sadness	creamy
creamy	surprise	creamy
creamy	trust	creamy
faculties	anger	facultades
faculties	anticipation	de facultades
faculties	disgust	de facultades
faculties	fear	de facultades
faculties	joy	facultades
faculties	negative	de facultades
faculties	positive	de facultades
faculties	sadness	de facultades
faculties	surprise	facultades
faculties	trust	de facultades
whisk	anger	whisk
whisk	anticipation	whisk
whisk	disgust	whisk
whisk	fear	whisk
whisk	joy	whisk
whisk	negative	whisk
whisk	positive	whisk
whisk	sadness	whisk
whisk	surprise	whisk
whisk	trust	whisk
warn	anger	advertir
warn	anticipation	advertir
warn	disgust	advertir
warn	fear	advertir
warn	joy	advertir
warn	negative	advertir
warn	positive	advertir
warn	sadness	advertir
warn	surprise	advertir
warn	trust	advertir
hearse	anger	hearse
hearse	anticipation	hearse
hearse	disgust	hearse
hearse	fear	hearse
hearse	joy	hearse
hearse	negative	hearse
hearse	positive	hearse
hearse	sadness	hearse
hearse	surprise	hearse
hearse	trust	hearse
alienate	anger	alienar
alienate	anticipation	alienar
alienate	disgust	alienar
alienate	fear	alienar
alienate	joy	alienar
alienate	negative	alienar
alienate	positive	alienar
alienate	sadness	alienar
alienate	surprise	alienar
alienate	trust	alienar
rainfall	anger	rainfall
rainfall	anticipation	rainfall
rainfall	disgust	rainfall
rainfall	fear	rainfall
rainfall	joy	rainfall
rainfall	negative	rainfall
rainfall	positive	rainfall
rainfall	sadness	rainfall
rainfall	surprise	rainfall
rainfall	trust	rainfall
alive	anger	vivo
alive	anticipation	vivo
alive	disgust	vivo
alive	fear	vivo
alive	joy	vivo
alive	negative	vivo
alive	positive	vivo
alive	sadness	vivo
alive	surprise	vivo
alive	trust	vivo
dentistry	anger	dentistry
dentistry	anticipation	dentistry
dentistry	disgust	dentistry
dentistry	fear	dentistry
dentistry	joy	dentistry
dentistry	negative	dentistry
dentistry	positive	dentistry
dentistry	sadness	dentistry
dentistry	surprise	dentistry
dentistry	trust	dentistry
mutable	anger	mutable
mutable	anticipation	mutable
mutable	disgust	mutable
mutable	fear	mutable
mutable	joy	mutable
mutable	negative	mutable
mutable	positive	mutable
mutable	sadness	mutable
mutable	surprise	mutable
mutable	trust	mutable
incubus	anger	incubus
incubus	anticipation	incubus
incubus	disgust	incubus
incubus	fear	incubus
incubus	joy	incubus
incubus	negative	incubus
incubus	positive	incubus
incubus	sadness	incubus
incubus	surprise	incubus
incubus	trust	incubus
completed	anger	completó
completed	anticipation	completado
completed	disgust	completó
completed	fear	completado
completed	joy	completó
completed	negative	completado
completed	positive	completó
completed	sadness	completado
completed	surprise	completó
completed	trust	completado
alerts	anger	alerta
alerts	anticipation	las alertas
alerts	disgust	alerta
alerts	fear	las alertas
alerts	joy	alerta
alerts	negative	las alertas
alerts	positive	alerta
alerts	sadness	las alertas
alerts	surprise	alerta
alerts	trust	alertas
tinge	anger	tinge
tinge	anticipation	tinge
tinge	disgust	tinge
tinge	fear	tinge
tinge	joy	tinge
tinge	negative	tinge
tinge	positive	tinge
tinge	sadness	tinge
tinge	surprise	tinge
tinge	trust	tinge
species	anger	especie
species	anticipation	de especie
species	disgust	de especie
species	fear	de especie
species	joy	especie
species	negative	de especie
species	positive	de especie
species	sadness	de especie
species	surprise	sacrificios
species	trust	de especie
sacrifices	anger	de la especie
sacrifices	anticipation	sacrifica
sacrifices	disgust	los sacrificios
sacrifices	fear	sacrifica
sacrifices	joy	los sacrificios
sacrifices	negative	sacrifica
sacrifices	positive	los sacrificios
sacrifices	sadness	sacrifica
sacrifices	surprise	los sacrificios
sacrifices	trust	sacrifica
despicable	anger	despreciables
despicable	anticipation	despreciables
despicable	disgust	despreciables
despicable	fear	despreciables
despicable	joy	despreciables
despicable	negative	despreciables
despicable	positive	despreciables
despicable	sadness	chisme
despicable	surprise	de chisme
despicable	trust	despreciable
gossip	anger	despreciable
gossip	anticipation	despreciable
gossip	disgust	chisme
gossip	fear	de chisme
gossip	joy	de chisme
gossip	negative	de chisme
gossip	positive	chisme
gossip	sadness	de chisme
gossip	surprise	de chisme
gossip	trust	de chisme
aperture	anger	aperture
aperture	anticipation	aperture
aperture	disgust	aperture
aperture	fear	aperture
aperture	joy	aperture
aperture	negative	aperture
aperture	positive	aperture
aperture	sadness	aperture
aperture	surprise	aperture
aperture	trust	aperture
actor	anger	actor
actor	anticipation	de actor
actor	disgust	de actor
actor	fear	de actor
actor	joy	actor
actor	negative	de actor
actor	positive	de actor
actor	sadness	de actor
actor	surprise	actor
actor	trust	de actor
contingent	anger	contingente
contingent	anticipation	contingente
contingent	disgust	contingente
contingent	fear	contingente
contingent	joy	contingente
contingent	negative	contingente
contingent	positive	contingente
contingent	sadness	contingente
contingent	surprise	contingente
contingent	trust	contingente
prevalent	anger	prevalent
prevalent	anticipation	prevalent
prevalent	disgust	prevalent
prevalent	fear	prevalent
prevalent	joy	prevalent
prevalent	negative	prevalent
prevalent	positive	prevalent
prevalent	sadness	prevalent
prevalent	surprise	prevalent
prevalent	trust	prevalent
intestine	anger	intestino
intestine	anticipation	de intestino
intestine	disgust	de intestino
intestine	fear	de intestino
intestine	joy	intestino
intestine	negative	de intestino
intestine	positive	de intestino
intestine	sadness	de intestino
intestine	surprise	dedo
intestine	trust	de dedo
toe	anger	de intestino
toe	anticipation	de intestino
toe	disgust	dedo
toe	fear	de dedo
toe	joy	de dedo
toe	negative	de dedo
toe	positive	dedo
toe	sadness	de dedo
toe	surprise	de dedo
toe	trust	de dedo
etiology	anger	etiología
etiology	anticipation	de etiología
etiology	disgust	de etiología
etiology	fear	de etiología
etiology	joy	etiología
etiology	negative	de etiología
etiology	positive	de etiología
etiology	sadness	de etiología
etiology	surprise	lengua
etiology	trust	de lengua
tongue	anger	de etiología
tongue	anticipation	de etiología
tongue	disgust	lengua
tongue	fear	de lengua
tongue	joy	de lengua
tongue	negative	de lengua
tongue	positive	lengua
tongue	sadness	de lengua
tongue	surprise	de lengua
tongue	trust	de lengua
tartar	anger	tártaro
tartar	anticipation	de tártaro
tartar	disgust	de tártaro
tartar	fear	de tártaro
tartar	joy	tártaro
tartar	negative	de tártaro
tartar	positive	de tártaro
tartar	sadness	de tártaro
tartar	surprise	tártaro
tartar	trust	de tártaro
punctually	anger	puntualmente
punctually	anticipation	puntualmente
punctually	disgust	puntualmente
punctually	fear	puntualmente
punctually	joy	puntualmente
punctually	negative	puntualmente
punctually	positive	puntualmente
punctually	sadness	puntualmente
punctually	surprise	puntualmente
punctually	trust	puntualmente
organist	anger	organista
organist	anticipation	de organista
organist	disgust	de organista
organist	fear	de organista
organist	joy	organista
organist	negative	de organista
organist	positive	de organista
organist	sadness	de organista
organist	surprise	arancel
organist	trust	de arancel
tariff	anger	de organista
tariff	anticipation	de organista
tariff	disgust	arancel
tariff	fear	de arancel
tariff	joy	de arancel
tariff	negative	de arancel
tariff	positive	arancel
tariff	sadness	de arancel
tariff	surprise	de arancel
tariff	trust	de arancel
abdominal	anger	abdominal
abdominal	anticipation	abdominal
abdominal	disgust	abdominal
abdominal	fear	abdominal
abdominal	joy	abdominal
abdominal	negative	abdominal
abdominal	positive	abdominal
abdominal	sadness	abdominal
abdominal	surprise	abdominal
abdominal	trust	abdominal
crescendo	anger	crescendo
crescendo	anticipation	crescendo
crescendo	disgust	crescendo
crescendo	fear	crescendo
crescendo	joy	crescendo
crescendo	negative	crescendo
crescendo	positive	crescendo
crescendo	sadness	crescendo
crescendo	surprise	crescendo
crescendo	trust	crescendo
animate	anger	animar
animate	anticipation	animado
animate	disgust	animado
animate	fear	animado
animate	joy	animado
animate	negative	animado
animate	positive	animado
animate	sadness	animado
animate	surprise	animado
animate	trust	animado
cosmic	anger	cósmico
cosmic	anticipation	cósmico
cosmic	disgust	cósmico
cosmic	fear	cósmico
cosmic	joy	cósmico
cosmic	negative	cósmico
cosmic	positive	cósmico
cosmic	sadness	cósmico
cosmic	surprise	cósmico
cosmic	trust	cósmico
bleak	anger	bleak
bleak	anticipation	bleak
bleak	disgust	bleak
bleak	fear	bleak
bleak	joy	bleak
bleak	negative	bleak
bleak	positive	bleak
bleak	sadness	bleak
bleak	surprise	bleak
bleak	trust	bleak
trough	anger	trough
trough	anticipation	trough
trough	disgust	trough
trough	fear	trough
trough	joy	trough
trough	negative	trough
trough	positive	trough
trough	sadness	trough
trough	surprise	trough
trough	trust	trough
mandolin	anger	mandolin
mandolin	anticipation	mandolin
mandolin	disgust	mandolin
mandolin	fear	mandolin
mandolin	joy	mandolin
mandolin	negative	mandolin
mandolin	positive	mandolin
mandolin	sadness	mandolin
mandolin	surprise	mandolin
mandolin	trust	mandolin
genre	anger	género
genre	anticipation	de género
genre	disgust	de género
genre	fear	de género
genre	joy	género
genre	negative	de género
genre	positive	de género
genre	sadness	de género
genre	surprise	malestar
genre	trust	de malestar
unrest	anger	de género
unrest	anticipation	de género
unrest	disgust	malestar
unrest	fear	de malestar
unrest	joy	de malestar
unrest	negative	de malestar
unrest	positive	malestar
unrest	sadness	de malestar
unrest	surprise	de malestar
unrest	trust	de malestar que
rubbing	anger	frota
rubbing	anticipation	frotando
rubbing	disgust	frotando
rubbing	fear	frotando
rubbing	joy	frotando
rubbing	negative	frotando
rubbing	positive	frotando
rubbing	sadness	frotando
rubbing	surprise	frotando
rubbing	trust	frotando
elect	anger	electo
elect	anticipation	electo
elect	disgust	electo
elect	fear	electo
elect	joy	electo
elect	negative	electo
elect	positive	electo
elect	sadness	electo
elect	surprise	electo
elect	trust	electo
exemplar	anger	exemplar
exemplar	anticipation	exemplar
exemplar	disgust	exemplar
exemplar	fear	exemplar
exemplar	joy	exemplar
exemplar	negative	exemplar
exemplar	positive	exemplar
exemplar	sadness	exemplar
exemplar	surprise	exemplar
exemplar	trust	exemplar
domino	anger	domino
domino	anticipation	domino
domino	disgust	domino
domino	fear	domino
domino	joy	domino
domino	negative	domino
domino	positive	domino
domino	sadness	domino
domino	surprise	domino
domino	trust	domino
unicorn	anger	unicornio
unicorn	anticipation	de unicornio
unicorn	disgust	de unicornio
unicorn	fear	de unicornio
unicorn	joy	unicornio
unicorn	negative	de unicornio
unicorn	positive	de unicornio
unicorn	sadness	de unicornio
unicorn	surprise	unicornio
unicorn	trust	de unicornio
metric	anger	métrico
metric	anticipation	métrico
metric	disgust	métrico
metric	fear	métrico
metric	joy	métrico
metric	negative	métrico
metric	positive	métrico
metric	sadness	métrico
metric	surprise	métrico
metric	trust	métrico
unabashed	anger	unabashed
unabashed	anticipation	unabashed
unabashed	disgust	unabashed
unabashed	fear	unabashed
unabashed	joy	unabashed
unabashed	negative	unabashed
unabashed	positive	unabashed
unabashed	sadness	unabashed
unabashed	surprise	unabashed
unabashed	trust	unabashed
sparse	anger	escaso
sparse	anticipation	escaso
sparse	disgust	escaso
sparse	fear	escaso
sparse	joy	escaso
sparse	negative	escaso
sparse	positive	escaso
sparse	sadness	escaso
sparse	surprise	escaso
sparse	trust	escaso
mileage	anger	mileage
mileage	anticipation	mileage
mileage	disgust	mileage
mileage	fear	mileage
mileage	joy	mileage
mileage	negative	mileage
mileage	positive	mileage
mileage	sadness	mileage
mileage	surprise	mileage
mileage	trust	mileage
gusty	anger	gusty
gusty	anticipation	gusty
gusty	disgust	gusty
gusty	fear	gusty
gusty	joy	gusty
gusty	negative	gusty
gusty	positive	gusty
gusty	sadness	gusty
gusty	surprise	gusty
gusty	trust	gusty
uncontested	anger	uncontested
uncontested	anticipation	uncontested
uncontested	disgust	uncontested
uncontested	fear	uncontested
uncontested	joy	uncontested
uncontested	negative	uncontested
uncontested	positive	uncontested
uncontested	sadness	uncontested
uncontested	surprise	uncontested
uncontested	trust	uncontested
alteration	anger	alteración
alteration	anticipation	de alteración
alteration	disgust	de alteración
alteration	fear	de alteración
alteration	joy	alteración
alteration	negative	de alteración
alteration	positive	de alteración
alteration	sadness	de alteración
alteration	surprise	buzo
alteration	trust	de buzo
diver	anger	de alteración
diver	anticipation	de alteración
diver	disgust	buzo
diver	fear	de buzo
diver	joy	de buzo
diver	negative	de buzo
diver	positive	buzo
diver	sadness	de buzo
diver	surprise	de buzo
diver	trust	de buzo
sentimentality	anger	sentimentality
sentimentality	anticipation	sentimentality
sentimentality	disgust	sentimentality
sentimentality	fear	sentimentality
sentimentality	joy	sentimentality
sentimentality	negative	sentimentality
sentimentality	positive	sentimentality
sentimentality	sadness	sentimentality
sentimentality	surprise	sentimentality
sentimentality	trust	sentimentality
generate	anger	generar
generate	anticipation	generar
generate	disgust	generar
generate	fear	generar
generate	joy	generar
generate	negative	generar
generate	positive	generar
generate	sadness	generar
generate	surprise	generar
generate	trust	generar
dam	anger	dique
dam	anticipation	de dique
dam	disgust	de dique
dam	fear	de dique
dam	joy	dique
dam	negative	de dique
dam	positive	de dique
dam	sadness	de dique
dam	surprise	dique
dam	trust	de dique
reimbursement	anger	reimbursement
reimbursement	anticipation	reimbursement
reimbursement	disgust	reimbursement
reimbursement	fear	reimbursement
reimbursement	joy	reimbursement
reimbursement	negative	reimbursement
reimbursement	positive	reimbursement
reimbursement	sadness	reimbursement
reimbursement	surprise	reimbursement
reimbursement	trust	reimbursement
acutely	anger	profundamente
acutely	anticipation	profundamente
acutely	disgust	profundamente
acutely	fear	profundamente
acutely	joy	profundamente
acutely	negative	profundamente
acutely	positive	profundamente
acutely	sadness	profundamente
acutely	surprise	profundamente
acutely	trust	profundamente
feverish	anger	febril
feverish	anticipation	febril
feverish	disgust	febril
feverish	fear	febril
feverish	joy	febril
feverish	negative	febril
feverish	positive	febril
feverish	sadness	febril
feverish	surprise	febril
feverish	trust	febril
select	anger	seleccionar
select	anticipation	seleccionar
select	disgust	seleccionar
select	fear	seleccionar
select	joy	seleccionar
select	negative	seleccionar
select	positive	seleccionar
select	sadness	seleccionar
select	surprise	seleccionar
select	trust	seleccionar
reparation	anger	reparación
reparation	anticipation	de reparación
reparation	disgust	de reparación
reparation	fear	de reparación
reparation	joy	reparación
reparation	negative	de reparación
reparation	positive	de reparación
reparation	sadness	de reparación
reparation	surprise	reparación
reparation	trust	de reparación
materialist	anger	materialista
materialist	anticipation	materialista
materialist	disgust	materialista
materialist	fear	materialista
materialist	joy	materialista
materialist	negative	materialista
materialist	positive	materialista
materialist	sadness	viaje
materialist	surprise	de viaje
materialist	trust	materialista
trip	anger	materialista
trip	anticipation	materialista
trip	disgust	viaje
trip	fear	de viaje
trip	joy	de viaje
trip	negative	de viaje
trip	positive	viaje
trip	sadness	de viaje
trip	surprise	de viaje
trip	trust	de viaje
track	anger	pista
track	anticipation	de pista
track	disgust	de pista
track	fear	de pista
track	joy	pista
track	negative	de pista
track	positive	de pista
track	sadness	de pista
track	surprise	respuesta
track	trust	de respuesta
response	anger	de pista
response	anticipation	de pista
response	disgust	respuesta
response	fear	de respuesta
response	joy	de respuesta
response	negative	de respuesta
response	positive	respuesta
response	sadness	de respuesta
response	surprise	de respuesta
response	trust	de respuesta
mortgage	anger	hipoteca
mortgage	anticipation	de hipoteca
mortgage	disgust	de hipoteca
mortgage	fear	de hipoteca
mortgage	joy	hipoteca
mortgage	negative	de hipoteca
mortgage	positive	de hipoteca
mortgage	sadness	de hipoteca
mortgage	surprise	hipoteca
mortgage	trust	de hipoteca
guise	anger	guise
guise	anticipation	guise
guise	disgust	guise
guise	fear	guise
guise	joy	guise
guise	negative	guise
guise	positive	guise
guise	sadness	guise
guise	surprise	guise
guise	trust	guise
stator	anger	estator
stator	anticipation	de estator
stator	disgust	de estator
stator	fear	de estator
stator	joy	estator
stator	negative	de estator
stator	positive	de estator
stator	sadness	de estator
stator	surprise	estator
stator	trust	de estator
scapegoat	anger	scapegoat
scapegoat	anticipation	scapegoat
scapegoat	disgust	scapegoat
scapegoat	fear	scapegoat
scapegoat	joy	scapegoat
scapegoat	negative	scapegoat
scapegoat	positive	scapegoat
scapegoat	sadness	scapegoat
scapegoat	surprise	scapegoat
scapegoat	trust	scapegoat
lair	anger	guarida
lair	anticipation	de guarida
lair	disgust	de guarida
lair	fear	de guarida
lair	joy	guarida
lair	negative	de guarida
lair	positive	de guarida
lair	sadness	de guarida
lair	surprise	colmillos
lair	trust	de colmillos
fangs	anger	de guarida
fangs	anticipation	de guarida
fangs	disgust	colmillos
fangs	fear	de colmillos
fangs	joy	de colmillos
fangs	negative	de colmillos
fangs	positive	colmillos
fangs	sadness	de colmillos
fangs	surprise	de colmillos
fangs	trust	de colmillos
weird	anger	extraños
weird	anticipation	extraños
weird	disgust	extraños
weird	fear	extraños
weird	joy	extraños
weird	negative	extraños
weird	positive	extraños
weird	sadness	laurel
weird	surprise	de laurel
weird	trust	extraño
laurel	anger	extraño
laurel	anticipation	extraño
laurel	disgust	laurel
laurel	fear	de laurel
laurel	joy	de laurel
laurel	negative	de laurel
laurel	positive	laurel
laurel	sadness	de laurel
laurel	surprise	de laurel
laurel	trust	de laurel
wear	anger	desgaste
wear	anticipation	de desgaste
wear	disgust	de desgaste
wear	fear	de desgaste
wear	joy	desgaste
wear	negative	de desgaste
wear	positive	de desgaste
wear	sadness	de desgaste
wear	surprise	unción
wear	trust	de unción
anointing	anger	de desgaste
anointing	anticipation	de desgaste
anointing	disgust	unción
anointing	fear	de unción
anointing	joy	de unción
anointing	negative	de unción
anointing	positive	unción
anointing	sadness	de unción
anointing	surprise	de unción
anointing	trust	de unción
acuity	anger	acuidad
acuity	anticipation	de acuidad
acuity	disgust	de acuidad
acuity	fear	de acuidad
acuity	joy	acuidad
acuity	negative	de acuidad
acuity	positive	de acuidad
acuity	sadness	de acuidad
acuity	surprise	acuidad
acuity	trust	de acuidad
clad	anger	clad
clad	anticipation	clad
clad	disgust	clad
clad	fear	clad
clad	joy	clad
clad	negative	clad
clad	positive	clad
clad	sadness	clad
clad	surprise	clad
clad	trust	clad
condition	anger	condición
condition	anticipation	de condición
condition	disgust	de condición
condition	fear	de condición
condition	joy	condición
condition	negative	de condición
condition	positive	de condición
condition	sadness	de condición
condition	surprise	condición
condition	trust	de condición
heap	anger	heap
heap	anticipation	heap
heap	disgust	heap
heap	fear	heap
heap	joy	heap
heap	negative	heap
heap	positive	heap
heap	sadness	heap
heap	surprise	heap
heap	trust	heap
alleged	anger	alegó
alleged	anticipation	alegado
alleged	disgust	alegó
alleged	fear	alegado
alleged	joy	alegó
alleged	negative	alegado
alleged	positive	alegó
alleged	sadness	alegado
alleged	surprise	alegó
alleged	trust	alegado
closeness	anger	closeness
closeness	anticipation	closeness
closeness	disgust	closeness
closeness	fear	closeness
closeness	joy	closeness
closeness	negative	closeness
closeness	positive	closeness
closeness	sadness	closeness
closeness	surprise	closeness
closeness	trust	closeness
communicative	anger	comunicativo
communicative	anticipation	comunicativo
communicative	disgust	comunicativo
communicative	fear	comunicativo
communicative	joy	comunicativo
communicative	negative	comunicativo
communicative	positive	comunicativo
communicative	sadness	comunicativo
communicative	surprise	comunicativo
communicative	trust	comunicativo
native	anger	nativo
native	anticipation	nativo
native	disgust	nativo
native	fear	nativo
native	joy	nativo
native	negative	nativo
native	positive	indígena
native	sadness	nativo
native	surprise	nativo
native	trust	nativo
effectuate	anger	effectuate
effectuate	anticipation	effectuate
effectuate	disgust	effectuate
effectuate	fear	effectuate
effectuate	joy	effectuate
effectuate	negative	effectuate
effectuate	positive	effectuate
effectuate	sadness	effectuate
effectuate	surprise	effectuate
effectuate	trust	effectuate
shaggy	anger	shaggy
shaggy	anticipation	shaggy
shaggy	disgust	shaggy
shaggy	fear	shaggy
shaggy	joy	shaggy
shaggy	negative	shaggy
shaggy	positive	shaggy
shaggy	sadness	shaggy
shaggy	surprise	shaggy
shaggy	trust	shaggy
sprout	anger	sprout
sprout	anticipation	sprout
sprout	disgust	sprout
sprout	fear	sprout
sprout	joy	sprout
sprout	negative	sprout
sprout	positive	sprout
sprout	sadness	sprout
sprout	surprise	sprout
sprout	trust	sprout
configuration	anger	configuración
configuration	anticipation	de configuración
configuration	disgust	de configuración
configuration	fear	de configuración
configuration	joy	configuración
configuration	negative	de configuración
configuration	positive	de configuración
configuration	sadness	de configuración
configuration	surprise	configuración
configuration	trust	de configuración
perfumed	anger	perfumó
perfumed	anticipation	perfumada
perfumed	disgust	perfumó
perfumed	fear	perfumado
perfumed	joy	perfumó
perfumed	negative	perfumado
perfumed	positive	perfumó
perfumed	sadness	perfumado
perfumed	surprise	perfumó
perfumed	trust	perfumado
prefer	anger	preferir
prefer	anticipation	preferir
prefer	disgust	preferir
prefer	fear	preferir
prefer	joy	preferir
prefer	negative	preferir
prefer	positive	preferir
prefer	sadness	preferir
prefer	surprise	preferir
prefer	trust	preferir
variance	anger	varianza
variance	anticipation	de varianza
variance	disgust	de varianza
variance	fear	de varianza
variance	joy	varianza
variance	negative	de varianza
variance	positive	de varianza
variance	sadness	de varianza
variance	surprise	intoxicación
variance	trust	de intoxicación
intoxication	anger	de varianza
intoxication	anticipation	de varianza
intoxication	disgust	intoxicación
intoxication	fear	de intoxicación
intoxication	joy	de intoxicación
intoxication	negative	de intoxicación
intoxication	positive	intoxicación
intoxication	sadness	de intoxicación
intoxication	surprise	de intoxicación
intoxication	trust	de intoxicación
goodly	anger	goodly
goodly	anticipation	goodly
goodly	disgust	goodly
goodly	fear	goodly
goodly	joy	goodly
goodly	negative	goodly
goodly	positive	goodly
goodly	sadness	goodly
goodly	surprise	goodly
goodly	trust	goodly
terse	anger	terse
terse	anticipation	terse
terse	disgust	terse
terse	fear	terse
terse	joy	terse
terse	negative	terse
terse	positive	terse
terse	sadness	terse
terse	surprise	terse
terse	trust	terse
symmetric	anger	symmetric
symmetric	anticipation	symmetric
symmetric	disgust	symmetric
symmetric	fear	symmetric
symmetric	joy	symmetric
symmetric	negative	symmetric
symmetric	positive	symmetric
symmetric	sadness	symmetric
symmetric	surprise	symmetric
symmetric	trust	symmetric
beeswax	anger	beeswax
beeswax	anticipation	beeswax
beeswax	disgust	beeswax
beeswax	fear	beeswax
beeswax	joy	beeswax
beeswax	negative	beeswax
beeswax	positive	beeswax
beeswax	sadness	beeswax
beeswax	surprise	beeswax
beeswax	trust	beeswax
keel	anger	keel
keel	anticipation	keel
keel	disgust	keel
keel	fear	keel
keel	joy	keel
keel	negative	keel
keel	positive	keel
keel	sadness	keel
keel	surprise	keel
keel	trust	keel
bank	anger	banco
bank	anticipation	de banco
bank	disgust	de banco
bank	fear	de banco
bank	joy	banco
bank	negative	de banco
bank	positive	de banco
bank	sadness	de banco
bank	surprise	banco
bank	trust	de banco
slink	anger	slink
slink	anticipation	slink
slink	disgust	slink
slink	fear	slink
slink	joy	slink
slink	negative	slink
slink	positive	slink
slink	sadness	slink
slink	surprise	slink
slink	trust	slink
vehicle	anger	vehículo
vehicle	anticipation	de vehículo
vehicle	disgust	de vehículo
vehicle	fear	de vehículo
vehicle	joy	vehículo
vehicle	negative	de vehículo
vehicle	positive	de vehículo
vehicle	sadness	de vehículo
vehicle	surprise	visita
vehicle	trust	de visita
tour	anger	de vehículo
tour	anticipation	de vehículo
tour	disgust	visita
tour	fear	de visita
tour	joy	de visita
tour	negative	de visita
tour	positive	visita
tour	sadness	de visita
tour	surprise	de visita
tour	trust	de visita
hummer	anger	hummer
hummer	anticipation	hummer
hummer	disgust	hummer
hummer	fear	hummer
hummer	joy	hummer
hummer	negative	hummer
hummer	positive	hummer
hummer	sadness	hummer
hummer	surprise	hummer
hummer	trust	hummer
coupled	anger	coupled
coupled	anticipation	coupled
coupled	disgust	coupled
coupled	fear	coupled
coupled	joy	coupled
coupled	negative	coupled
coupled	positive	coupled
coupled	sadness	coupled
coupled	surprise	coupled
coupled	trust	coupled
perpetrator	anger	perpetrator
perpetrator	anticipation	perpetrator
perpetrator	disgust	perpetrator
perpetrator	fear	perpetrator
perpetrator	joy	perpetrator
perpetrator	negative	perpetrator
perpetrator	positive	perpetrator
perpetrator	sadness	perpetrator
perpetrator	surprise	perpetrator
perpetrator	trust	perpetrator
gopher	anger	gopher
gopher	anticipation	gopher
gopher	disgust	gopher
gopher	fear	gopher
gopher	joy	gopher
gopher	negative	gopher
gopher	positive	gopher
gopher	sadness	gopher
gopher	surprise	gopher
gopher	trust	gopher
cantilever	anger	cantilever
cantilever	anticipation	cantilever
cantilever	disgust	cantilever
cantilever	fear	cantilever
cantilever	joy	cantilever
cantilever	negative	cantilever
cantilever	positive	cantilever
cantilever	sadness	cantilever
cantilever	surprise	cantilever
cantilever	trust	cantilever
spurt	anger	impulso
spurt	anticipation	de impulso
spurt	disgust	de impulso
spurt	fear	de impulso
spurt	joy	impulso
spurt	negative	de impulso
spurt	positive	de impulso
spurt	sadness	de impulso
spurt	surprise	impulso
spurt	trust	de impulso
centrality	anger	centrality
centrality	anticipation	centrality
centrality	disgust	centrality
centrality	fear	centrality
centrality	joy	centrality
centrality	negative	centrality
centrality	positive	centrality
centrality	sadness	centrality
centrality	surprise	centrality
centrality	trust	centrality
unproven	anger	unproven
unproven	anticipation	unproven
unproven	disgust	unproven
unproven	fear	unproven
unproven	joy	unproven
unproven	negative	unproven
unproven	positive	unproven
unproven	sadness	unproven
unproven	surprise	unproven
unproven	trust	unproven
slap	anger	bofetada
slap	anticipation	de bofetada
slap	disgust	de bofetada
slap	fear	de bofetada
slap	joy	bofetada
slap	negative	de bofetada
slap	positive	de bofetada
slap	sadness	de bofetada
slap	surprise	escéptico
slap	trust	de escéptico
skeptic	anger	de bofetada
skeptic	anticipation	de bofetada
skeptic	disgust	escéptico
skeptic	fear	de escéptico
skeptic	joy	de escéptico
skeptic	negative	de escéptico
skeptic	positive	escéptico
skeptic	sadness	de escéptico
skeptic	surprise	de escéptico
skeptic	trust	de escéptico
friend	anger	amigo
friend	anticipation	de amigo
friend	disgust	de amigo
friend	fear	de amigo
friend	joy	amigo
friend	negative	de amigo
friend	positive	de amigo
friend	sadness	de amigo
friend	surprise	juventud
friend	trust	de juventud
youth	anger	de amigo
youth	anticipation	de amigo
youth	disgust	juventud
youth	fear	de juventud
youth	joy	de juventud
youth	negative	de juventud
youth	positive	juventud
youth	sadness	de juventud
youth	surprise	de juventud
youth	trust	de juventud
precincts	anger	precincts
precincts	anticipation	precincts
precincts	disgust	precincts
precincts	fear	precincts
precincts	joy	precincts
precincts	negative	precincts
precincts	positive	precincts
precincts	sadness	precincts
precincts	surprise	precincts
precincts	trust	precincts
installation	anger	instalación
installation	anticipation	de instalación
installation	disgust	de instalación
installation	fear	de instalación
installation	joy	instalación
installation	negative	de instalación
installation	positive	de instalación
installation	sadness	de instalación
installation	surprise	instalación
installation	trust	de instalación
comatose	anger	comatose
comatose	anticipation	comatose
comatose	disgust	comatose
comatose	fear	comatose
comatose	joy	comatose
comatose	negative	comatose
comatose	positive	comatose
comatose	sadness	comatose
comatose	surprise	comatose
comatose	trust	comatose
shoulder	anger	hombro
shoulder	anticipation	de hombro
shoulder	disgust	de hombro
shoulder	fear	de hombro
shoulder	joy	hombro
shoulder	negative	de hombro
shoulder	positive	de hombro
shoulder	sadness	de hombro
shoulder	surprise	hombro
shoulder	trust	de hombro
invariably	anger	invariablemente
invariably	anticipation	invariablemente
invariably	disgust	invariablemente
invariably	fear	invariablemente
invariably	joy	invariablemente
invariably	negative	invariablemente
invariably	positive	invariablemente
invariably	sadness	invariablemente
invariably	surprise	invariablemente
invariably	trust	invariablemente
garden	anger	jardín
garden	anticipation	de jardín
garden	disgust	de jardín
garden	fear	de jardín
garden	joy	jardín
garden	negative	de jardín
garden	positive	de jardín
garden	sadness	de jardín
garden	surprise	jardín
garden	trust	de jardín
commotion	anger	commotion
commotion	anticipation	commotion
commotion	disgust	commotion
commotion	fear	commotion
commotion	joy	commotion
commotion	negative	commotion
commotion	positive	commotion
commotion	sadness	commotion
commotion	surprise	commotion
commotion	trust	commotion
smaller	anger	más pequeño
smaller	anticipation	más pequeño
smaller	disgust	más pequeño
smaller	fear	más pequeño
smaller	joy	más pequeño
smaller	negative	más pequeño
smaller	positive	más pequeño
smaller	sadness	más pequeño
smaller	surprise	más pequeño
smaller	trust	más pequeño
propel	anger	propel
propel	anticipation	propel
propel	disgust	propel
propel	fear	propel
propel	joy	propel
propel	negative	propel
propel	positive	propel
propel	sadness	propel
propel	surprise	propel
propel	trust	propel
spite	anger	despecho
spite	anticipation	de despecho
spite	disgust	de despecho
spite	fear	de despecho
spite	joy	despecho
spite	negative	de despecho
spite	positive	de despecho
spite	sadness	de despecho
spite	surprise	despecho
spite	trust	de despecho
illustrate	anger	ilustra
illustrate	anticipation	ilustrar
illustrate	disgust	ilustrar
illustrate	fear	ilustrar
illustrate	joy	ilustrar
illustrate	negative	ilustrar
illustrate	positive	ilustrar
illustrate	sadness	ilustrar
illustrate	surprise	ilustrar
illustrate	trust	ilustrar
tubular	anger	tubular
tubular	anticipation	tubular
tubular	disgust	tubular
tubular	fear	tubular
tubular	joy	tubular
tubular	negative	tubular
tubular	positive	tubular
tubular	sadness	tubular
tubular	surprise	tubular
tubular	trust	tubular
commodore	anger	commodore
commodore	anticipation	commodore
commodore	disgust	commodore
commodore	fear	commodore
commodore	joy	commodore
commodore	negative	commodore
commodore	positive	commodore
commodore	sadness	commodore
commodore	surprise	commodore
commodore	trust	commodore
scalp	anger	cuero cabelludo
scalp	anticipation	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	disgust	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	fear	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	joy	cuero cabelludo
scalp	negative	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	positive	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	sadness	de cuero cabelludo
scalp	surprise	anestesia
scalp	trust	de anestesia
anaesthesia	anger	de cuero cabelludo
anaesthesia	anticipation	de cuero cabelludo
anaesthesia	disgust	anestesia
anaesthesia	fear	de anestesia
anaesthesia	joy	de anestesia
anaesthesia	negative	de anestesia
anaesthesia	positive	anestesia
anaesthesia	sadness	de anestesia
anaesthesia	surprise	de anestesia
anaesthesia	trust	de anestesia
wasted	anger	malgastó
wasted	anticipation	malgastada
wasted	disgust	malgastó
wasted	fear	malgastado
wasted	joy	malgastó
wasted	negative	malgastado
wasted	positive	malgastó
wasted	sadness	malgastado
wasted	surprise	malgastó
wasted	trust	malgastado
heartfelt	anger	heartfelt
heartfelt	anticipation	heartfelt
heartfelt	disgust	heartfelt
heartfelt	fear	heartfelt
heartfelt	joy	heartfelt
heartfelt	negative	heartfelt
heartfelt	positive	heartfelt
heartfelt	sadness	heartfelt
heartfelt	surprise	heartfelt
heartfelt	trust	heartfelt
seals	anger	los sellos
seals	anticipation	sella
seals	disgust	los sellos
seals	fear	sella
seals	joy	los sellos
seals	negative	sella
seals	positive	sellos
seals	sadness	de sellos
seals	surprise	sella
seals	trust	sellos
treatise	anger	treatise
treatise	anticipation	treatise
treatise	disgust	treatise
treatise	fear	treatise
treatise	joy	treatise
treatise	negative	treatise
treatise	positive	treatise
treatise	sadness	treatise
treatise	surprise	treatise
treatise	trust	treatise
tidbit	anger	tidbit
tidbit	anticipation	tidbit
tidbit	disgust	tidbit
tidbit	fear	tidbit
tidbit	joy	tidbit
tidbit	negative	tidbit
tidbit	positive	tidbit
tidbit	sadness	tidbit
tidbit	surprise	tidbit
tidbit	trust	tidbit
nozzle	anger	tobera
nozzle	anticipation	de tobera
nozzle	disgust	de tobera
nozzle	fear	de tobera
nozzle	joy	tobera
nozzle	negative	de tobera
nozzle	positive	de tobera
nozzle	sadness	de tobera
nozzle	surprise	tobera
nozzle	trust	de tobera
theocratic	anger	teocrática
theocratic	anticipation	teocrático
theocratic	disgust	teocrático
theocratic	fear	teocrático
theocratic	joy	teocrático
theocratic	negative	teocrático
theocratic	positive	teocrático
theocratic	sadness	detective
theocratic	surprise	de detective
theocratic	trust	teocrático
detective	anger	teocrático
detective	anticipation	teocrático
detective	disgust	detective
detective	fear	de detective
detective	joy	de detective
detective	negative	de detective
detective	positive	detective
detective	sadness	de detective
detective	surprise	de detective
detective	trust	de detective
dissertation	anger	disertación
dissertation	anticipation	de disertación
dissertation	disgust	de disertación
dissertation	fear	de disertación
dissertation	joy	disertación
dissertation	negative	de disertación
dissertation	positive	de disertación
dissertation	sadness	de disertación
dissertation	surprise	disertación
dissertation	trust	de disertación
tilde	anger	tilde
tilde	anticipation	tilde
tilde	disgust	tilde
tilde	fear	tilde
tilde	joy	tilde
tilde	negative	tilde
tilde	positive	tilde
tilde	sadness	tilde
tilde	surprise	tilde
tilde	trust	tilde
psychologist	anger	psicólogo
psychologist	anticipation	de psicólogo
psychologist	disgust	de psicólogo
psychologist	fear	de psicólogo
psychologist	joy	psicólogo
psychologist	negative	de psicólogo
psychologist	positive	de psicólogo
psychologist	sadness	de psicólogo
psychologist	surprise	antagonista
psychologist	trust	de antagonista
antagonist	anger	de psicólogo
antagonist	anticipation	de psicólogo
antagonist	disgust	antagonista
antagonist	fear	de antagonista
antagonist	joy	de antagonista
antagonist	negative	de antagonista
antagonist	positive	antagonista
antagonist	sadness	de antagonista
antagonist	surprise	de antagonista
antagonist	trust	de antagonista
photometry	anger	fotometría
photometry	anticipation	de fotometría
photometry	disgust	de fotometría
photometry	fear	de fotometría
photometry	joy	fotometría
photometry	negative	de fotometría
photometry	positive	de fotometría
photometry	sadness	de fotometría
photometry	surprise	fotometría
photometry	trust	de fotometría
luster	anger	luster
luster	anticipation	luster
luster	disgust	luster
luster	fear	luster
luster	joy	luster
luster	negative	luster
luster	positive	luster
luster	sadness	luster
luster	surprise	luster
luster	trust	luster
compensatory	anger	compensatorio
compensatory	anticipation	compensatorio
compensatory	disgust	compensatorio
compensatory	fear	compensatorio
compensatory	joy	compensatorio
compensatory	negative	compensatorio
compensatory	positive	compensatorio
compensatory	sadness	compensatorio
compensatory	surprise	compensatorio
compensatory	trust	compensatorio
tit	anger	tit
tit	anticipation	tit
tit	disgust	tit
tit	fear	tit
tit	joy	tit
tit	negative	tit
tit	positive	tit
tit	sadness	tit
tit	surprise	tit
tit	trust	tit
lollipop	anger	lollipop
lollipop	anticipation	lollipop
lollipop	disgust	lollipop
lollipop	fear	lollipop
lollipop	joy	lollipop
lollipop	negative	lollipop
lollipop	positive	lollipop
lollipop	sadness	lollipop
lollipop	surprise	lollipop
lollipop	trust	lollipop
remake	anger	remake
remake	anticipation	remake
remake	disgust	remake
remake	fear	remake
remake	joy	remake
remake	negative	remake
remake	positive	remake
remake	sadness	remake
remake	surprise	remake
remake	trust	remake
fiddler	anger	fiddler
fiddler	anticipation	fiddler
fiddler	disgust	fiddler
fiddler	fear	fiddler
fiddler	joy	fiddler
fiddler	negative	fiddler
fiddler	positive	fiddler
fiddler	sadness	fiddler
fiddler	surprise	fiddler
fiddler	trust	fiddler
unjustifiable	anger	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	anticipation	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	disgust	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	fear	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	joy	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	negative	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	positive	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	sadness	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	surprise	unjustifiable
unjustifiable	trust	unjustifiable
tendon	anger	tendon
tendon	anticipation	tendon
tendon	disgust	tendon
tendon	fear	tendon
tendon	joy	tendon
tendon	negative	tendon
tendon	positive	tendon
tendon	sadness	tendon
tendon	surprise	tendon
tendon	trust	tendon
synoptic	anger	synoptic
synoptic	anticipation	synoptic
synoptic	disgust	synoptic
synoptic	fear	synoptic
synoptic	joy	synoptic
synoptic	negative	synoptic
synoptic	positive	synoptic
synoptic	sadness	synoptic
synoptic	surprise	synoptic
synoptic	trust	synoptic
stench	anger	stench
stench	anticipation	stench
stench	disgust	stench
stench	fear	stench
stench	joy	stench
stench	negative	stench
stench	positive	stench
stench	sadness	stench
stench	surprise	stench
stench	trust	stench
harass	anger	acosa
harass	anticipation	acosa
harass	disgust	acosa
harass	fear	acosa
harass	joy	acosa
harass	negative	acosa
harass	positive	acosa
harass	sadness	acosa
harass	surprise	acosa
harass	trust	acosa
frequency	anger	frecuencia
frequency	anticipation	de frecuencia
frequency	disgust	de frecuencia
frequency	fear	de frecuencia
frequency	joy	frecuencia
frequency	negative	de frecuencia
frequency	positive	de frecuencia
frequency	sadness	de frecuencia
frequency	surprise	frecuencia
frequency	trust	de frecuencia
lyric	anger	lírica
lyric	anticipation	lírico
lyric	disgust	lírico
lyric	fear	lírico
lyric	joy	lírico
lyric	negative	lírico
lyric	positive	lírico
lyric	sadness	lírico
lyric	surprise	lírico
lyric	trust	lírico
extracting	anger	extrayendo
extracting	anticipation	extrayendo
extracting	disgust	extrayendo
extracting	fear	extrayendo
extracting	joy	extrayendo
extracting	negative	extrayendo
extracting	positive	extrayendo
extracting	sadness	extrayendo
extracting	surprise	extrayendo
extracting	trust	extrayendo
intersection	anger	intersección
intersection	anticipation	de intersección
intersection	disgust	de intersección
intersection	fear	de intersección
intersection	joy	intersección
intersection	negative	de intersección
intersection	positive	de intersección
intersection	sadness	de intersección
intersection	surprise	intersección
intersection	trust	de intersección
lumbering	anger	lumbering
lumbering	anticipation	
lumbering	disgust	lumbering
lumbering	fear	lumbering
lumbering	joy	lumbering
lumbering	negative	lumbering
lumbering	positive	lumbering
lumbering	sadness	lumbering
lumbering	surprise	lumbering
lumbering	trust	lumbering
remark	anger	lumbering
remark	anticipation	comentario de comentario
remark	disgust	de comentario
remark	fear	de comentario
remark	joy	comentario
remark	negative	de comentario
remark	positive	de comentario
remark	sadness	de comentario
remark	surprise	mujer
remark	trust	de mujer
wife	anger	de comentario
wife	anticipation	de comentario
wife	disgust	mujer
wife	fear	de mujer
wife	joy	de mujer
wife	negative	de mujer
wife	positive	mujer
wife	sadness	de mujer
wife	surprise	de mujer
wife	trust	de mujer
mumps	anger	mumps
mumps	anticipation	mumps
mumps	disgust	mumps
mumps	fear	mumps
mumps	joy	mumps
mumps	negative	mumps
mumps	positive	mumps
mumps	sadness	mumps
mumps	surprise	mumps
mumps	trust	mumps
reappear	anger	reaparecer
reappear	anticipation	reaparecer
reappear	disgust	reaparecer
reappear	fear	reaparecer
reappear	joy	reaparecer
reappear	negative	reaparecer
reappear	positive	reaparecer
reappear	sadness	reaparecer
reappear	surprise	reaparecer
reappear	trust	reaparecer
hearsay	anger	hearsay
hearsay	anticipation	hearsay
hearsay	disgust	hearsay
hearsay	fear	hearsay
hearsay	joy	hearsay
hearsay	negative	hearsay
hearsay	positive	hearsay
hearsay	sadness	hearsay
hearsay	surprise	hearsay
hearsay	trust	hearsay
fringed	anger	fringed
fringed	anticipation	fringed
fringed	disgust	fringed
fringed	fear	fringed
fringed	joy	fringed
fringed	negative	fringed
fringed	positive	fringed
fringed	sadness	fringed
fringed	surprise	fringed
fringed	trust	fringed
addendum	anger	adenda
addendum	anticipation	de adenda
addendum	disgust	de adenda
addendum	fear	de adenda
addendum	joy	adenda
addendum	negative	de adenda
addendum	positive	de adenda
addendum	sadness	de adenda
addendum	surprise	villorio
addendum	trust	de villorio
hamlet	anger	de adenda
hamlet	anticipation	de adenda
hamlet	disgust	villorio
hamlet	fear	de villorio
hamlet	joy	de villorio
hamlet	negative	de villorio
hamlet	positive	villorio
hamlet	sadness	de villorio
hamlet	surprise	de villorio
hamlet	trust	de villorio
doom	anger	hado
doom	anticipation	de hado
doom	disgust	de hado
doom	fear	de hado
doom	joy	hado
doom	negative	de hado
doom	positive	de hado
doom	sadness	de hado
doom	surprise	hado
doom	trust	de hado
nay	anger	nay
nay	anticipation	nay
nay	disgust	nay
nay	fear	nay
nay	joy	nay
nay	negative	nay
nay	positive	nay
nay	sadness	nay
nay	surprise	nay
nay	trust	nay
cheat	anger	trampa
cheat	anticipation	de trampa
cheat	disgust	de trampa
cheat	fear	de trampa
cheat	joy	trampa
cheat	negative	de trampa
cheat	positive	de trampa
cheat	sadness	de trampa
cheat	surprise	trampa
cheat	trust	de trampa
cosy	anger	acogedora
cosy	anticipation	acogedor
cosy	disgust	acogedor
cosy	fear	acogedor
cosy	joy	acogedor
cosy	negative	acogedor
cosy	positive	acogedor
cosy	sadness	acogedor
cosy	surprise	acogedor
cosy	trust	acogedor
laureate	anger	laureate
laureate	anticipation	laureate
laureate	disgust	laureate
laureate	fear	laureate
laureate	joy	laureate
laureate	negative	laureate
laureate	positive	laureate
laureate	sadness	laureate
laureate	surprise	laureate
laureate	trust	laureate
falsify	anger	falsificar
falsify	anticipation	falsificar
falsify	disgust	falsificar
falsify	fear	falsificar
falsify	joy	falsificar
falsify	negative	falsificar
falsify	positive	falsificar
falsify	sadness	falsificar
falsify	surprise	falsificar
falsify	trust	falsificar
idea	anger	idea
idea	anticipation	de idea
idea	disgust	de idea
idea	fear	de idea
idea	joy	idea
idea	negative	de idea
idea	positive	de idea
idea	sadness	de idea
idea	surprise	idea
idea	trust	de idea
antiquarian	anger	antiquarian
antiquarian	anticipation	antiquarian
antiquarian	disgust	antiquarian
antiquarian	fear	antiquarian
antiquarian	joy	antiquarian
antiquarian	negative	antiquarian
antiquarian	positive	antiquarian
antiquarian	sadness	antiquarian
antiquarian	surprise	antiquarian
antiquarian	trust	antiquarian
nostalgia	anger	nostalgia
nostalgia	anticipation	de nostalgia
nostalgia	disgust	de nostalgia
nostalgia	fear	de nostalgia
nostalgia	joy	nostalgia
nostalgia	negative	de nostalgia
nostalgia	positive	de nostalgia
nostalgia	sadness	de nostalgia
nostalgia	surprise	administración
nostalgia	trust	de administración
management	anger	de nostalgia
management	anticipation	de nostalgia
management	disgust	administración
management	fear	de administración
management	joy	de administración
management	negative	de administración
management	positive	administración
management	sadness	de administración
management	surprise	de administración
management	trust	de administración
uneasiness	anger	uneasiness
uneasiness	anticipation	uneasiness
uneasiness	disgust	uneasiness
uneasiness	fear	uneasiness
uneasiness	joy	uneasiness
uneasiness	negative	uneasiness
uneasiness	positive	uneasiness
uneasiness	sadness	uneasiness
uneasiness	surprise	uneasiness
uneasiness	trust	uneasiness
gladness	anger	gladness
gladness	anticipation	gladness
gladness	disgust	gladness
gladness	fear	gladness
gladness	joy	gladness
gladness	negative	gladness
gladness	positive	gladness
gladness	sadness	gladness
gladness	surprise	gladness
gladness	trust	gladness
talisman	anger	talismán
talisman	anticipation	de talismán
talisman	disgust	de talismán
talisman	fear	de talismán
talisman	joy	talismán
talisman	negative	de talismán
talisman	positive	de talismán
talisman	sadness	de talismán
talisman	surprise	talismán
talisman	trust	de talismán
prophesy	anger	prophesy
prophesy	anticipation	prophesy
prophesy	disgust	prophesy
prophesy	fear	prophesy
prophesy	joy	prophesy
prophesy	negative	prophesy
prophesy	positive	prophesy
prophesy	sadness	prophesy
prophesy	surprise	prophesy
prophesy	trust	prophesy
decrease	anger	disminución
decrease	anticipation	de disminución
decrease	disgust	de disminución
decrease	fear	de disminución
decrease	joy	disminución
decrease	negative	de disminución
decrease	positive	de disminución
decrease	sadness	de disminución
decrease	surprise	pastel
decrease	trust	de pastel
cake	anger	de disminución
cake	anticipation	de disminución
cake	disgust	pastel
cake	fear	de pastel
cake	joy	de pastel
cake	negative	de pastel
cake	positive	pastel
cake	sadness	de pastel
cake	surprise	de pastel
cake	trust	de pastel
revoke	anger	revoca
revoke	anticipation	revocar
revoke	disgust	revocar
revoke	fear	revocar
revoke	joy	revocar
revoke	negative	revocar
revoke	positive	revocar
revoke	sadness	revocar
revoke	surprise	revocar
revoke	trust	revocar
experimental	anger	experimental
experimental	anticipation	experimental
experimental	disgust	experimental
experimental	fear	experimental
experimental	joy	experimental
experimental	negative	experimental
experimental	positive	experimental
experimental	sadness	experimental
experimental	surprise	experimental
experimental	trust	experimental
equal	anger	igual
equal	anticipation	igual
equal	disgust	igual
equal	fear	igual
equal	joy	igual
equal	negative	igual
equal	positive	igual
equal	sadness	punto muerto
equal	surprise	de punto muerto
equal	trust	igual
standoff	anger	igual
standoff	anticipation	igual
standoff	disgust	punto muerto
standoff	fear	de punto muerto
standoff	joy	de punto muerto
standoff	negative	de punto muerto
standoff	positive	punto muerto
standoff	sadness	de punto muerto
standoff	surprise	de punto muerto
standoff	trust	de punto muerto
nipple	anger	nipple
nipple	anticipation	nipple
nipple	disgust	nipple
nipple	fear	nipple
nipple	joy	nipple
nipple	negative	nipple
nipple	positive	nipple
nipple	sadness	nipple
nipple	surprise	nipple
nipple	trust	nipple
cluster	anger	grupo
cluster	anticipation	de grupo
cluster	disgust	de grupo
cluster	fear	de grupo
cluster	joy	grupo
cluster	negative	de grupo
cluster	positive	de grupo
cluster	sadness	de grupo
cluster	surprise	grupo
cluster	trust	de grupo
retardation	anger	retardation
retardation	anticipation	retardation
retardation	disgust	retardation
retardation	fear	retardation
retardation	joy	retardation
retardation	negative	retardation
retardation	positive	retardation
retardation	sadness	retardation
retardation	surprise	retardation
retardation	trust	retardation
admittance	anger	admittance
admittance	anticipation	admittance
admittance	disgust	admittance
admittance	fear	admittance
admittance	joy	admittance
admittance	negative	admittance
admittance	positive	admittance
admittance	sadness	admittance
admittance	surprise	admittance
admittance	trust	admittance
oven	anger	horno
oven	anticipation	de horno
oven	disgust	de horno
oven	fear	de horno
oven	joy	horno
oven	negative	de horno
oven	positive	de horno
oven	sadness	de horno
oven	surprise	chimenea
oven	trust	de chimenea
hearth	anger	de horno
hearth	anticipation	de horno
hearth	disgust	chimenea
hearth	fear	de chimenea
hearth	joy	de chimenea
hearth	negative	de chimenea
hearth	positive	chimenea
hearth	sadness	de chimenea
hearth	surprise	de chimenea
hearth	trust	de chimenea
oppose	anger	oppose
oppose	anticipation	oppose
oppose	disgust	oppose
oppose	fear	oppose
oppose	joy	oppose
oppose	negative	oppose
oppose	positive	oppose
oppose	sadness	oppose
oppose	surprise	oppose
oppose	trust	oppose
inquisitive	anger	inquisitive
inquisitive	anticipation	inquisitive
inquisitive	disgust	inquisitive
inquisitive	fear	inquisitive
inquisitive	joy	inquisitive
inquisitive	negative	inquisitive
inquisitive	positive	inquisitive
inquisitive	sadness	inquisitive
inquisitive	surprise	inquisitive
inquisitive	trust	inquisitive
tranquility	anger	tranquilidad
tranquility	anticipation	de tranquilidad
tranquility	disgust	de tranquilidad
tranquility	fear	de tranquilidad
tranquility	joy	tranquilidad
tranquility	negative	de tranquilidad
tranquility	positive	de tranquilidad
tranquility	sadness	de tranquilidad
tranquility	surprise	tranquilidad
tranquility	trust	de tranquilidad
appellant	anger	appellant
appellant	anticipation	appellant
appellant	disgust	appellant
appellant	fear	appellant
appellant	joy	appellant
appellant	negative	appellant
appellant	positive	appellant
appellant	sadness	appellant
appellant	surprise	appellant
appellant	trust	appellant
slaughter	anger	slaughter
slaughter	anticipation	slaughter
slaughter	disgust	slaughter
slaughter	fear	slaughter
slaughter	joy	slaughter
slaughter	negative	slaughter
slaughter	positive	slaughter
slaughter	sadness	slaughter
slaughter	surprise	slaughter
slaughter	trust	slaughter
oblong	anger	oblong
oblong	anticipation	oblong
oblong	disgust	oblong
oblong	fear	oblong
oblong	joy	oblong
oblong	negative	oblong
oblong	positive	oblong
oblong	sadness	oblong
oblong	surprise	oblong
oblong	trust	oblong
honor	anger	honor
honor	anticipation	de honor
honor	disgust	de honor
honor	fear	de honor
honor	joy	honor
honor	negative	de honor
honor	positive	de honor
honor	sadness	de honor
honor	surprise	honor
honor	trust	de honor
aback	anger	aback
aback	anticipation	aback
aback	disgust	aback
aback	fear	aback
aback	joy	aback
aback	negative	aback
aback	positive	aback
aback	sadness	aback
aback	surprise	aback
aback	trust	aback
precautionary	anger	precautionary
precautionary	anticipation	precautionary
precautionary	disgust	precautionary
precautionary	fear	precautionary
precautionary	joy	precautionary
precautionary	negative	precautionary
precautionary	positive	precautionary
precautionary	sadness	precautionary
precautionary	surprise	precautionary
precautionary	trust	precautionary
desolation	anger	desolación
desolation	anticipation	de desolación
desolation	disgust	de desolación
desolation	fear	de desolación
desolation	joy	desolación
desolation	negative	de desolación
desolation	positive	de desolación
desolation	sadness	de desolación
desolation	surprise	desolación
desolation	trust	de desolación
parental	anger	parental
parental	anticipation	parental
parental	disgust	parental
parental	fear	parental
parental	joy	parental
parental	negative	parental
parental	positive	parental
parental	sadness	parental
parental	surprise	parental
parental	trust	parental
vortex	anger	vortex
vortex	anticipation	vortex
vortex	disgust	vortex
vortex	fear	vortex
vortex	joy	vortex
vortex	negative	vortex
vortex	positive	vortex
vortex	sadness	vortex
vortex	surprise	vortex
vortex	trust	vortex
subduction	anger	subducción
subduction	anticipation	de subducción
subduction	disgust	de subducción
subduction	fear	de subducción
subduction	joy	subducción
subduction	negative	de subducción
subduction	positive	de subducción
subduction	sadness	de subducción
subduction	surprise	subducción
subduction	trust	de subducción
doer	anger	doer
doer	anticipation	doer
doer	disgust	doer
doer	fear	doer
doer	joy	doer
doer	negative	doer
doer	positive	doer
doer	sadness	doer
doer	surprise	doer
doer	trust	doer
constipation	anger	estreñimiento
constipation	anticipation	de estreñimiento
constipation	disgust	de estreñimiento
constipation	fear	de estreñimiento
constipation	joy	estreñimiento
constipation	negative	de estreñimiento
constipation	positive	de estreñimiento
constipation	sadness	de estreñimiento
constipation	surprise	entrega
constipation	trust	de entrega
delivery	anger	de estreñimiento
delivery	anticipation	de estreñimiento
delivery	disgust	entrega
delivery	fear	de entrega
delivery	joy	de entrega
delivery	negative	de entrega
delivery	positive	entrega
delivery	sadness	de entrega
delivery	surprise	de entrega
delivery	trust	de entrega
vary	anger	varía
vary	anticipation	variar
vary	disgust	variar
vary	fear	variar
vary	joy	variar
vary	negative	variar
vary	positive	variar
vary	sadness	variar
vary	surprise	variar
vary	trust	variar
shore	anger	orilla
shore	anticipation	de orilla
shore	disgust	de orilla
shore	fear	de orilla
shore	joy	orilla
shore	negative	de orilla
shore	positive	de orilla
shore	sadness	de orilla
shore	surprise	orilla
shore	trust	de orilla
relapse	anger	relapse
relapse	anticipation	relapse
relapse	disgust	relapse
relapse	fear	relapse
relapse	joy	relapse
relapse	negative	relapse
relapse	positive	relapse
relapse	sadness	relapse
relapse	surprise	relapse
relapse	trust	relapse
bureaucracy	anger	burocracia
bureaucracy	anticipation	de burocracia
bureaucracy	disgust	de burocracia
bureaucracy	fear	de burocracia
bureaucracy	joy	burocracia
bureaucracy	negative	de burocracia
bureaucracy	positive	de burocracia
bureaucracy	sadness	de burocracia
bureaucracy	surprise	burocracia
bureaucracy	trust	de burocracia
wince	anger	wince
wince	anticipation	wince
wince	disgust	wince
wince	fear	wince
wince	joy	wince
wince	negative	wince
wince	positive	wince
wince	sadness	wince
wince	surprise	wince
wince	trust	wince
thrift	anger	thrift
thrift	anticipation	thrift
thrift	disgust	thrift
thrift	fear	thrift
thrift	joy	thrift
thrift	negative	thrift
thrift	positive	thrift
thrift	sadness	thrift
thrift	surprise	thrift
thrift	trust	thrift
survival	anger	supervivencia
survival	anticipation	de supervivencia
survival	disgust	de supervivencia
survival	fear	de supervivencia
survival	joy	supervivencia
survival	negative	de supervivencia
survival	positive	de supervivencia
survival	sadness	de supervivencia
survival	surprise	supervivencia
survival	trust	de supervivencia
gregarious	anger	gregarious
gregarious	anticipation	gregarious
gregarious	disgust	gregarious
gregarious	fear	gregarious
gregarious	joy	gregarious
gregarious	negative	gregarious
gregarious	positive	gregarious
gregarious	sadness	gregarious
gregarious	surprise	gregarious
gregarious	trust	gregarious
spear	anger	spear
spear	anticipation	spear
spear	disgust	spear
spear	fear	spear
spear	joy	spear
spear	negative	spear
spear	positive	spear
spear	sadness	spear
spear	surprise	spear
spear	trust	spear
creeping	anger	arrastrándose
creeping	anticipation	arrastrándose
creeping	disgust	arrastrándose
creeping	fear	arrastrándose
creeping	joy	arrastrándose
creeping	negative	arrastrándose
creeping	positive	arrastrándose
creeping	sadness	arrastrándose
creeping	surprise	arrastrándose
creeping	trust	arrastrándose
tribute	anger	tributo
tribute	anticipation	de tributo
tribute	disgust	de tributo
tribute	fear	de tributo
tribute	joy	tributo
tribute	negative	de tributo
tribute	positive	de tributo
tribute	sadness	de tributo
tribute	surprise	jurisprudencia
tribute	trust	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	anger	de tributo
jurisprudence	anticipation	de tributo
jurisprudence	disgust	jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	fear	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	joy	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	negative	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	positive	jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	sadness	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	surprise	de jurisprudencia
jurisprudence	trust	de jurisprudencia
visor	anger	visera
visor	anticipation	de visera
visor	disgust	de visera
visor	fear	de visera
visor	joy	visera
visor	negative	de visera
visor	positive	de visera
visor	sadness	de visera
visor	surprise	rifle
visor	trust	de rifle
rifle	anger	de visera
rifle	anticipation	de visera
rifle	disgust	rifle
rifle	fear	de rifle
rifle	joy	de rifle
rifle	negative	de rifle
rifle	positive	rifle
rifle	sadness	de rifle
rifle	surprise	de rifle
rifle	trust	de rifle
evergreen	anger	perennifolio
evergreen	anticipation	perennifolio
evergreen	disgust	perennifolio
evergreen	fear	perennifolio
evergreen	joy	perennifolio
evergreen	negative	perennifolio
evergreen	positive	perennifolio
evergreen	sadness	perennifolio
evergreen	surprise	perennifolio
evergreen	trust	perennifolio
assassination	anger	assassination
assassination	anticipation	assassination
assassination	disgust	assassination
assassination	fear	assassination
assassination	joy	assassination
assassination	negative	assassination
assassination	positive	assassination
assassination	sadness	assassination
assassination	surprise	assassination
assassination	trust	assassination
tilting	anger	tilting
tilting	anticipation	tilting
tilting	disgust	tilting
tilting	fear	tilting
tilting	joy	tilting
tilting	negative	tilting
tilting	positive	tilting
tilting	sadness	tilting
tilting	surprise	tilting
tilting	trust	tilting
steps	anger	los pasos
steps	anticipation	da un paso
steps	disgust	los pasos
steps	fear	da un paso
steps	joy	los pasos
steps	negative	da un paso
steps	positive	pasos
steps	sadness	de pasos
steps	surprise	da un paso
steps	trust	pasos
verbatim	anger	verbatim
verbatim	anticipation	verbatim
verbatim	disgust	verbatim
verbatim	fear	verbatim
verbatim	joy	verbatim
verbatim	negative	verbatim
verbatim	positive	verbatim
verbatim	sadness	verbatim
verbatim	surprise	verbatim
verbatim	trust	verbatim
story	anger	historia
story	anticipation	de historia
story	disgust	de historia
story	fear	de historia
story	joy	historia
story	negative	de historia
story	positive	de historia
story	sadness	de historia
story	surprise	historia
story	trust	de historia que
swinging	anger	balancea
swinging	anticipation	balanceando
swinging	disgust	balanceando
swinging	fear	balanceando
swinging	joy	balanceando
swinging	negative	balanceando
swinging	positive	balanceando
swinging	sadness	balanceando
swinging	surprise	balanceando
swinging	trust	balanceando
unpleasant	anger	desagradable
unpleasant	anticipation	desagradable
unpleasant	disgust	desagradable
unpleasant	fear	desagradable
unpleasant	joy	desagradable
unpleasant	negative	desagradable
unpleasant	positive	desagradable
unpleasant	sadness	desagradable
unpleasant	surprise	desagradable
unpleasant	trust	desagradable
true	anger	cierto
true	anticipation	cierto
true	disgust	cierto
true	fear	cierto
true	joy	cierto
true	negative	cierto
true	positive	cierto
true	sadness	cierto
true	surprise	cierto
true	trust	cierto
criticize	anger	criticar
criticize	anticipation	criticar
criticize	disgust	criticar
criticize	fear	criticar
criticize	joy	criticar
criticize	negative	criticar
criticize	positive	criticar
criticize	sadness	criticar
criticize	surprise	criticar
criticize	trust	criticar
vent	anger	ventilación
vent	anticipation	de ventilación
vent	disgust	de ventilación
vent	fear	de ventilación
vent	joy	ventilación
vent	negative	de ventilación
vent	positive	de ventilación
vent	sadness	de ventilación
vent	surprise	ventilación
vent	trust	de ventilación
irrigate	anger	riega
irrigate	anticipation	regar
irrigate	disgust	regar
irrigate	fear	regar
irrigate	joy	regar
irrigate	negative	regar
irrigate	positive	regar
irrigate	sadness	regar
irrigate	surprise	regar
irrigate	trust	regar
interdependence	anger	interdependence
interdependence	anticipation	interdependence
interdependence	disgust	interdependence
interdependence	fear	interdependence
interdependence	joy	interdependence
interdependence	negative	interdependence
interdependence	positive	interdependence
interdependence	sadness	interdependence
interdependence	surprise	interdependence
interdependence	trust	interdependence
winner	anger	ganador
winner	anticipation	de ganador
winner	disgust	de ganador
winner	fear	de ganador
winner	joy	ganador
winner	negative	de ganador
winner	positive	de ganador
winner	sadness	de ganador
winner	surprise	ganador
winner	trust	de ganador
considerable	anger	considerable
considerable	anticipation	considerable
considerable	disgust	considerable
considerable	fear	considerable
considerable	joy	considerable
considerable	negative	considerable
considerable	positive	considerable
considerable	sadness	prensa
considerable	surprise	de prensa
considerable	trust	considerable
press	anger	considerable
press	anticipation	considerable
press	disgust	prensa
press	fear	de prensa
press	joy	de prensa
press	negative	de prensa
press	positive	prensa
press	sadness	de prensa
press	surprise	de prensa
press	trust	de prensa
timeliness	anger	timeliness
timeliness	anticipation	timeliness
timeliness	disgust	timeliness
timeliness	fear	timeliness
timeliness	joy	timeliness
timeliness	negative	timeliness
timeliness	positive	timeliness
timeliness	sadness	timeliness
timeliness	surprise	timeliness
timeliness	trust	timeliness
inquest	anger	investigación
inquest	anticipation	de investigación
inquest	disgust	de investigación
inquest	fear	de investigación
inquest	joy	investigación
inquest	negative	de investigación
inquest	positive	de investigación
inquest	sadness	de investigación
inquest	surprise	incisión
inquest	trust	de incisión
incision	anger	de investigación
incision	anticipation	de investigación
incision	disgust	incisión
incision	fear	de incisión
incision	joy	de incisión
incision	negative	de incisión
incision	positive	incisión
incision	sadness	de incisión
incision	surprise	de incisión
incision	trust	de incisión que
hindering	anger	obstaculiza
hindering	anticipation	obstaculizando
hindering	disgust	obstaculizando
hindering	fear	obstaculizando
hindering	joy	obstaculizando
hindering	negative	obstaculizando
hindering	positive	obstaculizando
hindering	sadness	obstaculizando
hindering	surprise	obstaculizando
hindering	trust	obstaculizando
responsible	anger	responsable
responsible	anticipation	responsable
responsible	disgust	responsable
responsible	fear	responsable
responsible	joy	responsable
responsible	negative	responsable
responsible	positive	responsable
responsible	sadness	responsable
responsible	surprise	responsable
responsible	trust	responsable
background	anger	de fondo
background	anticipation	de fondo
background	disgust	de fondo
background	fear	de fondo
background	joy	de fondo
background	negative	de fondo
background	positive	fondo
background	sadness	de fondo
background	surprise	de fondo
background	trust	de fondo
wander	anger	vaga
wander	anticipation	vagar
wander	disgust	vagar
wander	fear	vagar
wander	joy	vagar
wander	negative	vagar
wander	positive	vagar
wander	sadness	vagar
wander	surprise	vagar
wander	trust	vagar
infer	anger	inferir
infer	anticipation	inferir
infer	disgust	inferir
infer	fear	inferir
infer	joy	inferir
infer	negative	inferir
infer	positive	inferir
infer	sadness	inferir
infer	surprise	inferir
infer	trust	inferir
foreclose	anger	foreclose
foreclose	anticipation	foreclose
foreclose	disgust	foreclose
foreclose	fear	foreclose
foreclose	joy	foreclose
foreclose	negative	foreclose
foreclose	positive	foreclose
foreclose	sadness	foreclose
foreclose	surprise	foreclose
foreclose	trust	foreclose
wrest	anger	wrest
wrest	anticipation	wrest
wrest	disgust	wrest
wrest	fear	wrest
wrest	joy	wrest
wrest	negative	wrest
wrest	positive	wrest
wrest	sadness	wrest
wrest	surprise	wrest
wrest	trust	wrest
prop	anger	prop
prop	anticipation	prop
prop	disgust	prop
prop	fear	prop
prop	joy	prop
prop	negative	prop
prop	positive	prop
prop	sadness	prop
prop	surprise	prop
prop	trust	prop
ground	anger	tierra
ground	anticipation	de tierra
ground	disgust	de tierra
ground	fear	de tierra
ground	joy	tierra
ground	negative	de tierra
ground	positive	de tierra
ground	sadness	de tierra
ground	surprise	tierra
ground	trust	de tierra
necrosis	anger	necrosis
necrosis	anticipation	necrosis
necrosis	disgust	necrosis
necrosis	fear	necrosis
necrosis	joy	necrosis
necrosis	negative	necrosis
necrosis	positive	necrosis
necrosis	sadness	necrosis
necrosis	surprise	necrosis
necrosis	trust	necrosis
necessitate	anger	necessitate
necessitate	anticipation	necessitate
necessitate	disgust	necessitate
necessitate	fear	necessitate
necessitate	joy	necessitate
necessitate	negative	necessitate
necessitate	positive	necessitate
necessitate	sadness	necessitate
necessitate	surprise	necessitate
necessitate	trust	necessitate
deformity	anger	deformidad
deformity	anticipation	de deformidad
deformity	disgust	de deformidad
deformity	fear	de deformidad
deformity	joy	deformidad
deformity	negative	de deformidad
deformity	positive	de deformidad
deformity	sadness	de deformidad
deformity	surprise	deformidad
deformity	trust	de deformidad
olfactory	anger	olfatoria
olfactory	anticipation	olfatorio
olfactory	disgust	olfatorio
olfactory	fear	olfatorio
olfactory	joy	olfatorio
olfactory	negative	olfatorio
olfactory	positive	olfatorio
olfactory	sadness	olfatorio
olfactory	surprise	olfatorio
olfactory	trust	olfatorio
beneath	anger	debajo
beneath	anticipation	debajo
beneath	disgust	debajo
beneath	fear	debajo
beneath	joy	debajo
beneath	negative	debajo
beneath	positive	debajo
beneath	sadness	debajo
beneath	surprise	debajo
beneath	trust	debajo
predicting	anger	pronosticando
predicting	anticipation	pronosticando
predicting	disgust	pronosticando
predicting	fear	pronosticando
predicting	joy	pronosticando
predicting	negative	pronosticando
predicting	positive	pronosticando
predicting	sadness	pronosticando
predicting	surprise	pronosticando
predicting	trust	pronosticando
mediator	anger	mediador
mediator	anticipation	de mediador
mediator	disgust	de mediador
mediator	fear	de mediador
mediator	joy	mediador
mediator	negative	de mediador
mediator	positive	de mediador
mediator	sadness	de mediador
mediator	surprise	deducción
mediator	trust	de deducción
deduction	anger	de mediador
deduction	anticipation	de mediador
deduction	disgust	deducción
deduction	fear	de deducción
deduction	joy	de deducción
deduction	negative	de deducción
deduction	positive	deducción
deduction	sadness	de deducción
deduction	surprise	de deducción
deduction	trust	de deducción
familiarize	anger	familiariza
familiarize	anticipation	familiarizar
familiarize	disgust	familiarizar
familiarize	fear	familiarizar
familiarize	joy	familiarizar
familiarize	negative	familiarizar
familiarize	positive	familiarizar
familiarize	sadness	familiarizar
familiarize	surprise	familiarizar
familiarize	trust	familiarizar
woody	anger	leñoso
woody	anticipation	leñoso
woody	disgust	leñoso
woody	fear	leñoso
woody	joy	leñoso
woody	negative	leñoso
woody	positive	leñoso
woody	sadness	leñoso
woody	surprise	leñoso
woody	trust	leñoso
mustang	anger	mustang
mustang	anticipation	mustang
mustang	disgust	mustang
mustang	fear	mustang
mustang	joy	mustang
mustang	negative	mustang
mustang	positive	mustang
mustang	sadness	mustang
mustang	surprise	mustang
mustang	trust	mustang
reconsider	anger	reconsiderar
reconsider	anticipation	reconsiderar
reconsider	disgust	reconsiderar
reconsider	fear	reconsiderar
reconsider	joy	reconsiderar
reconsider	negative	reconsiderar
reconsider	positive	reconsiderar
reconsider	sadness	reconsiderar
reconsider	surprise	reconsiderar
reconsider	trust	reconsiderar
moratorium	anger	moratoria
moratorium	anticipation	de moratoria
moratorium	disgust	de moratoria
moratorium	fear	de moratoria
moratorium	joy	moratoria
moratorium	negative	de moratoria
moratorium	positive	de moratoria
moratorium	sadness	de moratoria
moratorium	surprise	incidencia
moratorium	trust	de incidencia
incidence	anger	de moratoria
incidence	anticipation	de moratoria
incidence	disgust	incidencia
incidence	fear	de incidencia
incidence	joy	de incidencia
incidence	negative	de incidencia
incidence	positive	incidencia
incidence	sadness	de incidencia
incidence	surprise	de incidencia
incidence	trust	de incidencia
argue	anger	argumenta
argue	anticipation	argumentar
argue	disgust	argumentar
argue	fear	argumentar
argue	joy	argumentar
argue	negative	argumentar
argue	positive	argumentar
argue	sadness	argumentar
argue	surprise	argumentar
argue	trust	argumentar
tact	anger	tact
tact	anticipation	tact
tact	disgust	tact
tact	fear	tact
tact	joy	tact
tact	negative	tact
tact	positive	tact
tact	sadness	tact
tact	surprise	tact
tact	trust	tact
nautical	anger	náutico
nautical	anticipation	náutico
nautical	disgust	náutico
nautical	fear	náutico
nautical	joy	náutico
nautical	negative	náutico
nautical	positive	náutico
nautical	sadness	ternera
nautical	surprise	de ternera
nautical	trust	náutica
beef	anger	náutica
beef	anticipation	náutica
beef	disgust	ternera
beef	fear	de ternera
beef	joy	de ternera
beef	negative	de ternera
beef	positive	ternera
beef	sadness	de ternera
beef	surprise	de ternera
beef	trust	de ternera
worldly	anger	worldly
worldly	anticipation	worldly
worldly	disgust	worldly
worldly	fear	worldly
worldly	joy	worldly
worldly	negative	worldly
worldly	positive	worldly
worldly	sadness	worldly
worldly	surprise	worldly
worldly	trust	worldly
acknowledge	anger	reconocer
acknowledge	anticipation	reconocer
acknowledge	disgust	reconocer
acknowledge	fear	reconocer
acknowledge	joy	reconocer
acknowledge	negative	reconocer
acknowledge	positive	reconocer
acknowledge	sadness	reconocer
acknowledge	surprise	reconocer
acknowledge	trust	reconocer
sparkle	anger	sparkle
sparkle	anticipation	sparkle
sparkle	disgust	sparkle
sparkle	fear	sparkle
sparkle	joy	sparkle
sparkle	negative	sparkle
sparkle	positive	sparkle
sparkle	sadness	sparkle
sparkle	surprise	sparkle
sparkle	trust	sparkle
malice	anger	malicia
malice	anticipation	de malicia
malice	disgust	de malicia
malice	fear	de malicia
malice	joy	malicia
malice	negative	de malicia
malice	positive	de malicia
malice	sadness	de malicia
malice	surprise	malicia
malice	trust	de malicia
thoroughfare	anger	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	anticipation	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	disgust	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	fear	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	joy	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	negative	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	positive	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	sadness	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	surprise	thoroughfare
thoroughfare	trust	thoroughfare
translation	anger	traducción
translation	anticipation	de traducción
translation	disgust	de traducción
translation	fear	de traducción
translation	joy	traducción
translation	negative	de traducción
translation	positive	de traducción
translation	sadness	de traducción
translation	surprise	traducción
translation	trust	de traducción
uneven	anger	desigual
uneven	anticipation	desigual
uneven	disgust	desigual
uneven	fear	desigual
uneven	joy	desigual
uneven	negative	desigual
uneven	positive	desigual
uneven	sadness	hoja
uneven	surprise	de hoja
uneven	trust	desigual
leaf	anger	desigual
leaf	anticipation	desigual
leaf	disgust	hoja
leaf	fear	de hoja
leaf	joy	de hoja
leaf	negative	de hoja
leaf	positive	hoja
leaf	sadness	de hoja
leaf	surprise	de hoja
leaf	trust	de hoja
idealist	anger	idealista
idealist	anticipation	de idealista
idealist	disgust	de idealista
idealist	fear	de idealista
idealist	joy	idealista
idealist	negative	de idealista
idealist	positive	de idealista
idealist	sadness	de idealista
idealist	surprise	idealista
idealist	trust	de idealista
pond	anger	pond
pond	anticipation	pond
pond	disgust	pond
pond	fear	pond
pond	joy	pond
pond	negative	pond
pond	positive	pond
pond	sadness	pond
pond	surprise	pond
pond	trust	pond
blitz	anger	blitz
blitz	anticipation	blitz
blitz	disgust	blitz
blitz	fear	blitz
blitz	joy	blitz
blitz	negative	blitz
blitz	positive	blitz
blitz	sadness	blitz
blitz	surprise	blitz
blitz	trust	blitz
finance	anger	finanza
finance	anticipation	de finanza
finance	disgust	de finanza
finance	fear	de finanza
finance	joy	finanza
finance	negative	de finanza
finance	positive	de finanza
finance	sadness	de finanza
finance	surprise	patrocinio
finance	trust	de patrocinio
sponsorship	anger	de finanza
sponsorship	anticipation	de finanza
sponsorship	disgust	patrocinio
sponsorship	fear	de patrocinio
sponsorship	joy	de patrocinio
sponsorship	negative	de patrocinio
sponsorship	positive	patrocinio
sponsorship	sadness	de patrocinio
sponsorship	surprise	de patrocinio
sponsorship	trust	de patrocinio
goodbye	anger	adiós
goodbye	anticipation	de adiós
goodbye	disgust	de adiós
goodbye	fear	de adiós
goodbye	joy	adiós
goodbye	negative	de adiós
goodbye	positive	de adiós
goodbye	sadness	de adiós
goodbye	surprise	adiós
goodbye	trust	de adiós
disintegrate	anger	desintegra
disintegrate	anticipation	desintegrar
disintegrate	disgust	desintegrar
disintegrate	fear	desintegrar
disintegrate	joy	desintegrar
disintegrate	negative	desintegrar
disintegrate	positive	desintegrar
disintegrate	sadness	desintegrar
disintegrate	surprise	desintegrar
disintegrate	trust	desintegrar
livelihood	anger	livelihood
livelihood	anticipation	livelihood
livelihood	disgust	livelihood
livelihood	fear	livelihood
livelihood	joy	livelihood
livelihood	negative	livelihood
livelihood	positive	livelihood
livelihood	sadness	livelihood
livelihood	surprise	livelihood
livelihood	trust	livelihood
enforcement	anger	aplicación
enforcement	anticipation	de aplicación
enforcement	disgust	de aplicación
enforcement	fear	de aplicación
enforcement	joy	aplicación
enforcement	negative	de aplicación
enforcement	positive	de aplicación
enforcement	sadness	de aplicación
enforcement	surprise	aplicación
enforcement	trust	de aplicación
clouded	anger	clouded
clouded	anticipation	clouded
clouded	disgust	clouded
clouded	fear	clouded
clouded	joy	clouded
clouded	negative	clouded
clouded	positive	clouded
clouded	sadness	clouded
clouded	surprise	clouded
clouded	trust	clouded
unwise	anger	unwise
unwise	anticipation	unwise
unwise	disgust	unwise
unwise	fear	unwise
unwise	joy	unwise
unwise	negative	unwise
unwise	positive	unwise
unwise	sadness	unwise
unwise	surprise	unwise
unwise	trust	unwise
fashion	anger	moda
fashion	anticipation	de moda
fashion	disgust	de moda
fashion	fear	de moda
fashion	joy	moda
fashion	negative	de moda
fashion	positive	de moda
fashion	sadness	de moda
fashion	surprise	candado
fashion	trust	de candado
padlock	anger	de moda
padlock	anticipation	de moda
padlock	disgust	candado
padlock	fear	de candado
padlock	joy	de candado
padlock	negative	de candado
padlock	positive	candado
padlock	sadness	de candado
padlock	surprise	de candado
padlock	trust	de candado
burrow	anger	madriguera
burrow	anticipation	de madriguera
burrow	disgust	de madriguera
burrow	fear	de madriguera
burrow	joy	madriguera
burrow	negative	de madriguera
burrow	positive	de madriguera
burrow	sadness	de madriguera
burrow	surprise	madriguera
burrow	trust	de madriguera
fictitious	anger	ficticia
fictitious	anticipation	ficticio
fictitious	disgust	ficticio
fictitious	fear	ficticio
fictitious	joy	ficticio
fictitious	negative	ficticio
fictitious	positive	ficticio
fictitious	sadness	anotación
fictitious	surprise	de anotación
fictitious	trust	ficticia
annotation	anger	ficticia
annotation	anticipation	ficticia
annotation	disgust	anotación
annotation	fear	de anotación
annotation	joy	de anotación
annotation	negative	de anotación
annotation	positive	anotación
annotation	sadness	de anotación
annotation	surprise	de anotación
annotation	trust	de anotación
standstill	anger	standstill
standstill	anticipation	standstill
standstill	disgust	standstill
standstill	fear	standstill
standstill	joy	standstill
standstill	negative	standstill
standstill	positive	standstill
standstill	sadness	standstill
standstill	surprise	standstill
standstill	trust	standstill
adamant	anger	firme
adamant	anticipation	firme
adamant	disgust	firme
adamant	fear	firme
adamant	joy	firme
adamant	negative	firme
adamant	positive	firme
adamant	sadness	firme
adamant	surprise	firme
adamant	trust	firme
progeny	anger	progeny
progeny	anticipation	progeny
progeny	disgust	progeny
progeny	fear	progeny
progeny	joy	progeny
progeny	negative	progeny
progeny	positive	progeny
progeny	sadness	progeny
progeny	surprise	progeny
progeny	trust	progeny
hype	anger	hype
hype	anticipation	hype
hype	disgust	hype
hype	fear	hype
hype	joy	hype
hype	negative	hype
hype	positive	hype
hype	sadness	hype
hype	surprise	hype
hype	trust	hype
apprehend	anger	aprehender
apprehend	anticipation	aprehender
apprehend	disgust	aprehender
apprehend	fear	aprehender
apprehend	joy	aprehender
apprehend	negative	aprehender
apprehend	positive	aprehender
apprehend	sadness	aprehender
apprehend	surprise	aprehender
apprehend	trust	aprehender
entail	anger	entail
entail	anticipation	entail
entail	disgust	entail
entail	fear	entail
entail	joy	entail
entail	negative	entail
entail	positive	entail
entail	sadness	entail
entail	surprise	entail
entail	trust	entail
menses	anger	menses
menses	anticipation	menses
menses	disgust	menses
menses	fear	menses
menses	joy	menses
menses	negative	menses
menses	positive	menses
menses	sadness	menses
menses	surprise	menses
menses	trust	menses
creamer	anger	creamer
creamer	anticipation	creamer
creamer	disgust	creamer
creamer	fear	creamer
creamer	joy	creamer
creamer	negative	creamer
creamer	positive	creamer
creamer	sadness	creamer
creamer	surprise	creamer
creamer	trust	creamer
telltale	anger	telltale
telltale	anticipation	telltale
telltale	disgust	telltale
telltale	fear	telltale
telltale	joy	telltale
telltale	negative	telltale
telltale	positive	telltale
telltale	sadness	telltale
telltale	surprise	telltale
telltale	trust	telltale
noble	anger	noble
noble	anticipation	noble
noble	disgust	noble
noble	fear	noble
noble	joy	noble
noble	negative	noble
noble	positive	noble
noble	sadness	festival
noble	surprise	de festival
noble	trust	noble
festival	anger	noble
festival	anticipation	noble
festival	disgust	festival
festival	fear	de festival
festival	joy	de festival
festival	negative	de festival
festival	positive	festival
festival	sadness	de festival
festival	surprise	de festival
festival	trust	de festival que
moving	anger	mueve
moving	anticipation	emotivo
moving	disgust	emotivo
moving	fear	emotivo
moving	joy	emotivo
moving	negative	emotivo
moving	positive	emotivo
moving	sadness	espolón
moving	surprise	de espolón
moving	trust	emotivo
spur	anger	emotivo
spur	anticipation	emotivo
spur	disgust	espolón
spur	fear	de espolón
spur	joy	de espolón
spur	negative	de espolón
spur	positive	espolón
spur	sadness	de espolón
spur	surprise	de espolón
spur	trust	de espolón
purgatory	anger	purgatorio
purgatory	anticipation	de purgatorio
purgatory	disgust	de purgatorio
purgatory	fear	de purgatorio
purgatory	joy	purgatorio
purgatory	negative	de purgatorio
purgatory	positive	de purgatorio
purgatory	sadness	de purgatorio
purgatory	surprise	purgatorio
purgatory	trust	de purgatorio
phonetic	anger	phonetic
phonetic	anticipation	phonetic
phonetic	disgust	phonetic
phonetic	fear	phonetic
phonetic	joy	phonetic
phonetic	negative	phonetic
phonetic	positive	phonetic
phonetic	sadness	phonetic
phonetic	surprise	phonetic
phonetic	trust	phonetic
conduct	anger	conducta
conduct	anticipation	de conducta
conduct	disgust	de conducta
conduct	fear	de conducta
conduct	joy	conducta
conduct	negative	de conducta
conduct	positive	de conducta
conduct	sadness	de conducta
conduct	surprise	adorno
conduct	trust	de adorno
embellishment	anger	de conducta
embellishment	anticipation	de conducta
embellishment	disgust	adorno
embellishment	fear	de adorno
embellishment	joy	de adorno
embellishment	negative	de adorno
embellishment	positive	adorno
embellishment	sadness	de adorno
embellishment	surprise	de adorno
embellishment	trust	de adorno
accept	anger	acepta
accept	anticipation	aceptar
accept	disgust	aceptar
accept	fear	aceptar
accept	joy	aceptar
accept	negative	aceptar
accept	positive	aceptar
accept	sadness	aceptar
accept	surprise	aceptar
accept	trust	aceptar
orb	anger	orb
orb	anticipation	orb
orb	disgust	orb
orb	fear	orb
orb	joy	orb
orb	negative	orb
orb	positive	orb
orb	sadness	orb
orb	surprise	orb
orb	trust	orb
fraternal	anger	fraternal
fraternal	anticipation	fraternal
fraternal	disgust	fraternal
fraternal	fear	fraternal
fraternal	joy	fraternal
fraternal	negative	fraternal
fraternal	positive	fraternal
fraternal	sadness	fraternal
fraternal	surprise	fraternal
fraternal	trust	fraternal
moose	anger	moose
moose	anticipation	moose
moose	disgust	moose
moose	fear	moose
moose	joy	moose
moose	negative	moose
moose	positive	moose
moose	sadness	moose
moose	surprise	moose
moose	trust	moose
gloom	anger	gloom
gloom	anticipation	gloom
gloom	disgust	gloom
gloom	fear	gloom
gloom	joy	gloom
gloom	negative	gloom
gloom	positive	gloom
gloom	sadness	gloom
gloom	surprise	gloom
gloom	trust	gloom
paternal	anger	paternal
paternal	anticipation	paternal
paternal	disgust	paternal
paternal	fear	paternal
paternal	joy	paternal
paternal	negative	paternal
paternal	positive	paternal
paternal	sadness	cláusula
paternal	surprise	de cláusula
paternal	trust	paternal
clause	anger	paternal
clause	anticipation	paternal
clause	disgust	cláusula
clause	fear	de cláusula
clause	joy	de cláusula
clause	negative	de cláusula
clause	positive	cláusula
clause	sadness	de cláusula
clause	surprise	de cláusula
clause	trust	de cláusula
solid	anger	sólida
solid	anticipation	sólido
solid	disgust	sólido
solid	fear	sólido
solid	joy	sólido
solid	negative	sólido
solid	positive	sólido
solid	sadness	sólido
solid	surprise	sólido
solid	trust	sólido
fluctuating	anger	fluctuando
fluctuating	anticipation	fluctuando
fluctuating	disgust	fluctuando
fluctuating	fear	fluctuando
fluctuating	joy	fluctuando
fluctuating	negative	fluctuando
fluctuating	positive	fluctuando
fluctuating	sadness	fluctuando
fluctuating	surprise	fluctuando
fluctuating	trust	fluctuando
debate	anger	debate
debate	anticipation	de debate
debate	disgust	de debate
debate	fear	de debate
debate	joy	debate
debate	negative	de debate
debate	positive	de debate
debate	sadness	de debate
debate	surprise	debate
debate	trust	de debate
nibble	anger	nibble
nibble	anticipation	nibble
nibble	disgust	nibble
nibble	fear	nibble
nibble	joy	nibble
nibble	negative	nibble
nibble	positive	nibble
nibble	sadness	nibble
nibble	surprise	nibble
nibble	trust	nibble
mode	anger	modo
mode	anticipation	de modo
mode	disgust	de modo
mode	fear	de modo
mode	joy	modo
mode	negative	de modo
mode	positive	de modo
mode	sadness	de modo
mode	surprise	modo
mode	trust	de modo
unimportant	anger	sin importancia
unimportant	anticipation	sin importancia
unimportant	disgust	sin importancia
unimportant	fear	sin importancia
unimportant	joy	sin importancia
unimportant	negative	sin importancia
unimportant	positive	sin importancia
unimportant	sadness	secesión
unimportant	surprise	de secesión
unimportant	trust	sin importancia
secession	anger	sin importancia
secession	anticipation	sin importancia
secession	disgust	secesión
secession	fear	de secesión
secession	joy	de secesión
secession	negative	de secesión
secession	positive	secesión
secession	sadness	de secesión
secession	surprise	de secesión
secession	trust	de secesión
continually	anger	continuamente
continually	anticipation	continuamente
continually	disgust	continuamente
continually	fear	continuamente
continually	joy	continuamente
continually	negative	continuamente
continually	positive	continuamente
continually	sadness	continuamente
continually	surprise	continuamente
continually	trust	continuamente
legacy	anger	legado
legacy	anticipation	de legado
legacy	disgust	de legado
legacy	fear	de legado
legacy	joy	legado
legacy	negative	de legado
legacy	positive	de legado
legacy	sadness	de legado
legacy	surprise	legado
legacy	trust	de legado
happily	anger	afortunadamente
happily	anticipation	afortunadamente
happily	disgust	afortunadamente
happily	fear	afortunadamente
happily	joy	afortunadamente
happily	negative	afortunadamente
happily	positive	afortunadamente
happily	sadness	afortunadamente
happily	surprise	afortunadamente
happily	trust	afortunadamente
journalism	anger	periodismo
journalism	anticipation	de periodismo
journalism	disgust	de periodismo
journalism	fear	de periodismo
journalism	joy	periodismo
journalism	negative	de periodismo
journalism	positive	de periodismo
journalism	sadness	de periodismo
journalism	surprise	señal
journalism	trust	de señal
sign	anger	de periodismo
sign	anticipation	de periodismo
sign	disgust	señal
sign	fear	de señal
sign	joy	de señal
sign	negative	de señal
sign	positive	señal
sign	sadness	de señal
sign	surprise	de señal
sign	trust	de señal
contributor	anger	colaborador
contributor	anticipation	de colaborador
contributor	disgust	de colaborador
contributor	fear	de colaborador
contributor	joy	colaborador
contributor	negative	de colaborador
contributor	positive	de colaborador
contributor	sadness	de colaborador
contributor	surprise	base
contributor	trust	de base
base	anger	de colaborador
base	anticipation	de colaborador
base	disgust	base
base	fear	de base
base	joy	de base
base	negative	de base
base	positive	base
base	sadness	de base
base	surprise	de base
base	trust	de base
colony	anger	colonia
colony	anticipation	de colonia
colony	disgust	de colonia
colony	fear	de colonia
colony	joy	colonia
colony	negative	de colonia
colony	positive	de colonia
colony	sadness	de colonia
colony	surprise	colonia
colony	trust	de colonia
oust	anger	desbanca
oust	anticipation	desbancar
oust	disgust	desbancar
oust	fear	desbancar
oust	joy	desbancar
oust	negative	desbancar
oust	positive	desbancar
oust	sadness	desbancar
oust	surprise	desbancar
oust	trust	desbancar
shoals	anger	shoals
shoals	anticipation	shoals
shoals	disgust	shoals
shoals	fear	shoals
shoals	joy	shoals
shoals	negative	shoals
shoals	positive	shoals
shoals	sadness	shoals
shoals	surprise	shoals
shoals	trust	shoals
apron	anger	delantal
apron	anticipation	de delantal
apron	disgust	de delantal
apron	fear	de delantal
apron	joy	delantal
apron	negative	de delantal
apron	positive	de delantal
apron	sadness	de delantal
apron	surprise	revolución
apron	trust	de revolución
revolution	anger	de delantal
revolution	anticipation	de delantal
revolution	disgust	revolución
revolution	fear	de revolución
revolution	joy	de revolución
revolution	negative	de revolución
revolution	positive	revolución
revolution	sadness	de revolución
revolution	surprise	de revolución
revolution	trust	de revolución
porosity	anger	porosity
porosity	anticipation	porosity
porosity	disgust	porosity
porosity	fear	porosity
porosity	joy	porosity
porosity	negative	porosity
porosity	positive	porosity
porosity	sadness	porosity
porosity	surprise	porosity
porosity	trust	porosity
frenzied	anger	frenzied
frenzied	anticipation	frenzied
frenzied	disgust	frenzied
frenzied	fear	frenzied
frenzied	joy	frenzied
frenzied	negative	frenzied
frenzied	positive	frenzied
frenzied	sadness	frenzied
frenzied	surprise	frenzied
frenzied	trust	frenzied
uninfected	anger	uninfected
uninfected	anticipation	uninfected
uninfected	disgust	uninfected
uninfected	fear	uninfected
uninfected	joy	uninfected
uninfected	negative	uninfected
uninfected	positive	uninfected
uninfected	sadness	uninfected
uninfected	surprise	uninfected
uninfected	trust	uninfected
hiatus	anger	hiato
hiatus	anticipation	de hiato
hiatus	disgust	de hiato
hiatus	fear	de hiato
hiatus	joy	hiato
hiatus	negative	de hiato
hiatus	positive	de hiato
hiatus	sadness	de hiato
hiatus	surprise	hiato
hiatus	trust	de hiato
flirt	anger	coquetea
flirt	anticipation	coquetear
flirt	disgust	coquetear
flirt	fear	coquetear
flirt	joy	coquetear
flirt	negative	coquetear
flirt	positive	coquetear
flirt	sadness	coquetear
flirt	surprise	coquetear
flirt	trust	coquetear
poem	anger	poema
poem	anticipation	de poema
poem	disgust	de poema
poem	fear	de poema
poem	joy	poema
poem	negative	de poema
poem	positive	de poema
poem	sadness	de poema
poem	surprise	rollo
poem	trust	de rollo
scroll	anger	de poema
scroll	anticipation	de poema
scroll	disgust	rollo
scroll	fear	de rollo
scroll	joy	de rollo
scroll	negative	de rollo
scroll	positive	rollo
scroll	sadness	de rollo
scroll	surprise	de rollo
scroll	trust	de rollo
grove	anger	grove
grove	anticipation	grove
grove	disgust	grove
grove	fear	grove
grove	joy	grove
grove	negative	grove
grove	positive	grove
grove	sadness	grove
grove	surprise	grove
grove	trust	grove
evermore	anger	eternamente
evermore	anticipation	eternamente
evermore	disgust	eternamente
evermore	fear	eternamente
evermore	joy	eternamente
evermore	negative	eternamente
evermore	positive	eternamente
evermore	sadness	eternamente
evermore	surprise	eternamente
evermore	trust	eternamente
coin	anger	moneda
coin	anticipation	de moneda
coin	disgust	de moneda
coin	fear	de moneda
coin	joy	moneda
coin	negative	de moneda
coin	positive	de moneda
coin	sadness	de moneda
coin	surprise	moneda
coin	trust	de moneda que
refraining	anger	refrena
refraining	anticipation	refrenando
refraining	disgust	refrenando
refraining	fear	refrenando
refraining	joy	refrenando
refraining	negative	refrenando
refraining	positive	refrenando
refraining	sadness	refrenando
refraining	surprise	refrenando
refraining	trust	refrenando
developing	anger	en desarrollo
developing	anticipation	en desarrollo
developing	disgust	en desarrollo
developing	fear	en desarrollo
developing	joy	en desarrollo
developing	negative	en desarrollo
developing	positive	en desarrollo
developing	sadness	en desarrollo
developing	surprise	en desarrollo
developing	trust	en desarrollo
lifelong	anger	lifelong
lifelong	anticipation	lifelong
lifelong	disgust	lifelong
lifelong	fear	lifelong
lifelong	joy	lifelong
lifelong	negative	lifelong
lifelong	positive	lifelong
lifelong	sadness	lifelong
lifelong	surprise	lifelong
lifelong	trust	lifelong
mutilated	anger	mutiló
mutilated	anticipation	mutilado
mutilated	disgust	mutiló
mutilated	fear	mutilado
mutilated	joy	mutiló
mutilated	negative	mutilado
mutilated	positive	mutiló
mutilated	sadness	mutilado
mutilated	surprise	mutiló
mutilated	trust	mutilado
randomly	anger	aleatoriamente
randomly	anticipation	aleatoriamente
randomly	disgust	aleatoriamente
randomly	fear	aleatoriamente
randomly	joy	aleatoriamente
randomly	negative	aleatoriamente
randomly	positive	aleatoriamente
randomly	sadness	aleatoriamente
randomly	surprise	aleatoriamente
randomly	trust	aleatoriamente
newspaper	anger	diario
newspaper	anticipation	de diario
newspaper	disgust	de diario
newspaper	fear	de diario
newspaper	joy	diario
newspaper	negative	de diario
newspaper	positive	de diario
newspaper	sadness	de diario
newspaper	surprise	diario
newspaper	trust	de diario
abrupt	anger	repentino
abrupt	anticipation	repentino
abrupt	disgust	repentino
abrupt	fear	repentino
abrupt	joy	repentino
abrupt	negative	repentino
abrupt	positive	repentino
abrupt	sadness	repentino
abrupt	surprise	repentino
abrupt	trust	repentino
frontage	anger	frontage
frontage	anticipation	frontage
frontage	disgust	frontage
frontage	fear	frontage
frontage	joy	frontage
frontage	negative	frontage
frontage	positive	frontage
frontage	sadness	frontage
frontage	surprise	frontage
frontage	trust	frontage
graciously	anger	graciously
graciously	anticipation	graciously
graciously	disgust	graciously
graciously	fear	graciously
graciously	joy	graciously
graciously	negative	graciously
graciously	positive	graciously
graciously	sadness	graciously
graciously	surprise	graciously
graciously	trust	graciously
esthetic	anger	esthetic
esthetic	anticipation	esthetic
esthetic	disgust	esthetic
esthetic	fear	esthetic
esthetic	joy	esthetic
esthetic	negative	esthetic
esthetic	positive	esthetic
esthetic	sadness	esthetic
esthetic	surprise	esthetic
esthetic	trust	esthetic
untoward	anger	untoward
untoward	anticipation	untoward
untoward	disgust	untoward
untoward	fear	untoward
untoward	joy	untoward
untoward	negative	untoward
untoward	positive	untoward
untoward	sadness	untoward
untoward	surprise	untoward
untoward	trust	untoward
influence	anger	influencia
influence	anticipation	de influencia
influence	disgust	de influencia
influence	fear	de influencia
influence	joy	influencia
influence	negative	de influencia
influence	positive	de influencia
influence	sadness	de influencia
influence	surprise	influencia
influence	trust	de influencia
degrade	anger	degrada
degrade	anticipation	degradar
degrade	disgust	degradar
degrade	fear	degradar
degrade	joy	degradar
degrade	negative	degradar
degrade	positive	degradar
degrade	sadness	degradar
degrade	surprise	degradar
degrade	trust	degradar
institute	anger	instituto
institute	anticipation	de instituto
institute	disgust	de instituto
institute	fear	de instituto
institute	joy	instituto
institute	negative	de instituto
institute	positive	de instituto
institute	sadness	de instituto
institute	surprise	instituto
institute	trust	de instituto
endure	anger	soporta
endure	anticipation	soportar
endure	disgust	soportar
endure	fear	soportar
endure	joy	soportar
endure	negative	soportar
endure	positive	soportar
endure	sadness	soportar
endure	surprise	soportar
endure	trust	soportar
spy	anger	espía
spy	anticipation	de espía
spy	disgust	de espía
spy	fear	de espía
spy	joy	espía
spy	negative	de espía
spy	positive	de espía
spy	sadness	de espía
spy	surprise	ración
spy	trust	de ración
ration	anger	de espía
ration	anticipation	de espía
ration	disgust	ración
ration	fear	de ración
ration	joy	de ración
ration	negative	de ración
ration	positive	ración
ration	sadness	de ración
ration	surprise	de ración
ration	trust	de ración
ardor	anger	fervor
ardor	anticipation	de fervor
ardor	disgust	de fervor
ardor	fear	de fervor
ardor	joy	fervor
ardor	negative	de fervor
ardor	positive	de fervor
ardor	sadness	de fervor
ardor	surprise	fervor
ardor	trust	de fervor
enlarged	anger	amplió
enlarged	anticipation	ampliado
enlarged	disgust	amplió
enlarged	fear	ampliado
enlarged	joy	amplió
enlarged	negative	ampliado
enlarged	positive	amplió
enlarged	sadness	ampliado
enlarged	surprise	amplió
enlarged	trust	ampliado
bondage	anger	bondage
bondage	anticipation	bondage
bondage	disgust	bondage
bondage	fear	bondage
bondage	joy	bondage
bondage	negative	bondage
bondage	positive	bondage
bondage	sadness	bondage
bondage	surprise	bondage
bondage	trust	bondage
associate	anger	asociar
associate	anticipation	asociar
associate	disgust	asociar
associate	fear	asociar
associate	joy	asociar
associate	negative	asociar
associate	positive	asociar
associate	sadness	asociar
associate	surprise	asociar
associate	trust	asociar
dime	anger	dime
dime	anticipation	dime
dime	disgust	dime
dime	fear	dime
dime	joy	dime
dime	negative	dime
dime	positive	dime
dime	sadness	dime
dime	surprise	dime
dime	trust	dime
knotted	anger	nudoso
knotted	anticipation	nudoso
knotted	disgust	nudoso
knotted	fear	nudoso
knotted	joy	nudoso
knotted	negative	nudoso
knotted	positive	nudoso
knotted	sadness	nudoso
knotted	surprise	nudoso
knotted	trust	nudoso
winnings	anger	winnings
winnings	anticipation	winnings
winnings	disgust	winnings
winnings	fear	winnings
winnings	joy	winnings
winnings	negative	winnings
winnings	positive	winnings
winnings	sadness	winnings
winnings	surprise	winnings
winnings	trust	winnings
statistician	anger	estadístico
statistician	anticipation	de estadístico
statistician	disgust	de estadístico
statistician	fear	de estadístico
statistician	joy	estadístico
statistician	negative	de estadístico
statistician	positive	de estadístico
statistician	sadness	de estadístico
statistician	surprise	estadístico
statistician	trust	de estadístico
questionable	anger	cuestionable
questionable	anticipation	cuestionable
questionable	disgust	cuestionable
questionable	fear	cuestionable
questionable	joy	cuestionable
questionable	negative	cuestionable
questionable	positive	cuestionable
questionable	sadness	cuestionable
questionable	surprise	cuestionable
questionable	trust	cuestionable
superannuation	anger	superannuation
superannuation	anticipation	superannuation
superannuation	disgust	superannuation
superannuation	fear	superannuation
superannuation	joy	superannuation
superannuation	negative	superannuation
superannuation	positive	superannuation
superannuation	sadness	superannuation
superannuation	surprise	superannuation
superannuation	trust	superannuation
undivided	anger	undivided
undivided	anticipation	undivided
undivided	disgust	undivided
undivided	fear	undivided
undivided	joy	undivided
undivided	negative	undivided
undivided	positive	undivided
undivided	sadness	undivided
undivided	surprise	undivided
undivided	trust	undivided
scolding	anger	regaño
scolding	anticipation	de regaño
scolding	disgust	de regaño
scolding	fear	de regaño
scolding	joy	regaño
scolding	negative	de regaño
scolding	positive	de regaño
scolding	sadness	de regaño
scolding	surprise	regaño
scolding	trust	de regaño
adjacent	anger	adyacente
adjacent	anticipation	adyacente
adjacent	disgust	adyacente
adjacent	fear	adyacente
adjacent	joy	adyacente
adjacent	negative	adyacente
adjacent	positive	adyacente
adjacent	sadness	adyacente
adjacent	surprise	adyacente
adjacent	trust	adyacente
hardened	anger	hardened
hardened	anticipation	hardened
hardened	disgust	hardened
hardened	fear	hardened
hardened	joy	hardened
hardened	negative	hardened
hardened	positive	hardened
hardened	sadness	hardened
hardened	surprise	hardened
hardened	trust	hardened
beneficial	anger	beneficioso
beneficial	anticipation	beneficioso
beneficial	disgust	beneficioso
beneficial	fear	beneficioso
beneficial	joy	beneficioso
beneficial	negative	beneficioso
beneficial	positive	beneficioso
beneficial	sadness	beneficioso
beneficial	surprise	beneficioso
beneficial	trust	beneficioso
villager	anger	villager
villager	anticipation	villager
villager	disgust	villager
villager	fear	villager
villager	joy	villager
villager	negative	villager
villager	positive	villager
villager	sadness	villager
villager	surprise	villager
villager	trust	villager
resolve	anger	resolver
resolve	anticipation	resolver
resolve	disgust	resolver
resolve	fear	resolver
resolve	joy	resolver
resolve	negative	resolver
resolve	positive	resolver
resolve	sadness	resolver
resolve	surprise	resolver
resolve	trust	resolver
looming	anger	amenazando
looming	anticipation	amenazando
looming	disgust	amenazando
looming	fear	amenazando
looming	joy	amenazando
looming	negative	amenazando
looming	positive	amenazando
looming	sadness	amenazando
looming	surprise	amenazando
looming	trust	amenazando
mesh	anger	malla
mesh	anticipation	de malla
mesh	disgust	de malla
mesh	fear	de malla
mesh	joy	malla
mesh	negative	de malla
mesh	positive	de malla
mesh	sadness	de malla
mesh	surprise	malla
mesh	trust	de malla
veal	anger	veal
veal	anticipation	veal
veal	disgust	veal
veal	fear	veal
veal	joy	veal
veal	negative	veal
veal	positive	veal
veal	sadness	veal
veal	surprise	veal
veal	trust	veal
residences	anger	residencias
residences	anticipation	de residencias
residences	disgust	de residencias
residences	fear	de residencias
residences	joy	residencias
residences	negative	de residencias
residences	positive	de residencias
residences	sadness	de residencias
residences	surprise	residencias
residences	trust	de residencias
perusal	anger	perusal
perusal	anticipation	perusal
perusal	disgust	perusal
perusal	fear	perusal
perusal	joy	perusal
perusal	negative	perusal
perusal	positive	perusal
perusal	sadness	perusal
perusal	surprise	perusal
perusal	trust	perusal
womb	anger	womb
womb	anticipation	womb
womb	disgust	womb
womb	fear	womb
womb	joy	womb
womb	negative	womb
womb	positive	womb
womb	sadness	womb
womb	surprise	womb
womb	trust	womb
unnatural	anger	antinaturales
unnatural	anticipation	antinaturales
unnatural	disgust	antinaturales
unnatural	fear	antinaturales
unnatural	joy	antinaturales
unnatural	negative	antinaturales
unnatural	positive	antinaturales
unnatural	sadness	proyección
unnatural	surprise	de proyección
unnatural	trust	antinatural
projection	anger	antinatural
projection	anticipation	antinatural
projection	disgust	proyección
projection	fear	de proyección
projection	joy	de proyección
projection	negative	de proyección
projection	positive	proyección
projection	sadness	de proyección
projection	surprise	de proyección
projection	trust	de proyección
unabated	anger	unabated
unabated	anticipation	unabated
unabated	disgust	unabated
unabated	fear	unabated
unabated	joy	unabated
unabated	negative	unabated
unabated	positive	unabated
unabated	sadness	unabated
unabated	surprise	unabated
unabated	trust	unabated
stress	anger	tensión
stress	anticipation	de tensión
stress	disgust	de tensión
stress	fear	de tensión
stress	joy	tensión
stress	negative	de tensión
stress	positive	de tensión
stress	sadness	de tensión
stress	surprise	tensión
stress	trust	de tensión
neurotic	anger	neurotic
neurotic	anticipation	neurotic
neurotic	disgust	neurotic
neurotic	fear	neurotic
neurotic	joy	neurotic
neurotic	negative	neurotic
neurotic	positive	neurotic
neurotic	sadness	neurotic
neurotic	surprise	neurotic
neurotic	trust	neurotic
hushed	anger	hushed
hushed	anticipation	hushed
hushed	disgust	hushed
hushed	fear	hushed
hushed	joy	hushed
hushed	negative	hushed
hushed	positive	hushed
hushed	sadness	hushed
hushed	surprise	hushed
hushed	trust	hushed
obstruct	anger	obstruir
obstruct	anticipation	obstruir
obstruct	disgust	obstruir
obstruct	fear	obstruir
obstruct	joy	obstruir
obstruct	negative	obstruir
obstruct	positive	obstruir
obstruct	sadness	obstruir
obstruct	surprise	obstruir
obstruct	trust	obstruir
foreman	anger	foreman
foreman	anticipation	foreman
foreman	disgust	foreman
foreman	fear	foreman
foreman	joy	foreman
foreman	negative	foreman
foreman	positive	foreman
foreman	sadness	foreman
foreman	surprise	foreman
foreman	trust	foreman
imaginary	anger	imaginario
imaginary	anticipation	imaginario
imaginary	disgust	imaginario
imaginary	fear	imaginario
imaginary	joy	imaginario
imaginary	negative	imaginario
imaginary	positive	imaginario
imaginary	sadness	revisión
imaginary	surprise	de revisión
imaginary	trust	imaginaria
revision	anger	imaginaria
revision	anticipation	imaginaria
revision	disgust	revisión
revision	fear	de revisión
revision	joy	de revisión
revision	negative	de revisión
revision	positive	revisión
revision	sadness	de revisión
revision	surprise	de revisión
revision	trust	de revisión
ghetto	anger	ghetto
ghetto	anticipation	ghetto
ghetto	disgust	ghetto
ghetto	fear	ghetto
ghetto	joy	ghetto
ghetto	negative	ghetto
ghetto	positive	ghetto
ghetto	sadness	ghetto
ghetto	surprise	ghetto
ghetto	trust	ghetto
homology	anger	homología
homology	anticipation	de homología
homology	disgust	de homología
homology	fear	de homología
homology	joy	homología
homology	negative	de homología
homology	positive	de homología
homology	sadness	de homología
homology	surprise	homología
homology	trust	de homología
gauche	anger	gauche
gauche	anticipation	gauche
gauche	disgust	gauche
gauche	fear	gauche
gauche	joy	gauche
gauche	negative	gauche
gauche	positive	gauche
gauche	sadness	gauche
gauche	surprise	gauche
gauche	trust	gauche
forthcoming	anger	próximo
forthcoming	anticipation	próximo
forthcoming	disgust	próximo
forthcoming	fear	próximo
forthcoming	joy	próximo
forthcoming	negative	próximo
forthcoming	positive	próximo
forthcoming	sadness	próximo
forthcoming	surprise	próximo
forthcoming	trust	próximo
comprehensive	anger	comprensible
comprehensive	anticipation	comprensible
comprehensive	disgust	comprensible
comprehensive	fear	comprensible
comprehensive	joy	comprensible
comprehensive	negative	comprensible
comprehensive	positive	comprensible
comprehensive	sadness	comprensible
comprehensive	surprise	comprensible
comprehensive	trust	comprensible
inefficient	anger	inefficient
inefficient	anticipation	inefficient
inefficient	disgust	inefficient
inefficient	fear	inefficient
inefficient	joy	inefficient
inefficient	negative	inefficient
inefficient	positive	inefficient
inefficient	sadness	inefficient
inefficient	surprise	inefficient
inefficient	trust	inefficient
immense	anger	inmenso
immense	anticipation	inmenso
immense	disgust	inmenso
immense	fear	inmenso
immense	joy	inmenso
immense	negative	inmenso
immense	positive	inmenso
immense	sadness	inmenso
immense	surprise	inmenso
immense	trust	inmenso
pas	anger	pas
pas	anticipation	pas
pas	disgust	pas
pas	fear	pas
pas	joy	pas
pas	negative	pas
pas	positive	pas
pas	sadness	pas
pas	surprise	pas
pas	trust	pas
nightfall	anger	nightfall
nightfall	anticipation	nightfall
nightfall	disgust	nightfall
nightfall	fear	nightfall
nightfall	joy	nightfall
nightfall	negative	nightfall
nightfall	positive	nightfall
nightfall	sadness	nightfall
nightfall	surprise	nightfall
nightfall	trust	nightfall
flaccid	anger	flácido
flaccid	anticipation	flácido
flaccid	disgust	flácido
flaccid	fear	flácido
flaccid	joy	flácido
flaccid	negative	flácido
flaccid	positive	flácido
flaccid	sadness	metafísica
flaccid	surprise	de metafísica
flaccid	trust	flácida
metaphysics	anger	flácida
metaphysics	anticipation	flácida
metaphysics	disgust	metafísica
metaphysics	fear	de metafísica
metaphysics	joy	de metafísica
metaphysics	negative	de metafísica
metaphysics	positive	metafísica
metaphysics	sadness	de metafísica
metaphysics	surprise	de metafísica
metaphysics	trust	de metafísica
intolerance	anger	intolerancia
intolerance	anticipation	de intolerancia
intolerance	disgust	de intolerancia
intolerance	fear	de intolerancia
intolerance	joy	intolerancia
intolerance	negative	de intolerancia
intolerance	positive	de intolerancia
intolerance	sadness	de intolerancia
intolerance	surprise	administración
intolerance	trust	de administración
administration	anger	de intolerancia
administration	anticipation	de intolerancia
administration	disgust	administración
administration	fear	de administración
administration	joy	de administración
administration	negative	de administración
administration	positive	administración
administration	sadness	de administración
administration	surprise	de administración
administration	trust	de administración
tyre	anger	neumático
tyre	anticipation	de neumático
tyre	disgust	de neumático
tyre	fear	de neumático
tyre	joy	neumático
tyre	negative	de neumático
tyre	positive	de neumático
tyre	sadness	de neumático
tyre	surprise	escultor
tyre	trust	de escultor
sculptor	anger	de neumático
sculptor	anticipation	de neumático
sculptor	disgust	escultor
sculptor	fear	de escultor
sculptor	joy	de escultor
sculptor	negative	de escultor
sculptor	positive	escultor
sculptor	sadness	de escultor
sculptor	surprise	de escultor
sculptor	trust	de escultor
append	anger	anexa
append	anticipation	anexar
append	disgust	anexar
append	fear	anexar
append	joy	anexar
append	negative	anexar
append	positive	anexar
append	sadness	anexar
append	surprise	anexar
append	trust	anexar
tremor	anger	temblor
tremor	anticipation	de temblor
tremor	disgust	de temblor
tremor	fear	de temblor
tremor	joy	temblor
tremor	negative	de temblor
tremor	positive	de temblor
tremor	sadness	de temblor
tremor	surprise	temblor
tremor	trust	de temblor
confidentially	anger	confidencialmente
confidentially	anticipation	confidencialmente
confidentially	disgust	confidencialmente
confidentially	fear	confidencialmente
confidentially	joy	confidencialmente
confidentially	negative	confidencialmente
confidentially	positive	confidencialmente
confidentially	sadness	confidencialmente
confidentially	surprise	confidencialmente
confidentially	trust	confidencialmente
entrails	anger	entrails
entrails	anticipation	entrails
entrails	disgust	entrails
entrails	fear	entrails
entrails	joy	entrails
entrails	negative	entrails
entrails	positive	entrails
entrails	sadness	entrails
entrails	surprise	entrails
entrails	trust	entrails
haw	anger	haw
haw	anticipation	haw
haw	disgust	haw
haw	fear	haw
haw	joy	haw
haw	negative	haw
haw	positive	haw
haw	sadness	haw
haw	surprise	haw
haw	trust	haw
promising	anger	prometiendo
promising	anticipation	prometedor
promising	disgust	prometedor
promising	fear	prometedor
promising	joy	prometedor
promising	negative	prometedor
promising	positive	prometedor
promising	sadness	rivalidad
promising	surprise	de rivalidad
promising	trust	prometedora
rivalry	anger	prometedora
rivalry	anticipation	prometedora
rivalry	disgust	rivalidad
rivalry	fear	de rivalidad
rivalry	joy	de rivalidad
rivalry	negative	de rivalidad
rivalry	positive	rivalidad
rivalry	sadness	de rivalidad
rivalry	surprise	de rivalidad
rivalry	trust	de rivalidad
antipathy	anger	antipatía
antipathy	anticipation	de antipatía
antipathy	disgust	de antipatía
antipathy	fear	de antipatía
antipathy	joy	antipatía
antipathy	negative	de antipatía
antipathy	positive	de antipatía
antipathy	sadness	de antipatía
antipathy	surprise	humedad
antipathy	trust	de humedad
humidity	anger	de antipatía
humidity	anticipation	de antipatía
humidity	disgust	humedad
humidity	fear	de humedad
humidity	joy	de humedad
humidity	negative	de humedad
humidity	positive	humedad
humidity	sadness	de humedad
humidity	surprise	de humedad
humidity	trust	de humedad
roughly	anger	aproximadamente
roughly	anticipation	aproximadamente
roughly	disgust	aproximadamente
roughly	fear	aproximadamente
roughly	joy	aproximadamente
roughly	negative	aproximadamente
roughly	positive	aproximadamente
roughly	sadness	aproximadamente
roughly	surprise	aproximadamente
roughly	trust	aproximadamente
breakers	anger	rompientes
breakers	anticipation	de rompientes
breakers	disgust	de rompientes
breakers	fear	de rompientes
breakers	joy	rompientes
breakers	negative	de rompientes
breakers	positive	de rompientes
breakers	sadness	de rompientes
breakers	surprise	radio
breakers	trust	de radio
radius	anger	de rompientes
radius	anticipation	de rompientes
radius	disgust	radio
radius	fear	de radio
radius	joy	de radio
radius	negative	de radio
radius	positive	radio
radius	sadness	de radio
radius	surprise	de radio
radius	trust	de radio
brainstorm	anger	brainstorm
brainstorm	anticipation	brainstorm
brainstorm	disgust	brainstorm
brainstorm	fear	brainstorm
brainstorm	joy	brainstorm
brainstorm	negative	brainstorm
brainstorm	positive	brainstorm
brainstorm	sadness	brainstorm
brainstorm	surprise	brainstorm
brainstorm	trust	brainstorm
crowded	anger	llenó
crowded	anticipation	llenado
crowded	disgust	llenó
crowded	fear	llenado
crowded	joy	llenó
crowded	negative	llenado
crowded	positive	llenó
crowded	sadness	llenado
crowded	surprise	llenó
crowded	trust	llenado
burlesque	anger	burlesque
burlesque	anticipation	burlesque
burlesque	disgust	burlesque
burlesque	fear	burlesque
burlesque	joy	burlesque
burlesque	negative	burlesque
burlesque	positive	burlesque
burlesque	sadness	burlesque
burlesque	surprise	burlesque
burlesque	trust	burlesque
point	anger	punto
point	anticipation	de punto
point	disgust	de punto
point	fear	de punto
point	joy	punto
point	negative	de punto
point	positive	de punto
point	sadness	de punto
point	surprise	punto
point	trust	de punto
absentee	anger	ausente
absentee	anticipation	ausente
absentee	disgust	ausente
absentee	fear	ausente
absentee	joy	ausente
absentee	negative	ausente
absentee	positive	ausente
absentee	sadness	ausente
absentee	surprise	ausente
absentee	trust	ausente
dredge	anger	dredge
dredge	anticipation	dredge
dredge	disgust	dredge
dredge	fear	dredge
dredge	joy	dredge
dredge	negative	dredge
dredge	positive	dredge
dredge	sadness	dredge
dredge	surprise	dredge
dredge	trust	dredge
assumed	anger	supuso
assumed	anticipation	supuesto
assumed	disgust	supuso
assumed	fear	supuesto
assumed	joy	supuso
assumed	negative	supuesto
assumed	positive	supuso
assumed	sadness	supuesto
assumed	surprise	supuso
assumed	trust	rendimiento
performance	anger	de rendimiento
performance	anticipation	de rendimiento
performance	disgust	supuesto
performance	fear	rendimiento
performance	joy	de rendimiento
performance	negative	de rendimiento
performance	positive	de rendimiento
performance	sadness	lamento
performance	surprise	de rendimiento
performance	trust	de rendimiento
wail	anger	de rendimiento
wail	anticipation	lamento
wail	disgust	de lamento
wail	fear	de lamento
wail	joy	de lamento
wail	negative	lamento
wail	positive	de lamento
wail	sadness	de lamento
wail	surprise	de lamento
wail	trust	cólico
colic	anger	de cólico
colic	anticipation	de cólico
colic	disgust	de lamento
colic	fear	cólico
colic	joy	de cólico
colic	negative	de cólico
colic	positive	de cólico
colic	sadness	cólico
colic	surprise	de cólico
colic	trust	del cólico
disused	anger	abandonado
disused	anticipation	abandonado
disused	disgust	abandonado
disused	fear	abandonado
disused	joy	abandonado
disused	negative	abandonado
disused	positive	abandonado
disused	sadness	abandonado
disused	surprise	abandonado
disused	trust	abandonado
flaky	anger	escamoso
flaky	anticipation	escamoso
flaky	disgust	escamoso
flaky	fear	escamoso
flaky	joy	escamoso
flaky	negative	escamoso
flaky	positive	escamoso
flaky	sadness	escamoso
flaky	surprise	escamoso
flaky	trust	escamoso
strategic	anger	estratégico
strategic	anticipation	estratégico
strategic	disgust	estratégico
strategic	fear	estratégico
strategic	joy	estratégico
strategic	negative	estratégico
strategic	positive	estratégico
strategic	sadness	estratégico
strategic	surprise	estratégico
strategic	trust	estratégico
madame	anger	madame
madame	anticipation	madame
madame	disgust	madame
madame	fear	madame
madame	joy	madame
madame	negative	madame
madame	positive	madame
madame	sadness	madame
madame	surprise	madame
madame	trust	madame
forehead	anger	frente
forehead	anticipation	de frente
forehead	disgust	de frente
forehead	fear	de frente
forehead	joy	frente
forehead	negative	de frente
forehead	positive	de frente
forehead	sadness	de frente
forehead	surprise	romanticismo
forehead	trust	de romanticismo
romanticism	anger	de frente
romanticism	anticipation	de frente
romanticism	disgust	romanticismo
romanticism	fear	de romanticismo
romanticism	joy	de romanticismo
romanticism	negative	de romanticismo
romanticism	positive	romanticismo
romanticism	sadness	de romanticismo
romanticism	surprise	de romanticismo
romanticism	trust	de romanticismo
rosy	anger	sonrosado
rosy	anticipation	sonrosado
rosy	disgust	sonrosado
rosy	fear	sonrosado
rosy	joy	sonrosado
rosy	negative	sonrosado
rosy	positive	sonrosado
rosy	sadness	sonrosado
rosy	surprise	sonrosado
rosy	trust	sonrosado
preoccupied	anger	preoccupied
preoccupied	anticipation	preoccupied
preoccupied	disgust	preoccupied
preoccupied	fear	preoccupied
preoccupied	joy	preoccupied
preoccupied	negative	preoccupied
preoccupied	positive	preoccupied
preoccupied	sadness	preoccupied
preoccupied	surprise	preoccupied
preoccupied	trust	preoccupied
overestimate	anger	overestimate
overestimate	anticipation	overestimate
overestimate	disgust	overestimate
overestimate	fear	overestimate
overestimate	joy	overestimate
overestimate	negative	overestimate
overestimate	positive	overestimate
overestimate	sadness	overestimate
overestimate	surprise	overestimate
overestimate	trust	overestimate
verge	anger	verge
verge	anticipation	verge
verge	disgust	verge
verge	fear	verge
verge	joy	verge
verge	negative	verge
verge	positive	verge
verge	sadness	verge
verge	surprise	verge
verge	trust	verge
trap	anger	trampa
trap	anticipation	de trampa
trap	disgust	de trampa
trap	fear	de trampa
trap	joy	trampa
trap	negative	de trampa
trap	positive	de trampa
trap	sadness	de trampa
trap	surprise	insatisfacción
trap	trust	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	anger	de trampa
dissatisfaction	anticipation	de trampa
dissatisfaction	disgust	insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	fear	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	joy	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	negative	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	positive	insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	sadness	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	surprise	de insatisfacción
dissatisfaction	trust	de insatisfacción
indignation	anger	indignación
indignation	anticipation	de indignación
indignation	disgust	de indignación
indignation	fear	de indignación
indignation	joy	indignación
indignation	negative	de indignación
indignation	positive	de indignación
indignation	sadness	de indignación
indignation	surprise	bombilla
indignation	trust	de bombilla
bulb	anger	de indignación
bulb	anticipation	de indignación
bulb	disgust	bombilla
bulb	fear	de bombilla
bulb	joy	de bombilla
bulb	negative	de bombilla
bulb	positive	bombilla
bulb	sadness	de bombilla
bulb	surprise	de bombilla
bulb	trust	de bombilla
proclaim	anger	proclama
proclaim	anticipation	proclamar
proclaim	disgust	proclamar
proclaim	fear	proclamar
proclaim	joy	proclamar
proclaim	negative	proclamar
proclaim	positive	proclamar
proclaim	sadness	proclamar
proclaim	surprise	proclamar
proclaim	trust	proclamar
shellfish	anger	shellfish
shellfish	anticipation	shellfish
shellfish	disgust	shellfish
shellfish	fear	shellfish
shellfish	joy	shellfish
shellfish	negative	shellfish
shellfish	positive	shellfish
shellfish	sadness	shellfish
shellfish	surprise	shellfish
shellfish	trust	shellfish
unconstitutional	anger	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	anticipation	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	disgust	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	fear	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	joy	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	negative	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	positive	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	sadness	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	surprise	anticonstitucional
unconstitutional	trust	anticonstitucional
easygoing	anger	easygoing
easygoing	anticipation	easygoing
easygoing	disgust	easygoing
easygoing	fear	easygoing
easygoing	joy	easygoing
easygoing	negative	easygoing
easygoing	positive	easygoing
easygoing	sadness	easygoing
easygoing	surprise	easygoing
easygoing	trust	easygoing
twin	anger	gemelo
twin	anticipation	de gemelo
twin	disgust	de gemelo
twin	fear	de gemelo
twin	joy	gemelo
twin	negative	de gemelo
twin	positive	de gemelo
twin	sadness	de gemelo
twin	surprise	atracción
twin	trust	de atracción
pull	anger	de gemelo
pull	anticipation	de gemelo
pull	disgust	atracción
pull	fear	de atracción
pull	joy	de atracción
pull	negative	de atracción
pull	positive	atracción
pull	sadness	de atracción
pull	surprise	de atracción
pull	trust	de atracción que
degrading	anger	degrada
degrading	anticipation	degradando
degrading	disgust	degradando
degrading	fear	degradando
degrading	joy	degradando
degrading	negative	degradando
degrading	positive	degradando
degrading	sadness	degradando
degrading	surprise	degradando
degrading	trust	degradando
hopelessness	anger	hopelessness
hopelessness	anticipation	hopelessness
hopelessness	disgust	hopelessness
hopelessness	fear	hopelessness
hopelessness	joy	hopelessness
hopelessness	negative	hopelessness
hopelessness	positive	hopelessness
hopelessness	sadness	hopelessness
hopelessness	surprise	hopelessness
hopelessness	trust	hopelessness
expectation	anger	expectativa
expectation	anticipation	de expectativa
expectation	disgust	de expectativa
expectation	fear	de expectativa
expectation	joy	expectativa
expectation	negative	de expectativa
expectation	positive	de expectativa
expectation	sadness	de expectativa
expectation	surprise	expectativa
expectation	trust	de expectativa
small	anger	pequeña
small	anticipation	pequeño
small	disgust	pequeño
small	fear	pequeño
small	joy	pequeño
small	negative	pequeño
small	positive	pequeño
small	sadness	subordinación
small	surprise	de subordinación
small	trust	pequeña
subordination	anger	pequeña
subordination	anticipation	pequeña
subordination	disgust	subordinación
subordination	fear	de subordinación
subordination	joy	de subordinación
subordination	negative	de subordinación
subordination	positive	subordinación
subordination	sadness	de subordinación
subordination	surprise	de subordinación
subordination	trust	de subordinación
spar	anger	spar
spar	anticipation	spar
spar	disgust	spar
spar	fear	spar
spar	joy	spar
spar	negative	spar
spar	positive	spar
spar	sadness	spar
spar	surprise	spar
spar	trust	spar
gait	anger	gait
gait	anticipation	gait
gait	disgust	gait
gait	fear	gait
gait	joy	gait
gait	negative	gait
gait	positive	gait
gait	sadness	gait
gait	surprise	gait
gait	trust	gait
clumsy	anger	torpe
clumsy	anticipation	torpe
clumsy	disgust	torpe
clumsy	fear	torpe
clumsy	joy	torpe
clumsy	negative	torpe
clumsy	positive	torpe
clumsy	sadness	torpe
clumsy	surprise	torpe
clumsy	trust	torpe
spinal	anger	espinal
spinal	anticipation	espinal
spinal	disgust	espinal
spinal	fear	espinal
spinal	joy	espinal
spinal	negative	espinal
spinal	positive	espinal
spinal	sadness	especulación
spinal	surprise	de especulación
spinal	trust	espinal
speculation	anger	espinal
speculation	anticipation	espinal
speculation	disgust	especulación
speculation	fear	de especulación
speculation	joy	de especulación
speculation	negative	de especulación
speculation	positive	especulación
speculation	sadness	de especulación
speculation	surprise	de especulación
speculation	trust	de especulación
pretext	anger	pretexto
pretext	anticipation	de pretexto
pretext	disgust	de pretexto
pretext	fear	de pretexto
pretext	joy	pretexto
pretext	negative	de pretexto
pretext	positive	de pretexto
pretext	sadness	de pretexto
pretext	surprise	pretexto
pretext	trust	de pretexto
briefly	anger	brevemente
briefly	anticipation	brevemente
briefly	disgust	brevemente
briefly	fear	brevemente
briefly	joy	brevemente
briefly	negative	brevemente
briefly	positive	brevemente
briefly	sadness	brevemente
briefly	surprise	brevemente
briefly	trust	brevemente
booty	anger	botín
booty	anticipation	de botín
booty	disgust	de botín
booty	fear	de botín
booty	joy	botín
booty	negative	de botín
booty	positive	de botín
booty	sadness	de botín
booty	surprise	amplitud
booty	trust	de amplitud
amplitude	anger	de botín
amplitude	anticipation	de botín
amplitude	disgust	amplitud
amplitude	fear	de amplitud
amplitude	joy	de amplitud
amplitude	negative	de amplitud
amplitude	positive	amplitud
amplitude	sadness	de amplitud
amplitude	surprise	de amplitud
amplitude	trust	de amplitud
conviction	anger	condena
conviction	anticipation	de condena
conviction	disgust	de condena
conviction	fear	de condena
conviction	joy	condena
conviction	negative	de condena
conviction	positive	de condena
conviction	sadness	de condena
conviction	surprise	condena
conviction	trust	de condena
pursuance	anger	pursuance
pursuance	anticipation	pursuance
pursuance	disgust	pursuance
pursuance	fear	pursuance
pursuance	joy	pursuance
pursuance	negative	pursuance
pursuance	positive	pursuance
pursuance	sadness	pursuance
pursuance	surprise	pursuance
pursuance	trust	pursuance
inquiring	anger	inquiring
inquiring	anticipation	inquiring
inquiring	disgust	inquiring
inquiring	fear	inquiring
inquiring	joy	inquiring
inquiring	negative	inquiring
inquiring	positive	inquiring
inquiring	sadness	inquiring
inquiring	surprise	inquiring
inquiring	trust	inquiring
shuffle	anger	shuffle
shuffle	anticipation	shuffle
shuffle	disgust	shuffle
shuffle	fear	shuffle
shuffle	joy	shuffle
shuffle	negative	shuffle
shuffle	positive	shuffle
shuffle	sadness	shuffle
shuffle	surprise	shuffle
shuffle	trust	shuffle
prodigy	anger	prodigy
prodigy	anticipation	prodigy
prodigy	disgust	prodigy
prodigy	fear	prodigy
prodigy	joy	prodigy
prodigy	negative	prodigy
prodigy	positive	prodigy
prodigy	sadness	prodigy
prodigy	surprise	prodigy
prodigy	trust	prodigy
visible	anger	visible
visible	anticipation	visible
visible	disgust	visible
visible	fear	visible
visible	joy	visible
visible	negative	visible
visible	positive	visible
visible	sadness	visible
visible	surprise	visible
visible	trust	visible
bookworm	anger	bookworm
bookworm	anticipation	bookworm
bookworm	disgust	bookworm
bookworm	fear	bookworm
bookworm	joy	bookworm
bookworm	negative	bookworm
bookworm	positive	bookworm
bookworm	sadness	bookworm
bookworm	surprise	bookworm
bookworm	trust	bookworm
sandal	anger	sándalo
sandal	anticipation	de sándalo
sandal	disgust	de sándalo
sandal	fear	de sándalo
sandal	joy	sándalo
sandal	negative	de sándalo
sandal	positive	de sándalo
sandal	sadness	de sándalo
sandal	surprise	minero
sandal	trust	de minero
miner	anger	de sándalo
miner	anticipation	de sándalo
miner	disgust	minero
miner	fear	de minero
miner	joy	de minero
miner	negative	de minero
miner	positive	minero
miner	sadness	de minero
miner	surprise	de minero
miner	trust	de minero
tor	anger	tor
tor	anticipation	tor
tor	disgust	tor
tor	fear	tor
tor	joy	tor
tor	negative	tor
tor	positive	tor
tor	sadness	tor
tor	surprise	tor
tor	trust	tor
fancy	anger	elegante
fancy	anticipation	elegante
fancy	disgust	elegante
fancy	fear	elegante
fancy	joy	elegante
fancy	negative	elegante
fancy	positive	elegante
fancy	sadness	extremidad
fancy	surprise	de extremidad
fancy	trust	elegante
extremity	anger	elegante
extremity	anticipation	elegante
extremity	disgust	extremidad
extremity	fear	de extremidad
extremity	joy	de extremidad
extremity	negative	de extremidad
extremity	positive	extremidad
extremity	sadness	de extremidad
extremity	surprise	de extremidad
extremity	trust	de extremidad
glide	anger	desliza
glide	anticipation	deslizar
glide	disgust	deslizar
glide	fear	deslizar
glide	joy	deslizar
glide	negative	deslizar
glide	positive	deslizar
glide	sadness	deslizar
glide	surprise	deslizar
glide	trust	deslizar
click	anger	clic
click	anticipation	de clic
click	disgust	de clic
click	fear	de clic
click	joy	clic
click	negative	de clic
click	positive	de clic
click	sadness	de clic
click	surprise	salsa
click	trust	de salsa
sauce	anger	de clic
sauce	anticipation	de clic
sauce	disgust	salsa
sauce	fear	de salsa
sauce	joy	de salsa
sauce	negative	de salsa
sauce	positive	salsa
sauce	sadness	de salsa
sauce	surprise	de salsa
sauce	trust	de salsa
otto	anger	otto
otto	anticipation	otto
otto	disgust	otto
otto	fear	otto
otto	joy	otto
otto	negative	otto
otto	positive	otto
otto	sadness	otto
otto	surprise	otto
otto	trust	otto
game	anger	juego
game	anticipation	de juego
game	disgust	de juego
game	fear	de juego
game	joy	juego
game	negative	de juego
game	positive	de juego
game	sadness	de juego
game	surprise	lectura
game	trust	de lectura
reading	anger	de juego
reading	anticipation	de juego
reading	disgust	lectura
reading	fear	de lectura
reading	joy	de lectura
reading	negative	de lectura
reading	positive	lectura
reading	sadness	de lectura
reading	surprise	de lectura
reading	trust	de lectura
scripture	anger	scripture
scripture	anticipation	scripture
scripture	disgust	scripture
scripture	fear	scripture
scripture	joy	scripture
scripture	negative	scripture
scripture	positive	scripture
scripture	sadness	scripture
scripture	surprise	scripture
scripture	trust	scripture
illiterate	anger	analfabeto
illiterate	anticipation	analfabeto
illiterate	disgust	analfabeto
illiterate	fear	analfabeto
illiterate	joy	analfabeto
illiterate	negative	analfabeto
illiterate	positive	analfabeto
illiterate	sadness	éter
illiterate	surprise	de éter
illiterate	trust	analfabeto
ether	anger	analfabeto
ether	anticipation	analfabeto
ether	disgust	éter
ether	fear	de éter
ether	joy	de éter
ether	negative	de éter
ether	positive	éter
ether	sadness	de éter
ether	surprise	de éter
ether	trust	de éter
lull	anger	lull
lull	anticipation	lull
lull	disgust	lull
lull	fear	lull
lull	joy	lull
lull	negative	lull
lull	positive	lull
lull	sadness	lull
lull	surprise	lull
lull	trust	lull
belongings	anger	pertenencias
belongings	anticipation	de pertenencias
belongings	disgust	de pertenencias
belongings	fear	de pertenencias
belongings	joy	pertenencias
belongings	negative	de pertenencias
belongings	positive	de pertenencias
belongings	sadness	de pertenencias
belongings	surprise	pertenencias
belongings	trust	de pertenencias
rebel	anger	se rebelan
rebel	anticipation	rebelarse
rebel	disgust	rebelarse
rebel	fear	rebelarse
rebel	joy	rebelarse
rebel	negative	rebelarse
rebel	positive	rebelarse
rebel	sadness	rebelarse
rebel	surprise	rebelarse
rebel	trust	rebelarse
disband	anger	disband
disband	anticipation	disband
disband	disgust	disband
disband	fear	disband
disband	joy	disband
disband	negative	disband
disband	positive	disband
disband	sadness	disband
disband	surprise	disband
disband	trust	disband
vice	anger	vicio
vice	anticipation	de vicio
vice	disgust	de vicio
vice	fear	de vicio
vice	joy	vicio
vice	negative	de vicio
vice	positive	de vicio
vice	sadness	de vicio
vice	surprise	vicio
vice	trust	de vicio
vaulting	anger	vaulting
vaulting	anticipation	vaulting
vaulting	disgust	vaulting
vaulting	fear	vaulting
vaulting	joy	vaulting
vaulting	negative	vaulting
vaulting	positive	vaulting
vaulting	sadness	vaulting
vaulting	surprise	vaulting
vaulting	trust	vaulting
repeated	anger	repitió
repeated	anticipation	repetido
repeated	disgust	repitió
repeated	fear	repetido
repeated	joy	repitió
repeated	negative	repetido
repeated	positive	repitió
repeated	sadness	repetido
repeated	surprise	repitió
repeated	trust	repetido
galore	anger	galore
galore	anticipation	galore
galore	disgust	galore
galore	fear	galore
galore	joy	galore
galore	negative	galore
galore	positive	galore
galore	sadness	galore
galore	surprise	galore
galore	trust	galore
forbearance	anger	forbearance
forbearance	anticipation	forbearance
forbearance	disgust	forbearance
forbearance	fear	forbearance
forbearance	joy	forbearance
forbearance	negative	forbearance
forbearance	positive	forbearance
forbearance	sadness	forbearance
forbearance	surprise	forbearance
forbearance	trust	forbearance
gainful	anger	gainful
gainful	anticipation	gainful
gainful	disgust	gainful
gainful	fear	gainful
gainful	joy	gainful
gainful	negative	gainful
gainful	positive	gainful
gainful	sadness	gainful
gainful	surprise	gainful
gainful	trust	gainful
siren	anger	siren
siren	anticipation	siren
siren	disgust	siren
siren	fear	siren
siren	joy	siren
siren	negative	siren
siren	positive	siren
siren	sadness	siren
siren	surprise	siren
siren	trust	siren
hectares	anger	hectáreas
hectares	anticipation	de hectáreas
hectares	disgust	de hectáreas
hectares	fear	de hectáreas
hectares	joy	hectáreas
hectares	negative	de hectáreas
hectares	positive	de hectáreas
hectares	sadness	de hectáreas
hectares	surprise	hectáreas
hectares	trust	de hectáreas
pup	anger	pup
pup	anticipation	pup
pup	disgust	pup
pup	fear	pup
pup	joy	pup
pup	negative	pup
pup	positive	pup
pup	sadness	pup
pup	surprise	pup
pup	trust	pup
glow	anger	fulgor
glow	anticipation	de fulgor
glow	disgust	de fulgor
glow	fear	de fulgor
glow	joy	fulgor
glow	negative	de fulgor
glow	positive	de fulgor
glow	sadness	de fulgor
glow	surprise	docena
glow	trust	de docena
dozen	anger	de fulgor
dozen	anticipation	de fulgor
dozen	disgust	docena
dozen	fear	de docena
dozen	joy	de docena
dozen	negative	de docena
dozen	positive	docena
dozen	sadness	de docena
dozen	surprise	de docena
dozen	trust	de docena
sect	anger	secta
sect	anticipation	de secta
sect	disgust	de secta
sect	fear	de secta
sect	joy	secta
sect	negative	de secta
sect	positive	de secta
sect	sadness	de secta
sect	surprise	secta
sect	trust	de secta
invigorate	anger	invigorate
invigorate	anticipation	invigorate
invigorate	disgust	invigorate
invigorate	fear	invigorate
invigorate	joy	invigorate
invigorate	negative	invigorate
invigorate	positive	invigorate
invigorate	sadness	invigorate
invigorate	surprise	invigorate
invigorate	trust	invigorate
fantasy	anger	fantasía
fantasy	anticipation	de fantasía
fantasy	disgust	de fantasía
fantasy	fear	de fantasía
fantasy	joy	fantasía
fantasy	negative	de fantasía
fantasy	positive	de fantasía
fantasy	sadness	de fantasía
fantasy	surprise	fantasía
fantasy	trust	de fantasía
sociable	anger	sociable
sociable	anticipation	sociable
sociable	disgust	sociable
sociable	fear	sociable
sociable	joy	sociable
sociable	negative	sociable
sociable	positive	sociable
sociable	sadness	meollo
sociable	surprise	de meollo
sociable	trust	sociable
marrow	anger	sociable
marrow	anticipation	sociable
marrow	disgust	meollo
marrow	fear	de meollo
marrow	joy	de meollo
marrow	negative	de meollo
marrow	positive	meollo
marrow	sadness	de meollo
marrow	surprise	de meollo
marrow	trust	de meollo
training	anger	formación
training	anticipation	de formación
training	disgust	de formación
training	fear	de formación
training	joy	formación
training	negative	de formación
training	positive	de formación
training	sadness	de formación
training	surprise	la formación que
training	trust	entrena
premises	anger	premisas
premises	anticipation	de premisas
premises	disgust	de premisas
premises	fear	de premisas
premises	joy	premisas
premises	negative	de premisas
premises	positive	de premisas
premises	sadness	de premisas
premises	surprise	premisas
premises	trust	de premisas
chalet	anger	chalet
chalet	anticipation	chalet
chalet	disgust	chalet
chalet	fear	chalet
chalet	joy	chalet
chalet	negative	chalet
chalet	positive	chalet
chalet	sadness	chalet
chalet	surprise	chalet
chalet	trust	chalet
voyage	anger	viaje
voyage	anticipation	de viaje
voyage	disgust	de viaje
voyage	fear	de viaje
voyage	joy	viaje
voyage	negative	de viaje
voyage	positive	de viaje
voyage	sadness	de viaje
voyage	surprise	planta
voyage	trust	de planta
plant	anger	de viaje
plant	anticipation	de viaje
plant	disgust	planta
plant	fear	de planta
plant	joy	de planta
plant	negative	de planta
plant	positive	planta
plant	sadness	de planta
plant	surprise	de planta
plant	trust	de planta
polymer	anger	polímero
polymer	anticipation	de polímero
polymer	disgust	de polímero
polymer	fear	de polímero
polymer	joy	polímero
polymer	negative	de polímero
polymer	positive	de polímero
polymer	sadness	de polímero
polymer	surprise	ferrocarril
polymer	trust	de ferrocarril
railway	anger	de polímero
railway	anticipation	de polímero
railway	disgust	ferrocarril
railway	fear	de ferrocarril
railway	joy	de ferrocarril
railway	negative	de ferrocarril
railway	positive	ferrocarril
railway	sadness	de ferrocarril
railway	surprise	de ferrocarril
railway	trust	de ferrocarril
classic	anger	clásico
classic	anticipation	clásico
classic	disgust	clásico
classic	fear	clásico
classic	joy	clásico
classic	negative	clásico
classic	positive	clásico
classic	sadness	extensión
classic	surprise	de extensión
classic	trust	clásica
extension	anger	clásica
extension	anticipation	clásica
extension	disgust	extensión
extension	fear	de extensión
extension	joy	de extensión
extension	negative	de extensión
extension	positive	extensión
extension	sadness	de extensión
extension	surprise	de extensión
extension	trust	de extensión
downfall	anger	downfall
downfall	anticipation	downfall
downfall	disgust	downfall
downfall	fear	downfall
downfall	joy	downfall
downfall	negative	downfall
downfall	positive	downfall
downfall	sadness	downfall
downfall	surprise	downfall
downfall	trust	downfall
liquidator	anger	liquidator
liquidator	anticipation	liquidator
liquidator	disgust	liquidator
liquidator	fear	liquidator
liquidator	joy	liquidator
liquidator	negative	liquidator
liquidator	positive	liquidator
liquidator	sadness	liquidator
liquidator	surprise	liquidator
liquidator	trust	liquidator
oatmeal	anger	oatmeal
oatmeal	anticipation	oatmeal
oatmeal	disgust	oatmeal
oatmeal	fear	oatmeal
oatmeal	joy	oatmeal
oatmeal	negative	oatmeal
oatmeal	positive	oatmeal
oatmeal	sadness	oatmeal
oatmeal	surprise	oatmeal
oatmeal	trust	oatmeal
aver	anger	aver
aver	anticipation	aver
aver	disgust	aver
aver	fear	aver
aver	joy	aver
aver	negative	aver
aver	positive	aver
aver	sadness	aver
aver	surprise	aver
aver	trust	aver
alphabetical	anger	alfabético
alphabetical	anticipation	alfabético
alphabetical	disgust	alfabético
alphabetical	fear	alfabético
alphabetical	joy	alfabético
alphabetical	negative	alfabético
alphabetical	positive	alfabético
alphabetical	sadness	alfabético
alphabetical	surprise	alfabético
alphabetical	trust	alfabético
worrying	anger	preocupándose
worrying	anticipation	preocupándose
worrying	disgust	preocupándose
worrying	fear	preocupándose
worrying	joy	preocupándose
worrying	negative	preocupándose
worrying	positive	preocupándose
worrying	sadness	preocupándose
worrying	surprise	preocupándose
worrying	trust	preocupándose
sixth	anger	sexto
sixth	anticipation	sexto
sixth	disgust	sexto
sixth	fear	sexto
sixth	joy	sexto
sixth	negative	sexto
sixth	positive	sexto
sixth	sadness	sexto
sixth	surprise	sexta
sixth	trust	sexta
modification	anger	modificación
modification	anticipation	de modificación
modification	disgust	modificación
modification	fear	de modificación
modification	joy	de modificación
modification	negative	de modificación
modification	positive	modificación
modification	sadness	de modificación
modification	surprise	de modificación
modification	trust	de modificación
sensational	anger	sensational
sensational	anticipation	sensational
sensational	disgust	sensational
sensational	fear	sensational
sensational	joy	sensational
sensational	negative	sensational
sensational	positive	sensational
sensational	sadness	sensational
sensational	surprise	sensational
sensational	trust	sensational
sleet	anger	aguanieve
sleet	anticipation	de aguanieve
sleet	disgust	de aguanieve
sleet	fear	de aguanieve
sleet	joy	aguanieve
sleet	negative	de aguanieve
sleet	positive	de aguanieve
sleet	sadness	de aguanieve
sleet	surprise	aguanieve
sleet	trust	de aguanieve
revert	anger	revert
revert	anticipation	revert
revert	disgust	revert
revert	fear	revert
revert	joy	revert
revert	negative	revert
revert	positive	revert
revert	sadness	revert
revert	surprise	revert
revert	trust	revert
cradle	anger	cuna
cradle	anticipation	de cuna
cradle	disgust	de cuna
cradle	fear	de cuna
cradle	joy	cuna
cradle	negative	de cuna
cradle	positive	de cuna
cradle	sadness	de cuna
cradle	surprise	voltímetro
cradle	trust	de voltímetro
voltmeter	anger	de cuna
voltmeter	anticipation	de cuna
voltmeter	disgust	voltímetro
voltmeter	fear	de voltímetro
voltmeter	joy	de voltímetro
voltmeter	negative	de voltímetro
voltmeter	positive	voltímetro
voltmeter	sadness	de voltímetro
voltmeter	surprise	de voltímetro
voltmeter	trust	de voltímetro
refrigerator	anger	nevera
refrigerator	anticipation	de nevera
refrigerator	disgust	de nevera
refrigerator	fear	de nevera
refrigerator	joy	nevera
refrigerator	negative	de nevera
refrigerator	positive	de nevera
refrigerator	sadness	de nevera
refrigerator	surprise	nevera
refrigerator	trust	de nevera
invoke	anger	invoca
invoke	anticipation	invocar
invoke	disgust	invocar
invoke	fear	invocar
invoke	joy	invocar
invoke	negative	invocar
invoke	positive	invocar
invoke	sadness	invocar
invoke	surprise	invocar
invoke	trust	invocar
await	anger	aguardar
await	anticipation	aguardar
await	disgust	aguardar
await	fear	aguardar
await	joy	aguardar
await	negative	aguardar
await	positive	aguardar
await	sadness	aguardar
await	surprise	aguardar
await	trust	aguardar
eccentric	anger	excéntrico
eccentric	anticipation	excéntrico
eccentric	disgust	excéntrico
eccentric	fear	excéntrico
eccentric	joy	excéntrico
eccentric	negative	excéntrico
eccentric	positive	excéntrico
eccentric	sadness	fluctuación
eccentric	surprise	de fluctuación
eccentric	trust	excéntrica
fluctuation	anger	excéntrica
fluctuation	anticipation	excéntrica
fluctuation	disgust	fluctuación
fluctuation	fear	de fluctuación
fluctuation	joy	de fluctuación
fluctuation	negative	de fluctuación
fluctuation	positive	fluctuación
fluctuation	sadness	de fluctuación
fluctuation	surprise	de fluctuación
fluctuation	trust	de fluctuación
dazed	anger	dazed
dazed	anticipation	dazed
dazed	disgust	dazed
dazed	fear	dazed
dazed	joy	dazed
dazed	negative	dazed
dazed	positive	dazed
dazed	sadness	dazed
dazed	surprise	dazed
dazed	trust	dazed
miscellany	anger	miscellany
miscellany	anticipation	miscellany
miscellany	disgust	miscellany
miscellany	fear	miscellany
miscellany	joy	miscellany
miscellany	negative	miscellany
miscellany	positive	miscellany
miscellany	sadness	miscellany
miscellany	surprise	miscellany
miscellany	trust	miscellany
baggy	anger	baggy
baggy	anticipation	
baggy	disgust	baggy
baggy	fear	baggy
baggy	joy	baggy
baggy	negative	baggy
baggy	positive	baggy
baggy	sadness	baggy
baggy	surprise	baggy
baggy	trust	baggy
mold	anger	baggy
mold	anticipation	molde de molde
mold	disgust	de molde
mold	fear	de molde
mold	joy	molde
mold	negative	de molde
mold	positive	de molde
mold	sadness	de molde
mold	surprise	mallas
mold	trust	de molde
meshes	anger	del molde
meshes	anticipation	engrana
meshes	disgust	las mallas
meshes	fear	engrana
meshes	joy	las mallas
meshes	negative	engrana
meshes	positive	las mallas
meshes	sadness	engrana
meshes	surprise	las mallas
meshes	trust	engrana
divorce	anger	divorcio
divorce	anticipation	de divorcio
divorce	disgust	de divorcio
divorce	fear	de divorcio
divorce	joy	divorcio
divorce	negative	de divorcio
divorce	positive	de divorcio
divorce	sadness	de divorcio
divorce	surprise	divorcio
divorce	trust	de divorcio
incest	anger	incest
incest	anticipation	incest
incest	disgust	incest
incest	fear	incest
incest	joy	incest
incest	negative	incest
incest	positive	incest
incest	sadness	incest
incest	surprise	incest
incest	trust	incest
truncated	anger	truncó
truncated	anticipation	truncado
truncated	disgust	truncó
truncated	fear	truncado
truncated	joy	truncó
truncated	negative	truncado
truncated	positive	truncó
truncated	sadness	truncado
truncated	surprise	truncó
truncated	trust	truncado
floral	anger	floral
floral	anticipation	floral
floral	disgust	floral
floral	fear	floral
floral	joy	floral
floral	negative	floral
floral	positive	floral
floral	sadness	floral
floral	surprise	floral
floral	trust	floral
relegation	anger	relegation
relegation	anticipation	relegation
relegation	disgust	relegation
relegation	fear	relegation
relegation	joy	relegation
relegation	negative	relegation
relegation	positive	relegation
relegation	sadness	relegation
relegation	surprise	relegation
relegation	trust	relegation
nucleus	anger	núcleo
nucleus	anticipation	de núcleo
nucleus	disgust	de núcleo
nucleus	fear	de núcleo
nucleus	joy	núcleo
nucleus	negative	de núcleo
nucleus	positive	de núcleo
nucleus	sadness	de núcleo
nucleus	surprise	ubicuidad
nucleus	trust	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	anger	de núcleo
ubiquity	anticipation	de núcleo
ubiquity	disgust	ubicuidad
ubiquity	fear	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	joy	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	negative	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	positive	ubicuidad
ubiquity	sadness	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	surprise	de ubicuidad
ubiquity	trust	de ubicuidad
trot	anger	trote
trot	anticipation	de trote
trot	disgust	de trote
trot	fear	de trote
trot	joy	trote
trot	negative	de trote
trot	positive	de trote
trot	sadness	de trote
trot	surprise	marfil
trot	trust	de marfil
ivory	anger	de trote
ivory	anticipation	de trote
ivory	disgust	marfil
ivory	fear	de marfil
ivory	joy	de marfil
ivory	negative	de marfil
ivory	positive	marfil
ivory	sadness	de marfil
ivory	surprise	de marfil
ivory	trust	de marfil
fiddle	anger	fiddle
fiddle	anticipation	fiddle
fiddle	disgust	fiddle
fiddle	fear	fiddle
fiddle	joy	fiddle
fiddle	negative	fiddle
fiddle	positive	fiddle
fiddle	sadness	fiddle
fiddle	surprise	fiddle
fiddle	trust	fiddle
constancy	anger	constancy
constancy	anticipation	constancy
constancy	disgust	constancy
constancy	fear	constancy
constancy	joy	constancy
constancy	negative	constancy
constancy	positive	constancy
constancy	sadness	constancy
constancy	surprise	constancy
constancy	trust	constancy
schizophrenia	anger	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	anticipation	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	disgust	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	fear	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	joy	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	negative	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	positive	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	sadness	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	surprise	schizophrenia
schizophrenia	trust	schizophrenia
cog	anger	cog
cog	anticipation	cog
cog	disgust	cog
cog	fear	cog
cog	joy	cog
cog	negative	cog
cog	positive	cog
cog	sadness	cog
cog	surprise	cog
cog	trust	cog
minute	anger	minuto
minute	anticipation	de minuto
minute	disgust	de minuto
minute	fear	de minuto
minute	joy	minuto
minute	negative	de minuto
minute	positive	de minuto
minute	sadness	de minuto
minute	surprise	minuto
minute	trust	de minuto
inhabit	anger	habita
inhabit	anticipation	habitar
inhabit	disgust	habitar
inhabit	fear	habitar
inhabit	joy	habitar
inhabit	negative	habitar
inhabit	positive	habitar
inhabit	sadness	habitar
inhabit	surprise	habitar
inhabit	trust	habitar
gaming	anger	gaming
gaming	anticipation	gaming
gaming	disgust	gaming
gaming	fear	gaming
gaming	joy	gaming
gaming	negative	gaming
gaming	positive	gaming
gaming	sadness	gaming
gaming	surprise	gaming
gaming	trust	gaming
settler	anger	settler
settler	anticipation	settler
settler	disgust	settler
settler	fear	settler
settler	joy	settler
settler	negative	settler
settler	positive	settler
settler	sadness	settler
settler	surprise	settler
settler	trust	settler
parish	anger	parroquial
parish	anticipation	parroquial
parish	disgust	parroquial
parish	fear	parroquial
parish	joy	parroquial
parish	negative	parroquial
parish	positive	parroquia
parish	sadness	parroquial
parish	surprise	parroquial
parish	trust	parroquial
fluffy	anger	fluffy
fluffy	anticipation	fluffy
fluffy	disgust	fluffy
fluffy	fear	fluffy
fluffy	joy	fluffy
fluffy	negative	fluffy
fluffy	positive	fluffy
fluffy	sadness	fluffy
fluffy	surprise	fluffy
fluffy	trust	fluffy
ottoman	anger	ottoman
ottoman	anticipation	ottoman
ottoman	disgust	ottoman
ottoman	fear	ottoman
ottoman	joy	ottoman
ottoman	negative	ottoman
ottoman	positive	ottoman
ottoman	sadness	ottoman
ottoman	surprise	ottoman
ottoman	trust	ottoman
unspeakable	anger	unspeakable
unspeakable	anticipation	unspeakable
unspeakable	disgust	unspeakable
unspeakable	fear	unspeakable
unspeakable	joy	unspeakable
unspeakable	negative	unspeakable
unspeakable	positive	unspeakable
unspeakable	sadness	unspeakable
unspeakable	surprise	unspeakable
unspeakable	trust	unspeakable
cheetah	anger	cheetah
cheetah	anticipation	cheetah
cheetah	disgust	cheetah
cheetah	fear	cheetah
cheetah	joy	cheetah
cheetah	negative	cheetah
cheetah	positive	cheetah
cheetah	sadness	cheetah
cheetah	surprise	cheetah
cheetah	trust	cheetah
bullet	anger	bala
bullet	anticipation	de bala
bullet	disgust	de bala
bullet	fear	de bala
bullet	joy	bala
bullet	negative	de bala
bullet	positive	de bala
bullet	sadness	de bala
bullet	surprise	bala
bullet	trust	de bala
salamander	anger	salamander
salamander	anticipation	salamander
salamander	disgust	salamander
salamander	fear	salamander
salamander	joy	salamander
salamander	negative	salamander
salamander	positive	salamander
salamander	sadness	salamander
salamander	surprise	salamander
salamander	trust	salamander
presumptuous	anger	presuntuoso
presumptuous	anticipation	presuntuoso
presumptuous	disgust	presuntuoso
presumptuous	fear	presuntuoso
presumptuous	joy	presuntuoso
presumptuous	negative	presuntuoso
presumptuous	positive	presuntuoso
presumptuous	sadness	presuntuoso
presumptuous	surprise	presuntuoso
presumptuous	trust	presuntuoso
lisp	anger	lisp
lisp	anticipation	lisp
lisp	disgust	lisp
lisp	fear	lisp
lisp	joy	lisp
lisp	negative	lisp
lisp	positive	lisp
lisp	sadness	lisp
lisp	surprise	lisp
lisp	trust	lisp
heroin	anger	heroin
heroin	anticipation	heroin
heroin	disgust	heroin
heroin	fear	heroin
heroin	joy	heroin
heroin	negative	heroin
heroin	positive	heroin
heroin	sadness	heroin
heroin	surprise	heroin
heroin	trust	heroin
unrequited	anger	unrequited
unrequited	anticipation	unrequited
unrequited	disgust	unrequited
unrequited	fear	unrequited
unrequited	joy	unrequited
unrequited	negative	unrequited
unrequited	positive	unrequited
unrequited	sadness	unrequited
unrequited	surprise	unrequited
unrequited	trust	unrequited
frigid	anger	frigid
frigid	anticipation	frigid
frigid	disgust	frigid
frigid	fear	frigid
frigid	joy	frigid
frigid	negative	frigid
frigid	positive	frigid
frigid	sadness	frigid
frigid	surprise	frigid
frigid	trust	frigid
flattery	anger	flattery
flattery	anticipation	flattery
flattery	disgust	flattery
flattery	fear	flattery
flattery	joy	flattery
flattery	negative	flattery
flattery	positive	flattery
flattery	sadness	flattery
flattery	surprise	flattery
flattery	trust	flattery
exacerbate	anger	exacerbar
exacerbate	anticipation	exacerbar
exacerbate	disgust	exacerbar
exacerbate	fear	exacerbar
exacerbate	joy	exacerbar
exacerbate	negative	exacerbar
exacerbate	positive	exacerbar
exacerbate	sadness	exacerbar
exacerbate	surprise	exacerbar
exacerbate	trust	exacerbar
suffer	anger	padecer
suffer	anticipation	padecer
suffer	disgust	padecer
suffer	fear	padecer
suffer	joy	padecer
suffer	negative	padecer
suffer	positive	padecer
suffer	sadness	padecer
suffer	surprise	padecer
suffer	trust	padecer
garrison	anger	garrison
garrison	anticipation	garrison
garrison	disgust	garrison
garrison	fear	garrison
garrison	joy	garrison
garrison	negative	garrison
garrison	positive	garrison
garrison	sadness	garrison
garrison	surprise	garrison
garrison	trust	garrison
finally	anger	finalmente
finally	anticipation	finalmente
finally	disgust	finalmente
finally	fear	finalmente
finally	joy	finalmente
finally	negative	finalmente
finally	positive	finalmente
finally	sadness	finalmente
finally	surprise	finalmente
finally	trust	finalmente
germ	anger	germen
germ	anticipation	de germen
germ	disgust	de germen
germ	fear	de germen
germ	joy	germen
germ	negative	de germen
germ	positive	de germen
germ	sadness	de germen
germ	surprise	germen
germ	trust	de germen
stillborn	anger	nacido muerto
stillborn	anticipation	nacido muerto
stillborn	disgust	nacido muerto
stillborn	fear	nacido muerto
stillborn	joy	nacido muerto
stillborn	negative	nacido muerto
stillborn	positive	nacido muerto
stillborn	sadness	frialdad
stillborn	surprise	de frialdad
stillborn	trust	nacida muerta
coolness	anger	nacida muerta
coolness	anticipation	nacida muerta
coolness	disgust	frialdad
coolness	fear	de frialdad
coolness	joy	de frialdad
coolness	negative	de frialdad
coolness	positive	frialdad
coolness	sadness	de frialdad
coolness	surprise	de frialdad
coolness	trust	de frialdad
lose	anger	pierde
lose	anticipation	perder
lose	disgust	perder
lose	fear	perder
lose	joy	perder
lose	negative	perder
lose	positive	perder
lose	sadness	perder
lose	surprise	perder
lose	trust	perder
spoken	anger	hablado
spoken	anticipation	hablado
spoken	disgust	hablado
spoken	fear	hablado
spoken	joy	hablado
spoken	negative	hablado
spoken	positive	hablado
spoken	sadness	hablado
spoken	surprise	hablado
spoken	trust	hablado
phalanx	anger	phalanx
phalanx	anticipation	phalanx
phalanx	disgust	phalanx
phalanx	fear	phalanx
phalanx	joy	phalanx
phalanx	negative	phalanx
phalanx	positive	phalanx
phalanx	sadness	phalanx
phalanx	surprise	phalanx
phalanx	trust	phalanx
stealthy	anger	stealthy
stealthy	anticipation	stealthy
stealthy	disgust	stealthy
stealthy	fear	stealthy
stealthy	joy	stealthy
stealthy	negative	stealthy
stealthy	positive	stealthy
stealthy	sadness	stealthy
stealthy	surprise	stealthy
stealthy	trust	stealthy
preface	anger	prefacio
preface	anticipation	de prefacio
preface	disgust	de prefacio
preface	fear	de prefacio
preface	joy	prefacio
preface	negative	de prefacio
preface	positive	de prefacio
preface	sadness	de prefacio
preface	surprise	prefacio
preface	trust	de prefacio
rumored	anger	rumored
rumored	anticipation	rumored
rumored	disgust	rumored
rumored	fear	rumored
rumored	joy	rumored
rumored	negative	rumored
rumored	positive	rumored
rumored	sadness	rumored
rumored	surprise	rumored
rumored	trust	rumored
noncompliance	anger	noncompliance
noncompliance	anticipation	noncompliance
noncompliance	disgust	noncompliance
noncompliance	fear	noncompliance
noncompliance	joy	noncompliance
noncompliance	negative	noncompliance
noncompliance	positive	noncompliance
noncompliance	sadness	noncompliance
noncompliance	surprise	noncompliance
noncompliance	trust	noncompliance
meltdown	anger	fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	anticipation	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	disgust	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	fear	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	joy	fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	negative	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	positive	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	sadness	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	surprise	fusión de un reactor nuclear
meltdown	trust	de fusión de un reactor nuclear
camouflaged	anger	camouflaged
camouflaged	anticipation	camouflaged
camouflaged	disgust	camouflaged
camouflaged	fear	camouflaged
camouflaged	joy	camouflaged
camouflaged	negative	camouflaged
camouflaged	positive	camouflaged
camouflaged	sadness	camouflaged
camouflaged	surprise	camouflaged
camouflaged	trust	camouflaged
pause	anger	pausa
pause	anticipation	de pausa
pause	disgust	de pausa
pause	fear	de pausa
pause	joy	pausa
pause	negative	de pausa
pause	positive	de pausa
pause	sadness	de pausa
pause	surprise	pausa
pause	trust	de pausa
milky	anger	lechosa
milky	anticipation	lechoso
milky	disgust	lechoso
milky	fear	lechoso
milky	joy	lechoso
milky	negative	lechoso
milky	positive	lechoso
milky	sadness	lechoso
milky	surprise	lechoso
milky	trust	lechoso
fell	anger	cayó
fell	anticipation	cayó
fell	disgust	cayó
fell	fear	cayó
fell	joy	cayó
fell	negative	cayó
fell	positive	cayó
fell	sadness	cayó
fell	surprise	cayó
fell	trust	cayó
redundant	anger	redundando
redundant	anticipation	redundando
redundant	disgust	redundando
redundant	fear	redundando
redundant	joy	redundando
redundant	negative	redundando
redundant	positive	redundando
redundant	sadness	redundando
redundant	surprise	redundando
redundant	trust	redundando
ponder	anger	ponder
ponder	anticipation	ponder
ponder	disgust	ponder
ponder	fear	ponder
ponder	joy	ponder
ponder	negative	ponder
ponder	positive	ponder
ponder	sadness	ponder
ponder	surprise	ponder
ponder	trust	ponder
meritorious	anger	meritorious
meritorious	anticipation	meritorious
meritorious	disgust	meritorious
meritorious	fear	meritorious
meritorious	joy	meritorious
meritorious	negative	meritorious
meritorious	positive	meritorious
meritorious	sadness	meritorious
meritorious	surprise	meritorious
meritorious	trust	meritorious
rubble	anger	guijarral
rubble	anticipation	de guijarral
rubble	disgust	de guijarral
rubble	fear	de guijarral
rubble	joy	guijarral
rubble	negative	de guijarral
rubble	positive	de guijarral
rubble	sadness	de guijarral
rubble	surprise	cabra
rubble	trust	de cabra
goat	anger	de guijarral
goat	anticipation	de guijarral
goat	disgust	cabra
goat	fear	de cabra
goat	joy	de cabra
goat	negative	de cabra
goat	positive	cabra
goat	sadness	de cabra
goat	surprise	de cabra
goat	trust	de cabra
goatee	anger	goatee
goatee	anticipation	goatee
goatee	disgust	goatee
goatee	fear	goatee
goatee	joy	goatee
goatee	negative	goatee
goatee	positive	goatee
goatee	sadness	goatee
goatee	surprise	goatee
goatee	trust	goatee
slant	anger	slant
slant	anticipation	slant
slant	disgust	slant
slant	fear	slant
slant	joy	slant
slant	negative	slant
slant	positive	slant
slant	sadness	slant
slant	surprise	slant
slant	trust	slant
patio	anger	patio
patio	anticipation	patio
patio	disgust	patio
patio	fear	patio
patio	joy	patio
patio	negative	patio
patio	positive	patio
patio	sadness	patio
patio	surprise	patio
patio	trust	patio
cursed	anger	maldijo
cursed	anticipation	maldecido
cursed	disgust	maldijo
cursed	fear	maldecido
cursed	joy	maldijo
cursed	negative	maldecido
cursed	positive	maldijo
cursed	sadness	maldecido
cursed	surprise	maldijo
cursed	trust	enemigo
enemy	anger	de enemigo
enemy	anticipation	de enemigo
enemy	disgust	maldecido
enemy	fear	enemigo
enemy	joy	de enemigo
enemy	negative	de enemigo
enemy	positive	de enemigo
enemy	sadness	valor
enemy	surprise	de enemigo
enemy	trust	de enemigo
courage	anger	de enemigo
courage	anticipation	valor
courage	disgust	de valor
courage	fear	de valor
courage	joy	de valor
courage	negative	valor
courage	positive	de valor
courage	sadness	de valor
courage	surprise	de valor
courage	trust	valor
sou	anger	sou
sou	anticipation	sou
sou	disgust	sou
sou	fear	sou
sou	joy	sou
sou	negative	sou
sou	positive	sou
sou	sadness	sou
sou	surprise	sou
sou	trust	sou
persisting	anger	persistiendo
persisting	anticipation	persistiendo
persisting	disgust	persistiendo
persisting	fear	persistiendo
persisting	joy	persistiendo
persisting	negative	persistiendo
persisting	positive	persistiendo
persisting	sadness	persistiendo
persisting	surprise	persistiendo
persisting	trust	persistiendo
nestling	anger	nestling
nestling	anticipation	nestling
nestling	disgust	nestling
nestling	fear	nestling
nestling	joy	nestling
nestling	negative	nestling
nestling	positive	nestling
nestling	sadness	nestling
nestling	surprise	nestling
nestling	trust	nestling
brazen	anger	brazen
brazen	anticipation	brazen
brazen	disgust	brazen
brazen	fear	brazen
brazen	joy	brazen
brazen	negative	brazen
brazen	positive	brazen
brazen	sadness	brazen
brazen	surprise	brazen
brazen	trust	brazen
snap	anger	chasquear
snap	anticipation	chasquear
snap	disgust	chasquear
snap	fear	chasquear
snap	joy	chasquear
snap	negative	chasquear
snap	positive	chasquear
snap	sadness	chasquear
snap	surprise	chasquear
snap	trust	chasquear
paraffin	anger	parafina
paraffin	anticipation	de parafina
paraffin	disgust	de parafina
paraffin	fear	de parafina
paraffin	joy	parafina
paraffin	negative	de parafina
paraffin	positive	de parafina
paraffin	sadness	de parafina
paraffin	surprise	parafina
paraffin	trust	de parafina
counterbalance	anger	contrarresta
counterbalance	anticipation	contrarrestar
counterbalance	disgust	contrarrestar
counterbalance	fear	contrarrestar
counterbalance	joy	contrarrestar
counterbalance	negative	contrarrestar
counterbalance	positive	contrarrestar
counterbalance	sadness	contrarrestar
counterbalance	surprise	contrarrestar
counterbalance	trust	contrarrestar
pod	anger	vaina
pod	anticipation	de vaina
pod	disgust	de vaina
pod	fear	de vaina
pod	joy	vaina
pod	negative	de vaina
pod	positive	de vaina
pod	sadness	de vaina
pod	surprise	holocausto
pod	trust	de holocausto
holocaust	anger	de vaina
holocaust	anticipation	de vaina
holocaust	disgust	holocausto
holocaust	fear	de holocausto
holocaust	joy	de holocausto
holocaust	negative	de holocausto
holocaust	positive	holocausto
holocaust	sadness	de holocausto
holocaust	surprise	de holocausto
holocaust	trust	de holocausto
persistent	anger	persistente
persistent	anticipation	persistente
persistent	disgust	persistente
persistent	fear	persistente
persistent	joy	persistente
persistent	negative	persistente
persistent	positive	persistente
persistent	sadness	champán
persistent	surprise	de champán
persistent	trust	persistente
champagne	anger	persistente
champagne	anticipation	persistente
champagne	disgust	champán
champagne	fear	de champán
champagne	joy	de champán
champagne	negative	de champán
champagne	positive	champán
champagne	sadness	de champán
champagne	surprise	de champán
champagne	trust	de champán
treason	anger	traición
treason	anticipation	de traición
treason	disgust	de traición
treason	fear	de traición
treason	joy	traición
treason	negative	de traición
treason	positive	de traición
treason	sadness	de traición
treason	surprise	traición
treason	trust	de traición
squirm	anger	squirm
squirm	anticipation	squirm
squirm	disgust	squirm
squirm	fear	squirm
squirm	joy	squirm
squirm	negative	squirm
squirm	positive	squirm
squirm	sadness	squirm
squirm	surprise	squirm
squirm	trust	squirm
diverting	anger	desviando
diverting	anticipation	desviando
diverting	disgust	desviando
diverting	fear	desviando
diverting	joy	desviando
diverting	negative	desviando
diverting	positive	desviando
diverting	sadness	desviando
diverting	surprise	desviando
diverting	trust	desviando
intersect	anger	cruza
intersect	anticipation	cruzar
intersect	disgust	cruzar
intersect	fear	cruzar
intersect	joy	cruzar
intersect	negative	cruzar
intersect	positive	cruzar
intersect	sadness	cruzar
intersect	surprise	cruzar
intersect	trust	cruzar
granite	anger	granito
granite	anticipation	de granito
granite	disgust	de granito
granite	fear	de granito
granite	joy	granito
granite	negative	de granito
granite	positive	de granito
granite	sadness	de granito
granite	surprise	granito
granite	trust	de granito
upland	anger	upland
upland	anticipation	upland
upland	disgust	upland
upland	fear	upland
upland	joy	upland
upland	negative	upland
upland	positive	upland
upland	sadness	upland
upland	surprise	upland
upland	trust	upland
nugget	anger	nugget
nugget	anticipation	nugget
nugget	disgust	nugget
nugget	fear	nugget
nugget	joy	nugget
nugget	negative	nugget
nugget	positive	nugget
nugget	sadness	nugget
nugget	surprise	nugget
nugget	trust	nugget
knob	anger	knob
knob	anticipation	knob
knob	disgust	knob
knob	fear	knob
knob	joy	knob
knob	negative	knob
knob	positive	knob
knob	sadness	knob
knob	surprise	knob
knob	trust	knob
decreased	anger	decreased
decreased	anticipation	decreased
decreased	disgust	decreased
decreased	fear	decreased
decreased	joy	decreased
decreased	negative	decreased
decreased	positive	decreased
decreased	sadness	decreased
decreased	surprise	decreased
decreased	trust	decreased
toothless	anger	sin dientes
toothless	anticipation	sin dientes
toothless	disgust	sin dientes
toothless	fear	sin dientes
toothless	joy	sin dientes
toothless	negative	sin dientes
toothless	positive	sin dientes
toothless	sadness	sin dientes
toothless	surprise	sin dientes
toothless	trust	sin dientes
successful	anger	exitoso
successful	anticipation	exitoso
successful	disgust	exitoso
successful	fear	exitoso
successful	joy	exitoso
successful	negative	exitoso
successful	positive	exitoso
successful	sadness	exitoso
successful	surprise	exitoso
successful	trust	exitoso
potluck	anger	potluck
potluck	anticipation	potluck
potluck	disgust	potluck
potluck	fear	potluck
potluck	joy	potluck
potluck	negative	potluck
potluck	positive	potluck
potluck	sadness	potluck
potluck	surprise	potluck
potluck	trust	potluck
fog	anger	niebla
fog	anticipation	de niebla
fog	disgust	de niebla
fog	fear	de niebla
fog	joy	niebla
fog	negative	de niebla
fog	positive	de niebla
fog	sadness	de niebla
fog	surprise	técnico
fog	trust	de técnico
technician	anger	de niebla
technician	anticipation	de niebla
technician	disgust	técnico
technician	fear	de técnico
technician	joy	de técnico
technician	negative	de técnico
technician	positive	técnico
technician	sadness	de técnico
technician	surprise	de técnico
technician	trust	de técnico
pharmacist	anger	pharmacist
pharmacist	anticipation	pharmacist
pharmacist	disgust	pharmacist
pharmacist	fear	pharmacist
pharmacist	joy	pharmacist
pharmacist	negative	pharmacist
pharmacist	positive	pharmacist
pharmacist	sadness	pharmacist
pharmacist	surprise	pharmacist
pharmacist	trust	pharmacist
martyrdom	anger	martirio
martyrdom	anticipation	de martirio
martyrdom	disgust	de martirio
martyrdom	fear	de martirio
martyrdom	joy	martirio
martyrdom	negative	de martirio
martyrdom	positive	de martirio
martyrdom	sadness	de martirio
martyrdom	surprise	aparición
martyrdom	trust	de aparición
apparition	anger	de martirio
apparition	anticipation	de martirio
apparition	disgust	aparición
apparition	fear	de aparición
apparition	joy	de aparición
apparition	negative	de aparición
apparition	positive	aparición
apparition	sadness	de aparición
apparition	surprise	de aparición
apparition	trust	de aparición
proverbial	anger	proverbial
proverbial	anticipation	proverbial
proverbial	disgust	proverbial
proverbial	fear	proverbial
proverbial	joy	proverbial
proverbial	negative	proverbial
proverbial	positive	proverbial
proverbial	sadness	proverbial
proverbial	surprise	proverbial
proverbial	trust	proverbial
genital	anger	genital
genital	anticipation	genital
genital	disgust	genital
genital	fear	genital
genital	joy	genital
genital	negative	genital
genital	positive	genital
genital	sadness	declaración
genital	surprise	de declaración
genital	trust	genital
statement	anger	genital
statement	anticipation	genital
statement	disgust	declaración
statement	fear	de declaración
statement	joy	de declaración
statement	negative	de declaración
statement	positive	declaración
statement	sadness	de declaración
statement	surprise	de declaración
statement	trust	de declaración
petting	anger	petting
petting	anticipation	petting
petting	disgust	petting
petting	fear	petting
petting	joy	petting
petting	negative	petting
petting	positive	petting
petting	sadness	petting
petting	surprise	petting
petting	trust	petting
tenth	anger	décimo
tenth	anticipation	décimo
tenth	disgust	décimo
tenth	fear	décimo
tenth	joy	décimo
tenth	negative	décimo
tenth	positive	décimo
tenth	sadness	décimo
tenth	surprise	décima
tenth	trust	décima
preserve	anger	conserva
preserve	anticipation	de conserva
preserve	disgust	conserva
preserve	fear	de conserva
preserve	joy	de conserva
preserve	negative	de conserva
preserve	positive	conserva
preserve	sadness	de conserva
preserve	surprise	de conserva
preserve	trust	de conserva
peace	anger	paz
peace	anticipation	de paz
peace	disgust	de paz
peace	fear	de paz
peace	joy	paz
peace	negative	de paz
peace	positive	de paz
peace	sadness	de paz
peace	surprise	paz
peace	trust	de paz
secretly	anger	en secreto
secretly	anticipation	en secreto
secretly	disgust	en secreto
secretly	fear	en secreto
secretly	joy	en secreto
secretly	negative	en secreto
secretly	positive	en secreto
secretly	sadness	en secreto
secretly	surprise	en secreto
secretly	trust	en secreto
abstain	anger	abstener
abstain	anticipation	abstener
abstain	disgust	abstener
abstain	fear	abstener
abstain	joy	abstener
abstain	negative	abstener
abstain	positive	abstener
abstain	sadness	abstener
abstain	surprise	abstener
abstain	trust	abstener
dune	anger	duna
dune	anticipation	de duna
dune	disgust	de duna
dune	fear	de duna
dune	joy	duna
dune	negative	de duna
dune	positive	de duna
dune	sadness	de duna
dune	surprise	noche
dune	trust	de noche
night	anger	de duna
night	anticipation	de duna
night	disgust	noche
night	fear	de noche
night	joy	de noche
night	negative	de noche
night	positive	noche
night	sadness	de noche
night	surprise	de noche
night	trust	de noche
bluish	anger	azulada
bluish	anticipation	azulado
bluish	disgust	azulado
bluish	fear	azulado
bluish	joy	azulado
bluish	negative	azulado
bluish	positive	azulado
bluish	sadness	azulado
bluish	surprise	azulado
bluish	trust	azulado
canceling	anger	cancelando
canceling	anticipation	cancelando
canceling	disgust	cancelando
canceling	fear	cancelando
canceling	joy	cancelando
canceling	negative	cancelando
canceling	positive	cancelando
canceling	sadness	cancelando
canceling	surprise	cancelando
canceling	trust	cancelando
drove	anger	condujo
drove	anticipation	condujo
drove	disgust	condujo
drove	fear	condujo
drove	joy	condujo
drove	negative	condujo
drove	positive	condujo
drove	sadness	condujo
drove	surprise	condujo
drove	trust	condujo
ray	anger	rayo
ray	anticipation	de rayo
ray	disgust	de rayo
ray	fear	de rayo
ray	joy	rayo
ray	negative	de rayo
ray	positive	de rayo
ray	sadness	de rayo
ray	surprise	rayo
ray	trust	de rayo
statuette	anger	statuette
statuette	anticipation	statuette
statuette	disgust	statuette
statuette	fear	statuette
statuette	joy	statuette
statuette	negative	statuette
statuette	positive	statuette
statuette	sadness	statuette
statuette	surprise	statuette
statuette	trust	statuette
misinterpretation	anger	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	anticipation	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	disgust	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	fear	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	joy	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	negative	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	positive	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	sadness	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	surprise	misinterpretation
misinterpretation	trust	misinterpretation
joined	anger	unió
joined	anticipation	unido
joined	disgust	unió
joined	fear	unido
joined	joy	unió
joined	negative	unido
joined	positive	unió
joined	sadness	unido
joined	surprise	unió
joined	trust	unido
interrupted	anger	interrumpió
interrupted	anticipation	interrumpido
interrupted	disgust	interrumpió
interrupted	fear	interrumpido
interrupted	joy	interrumpió
interrupted	negative	interrumpido
interrupted	positive	interrumpió
interrupted	sadness	interrumpido
interrupted	surprise	interrumpió
interrupted	trust	aversión
hatred	anger	de aversión
hatred	anticipation	de aversión
hatred	disgust	interrumpida
hatred	fear	aversión
hatred	joy	de aversión
hatred	negative	de aversión
hatred	positive	de aversión
hatred	sadness	perturbación
hatred	surprise	de aversión
hatred	trust	de aversión
perturbation	anger	de aversión
perturbation	anticipation	perturbación
perturbation	disgust	de perturbación
perturbation	fear	de perturbación
perturbation	joy	de perturbación
perturbation	negative	perturbación
perturbation	positive	de perturbación
perturbation	sadness	de perturbación
perturbation	surprise	de perturbación
perturbation	trust	perturbación
loafer	anger	loafer
loafer	anticipation	loafer
loafer	disgust	loafer
loafer	fear	loafer
loafer	joy	loafer
loafer	negative	loafer
loafer	positive	loafer
loafer	sadness	loafer
loafer	surprise	loafer
loafer	trust	loafer
clothesline	anger	clothesline
clothesline	anticipation	clothesline
clothesline	disgust	clothesline
clothesline	fear	clothesline
clothesline	joy	clothesline
clothesline	negative	clothesline
clothesline	positive	clothesline
clothesline	sadness	clothesline
clothesline	surprise	clothesline
clothesline	trust	clothesline
waiter	anger	camarero
waiter	anticipation	de camarero
waiter	disgust	de camarero
waiter	fear	de camarero
waiter	joy	camarero
waiter	negative	de camarero
waiter	positive	de camarero
waiter	sadness	de camarero
waiter	surprise	camarero
waiter	trust	de camarero
globular	anger	globular
globular	anticipation	globular
globular	disgust	globular
globular	fear	globular
globular	joy	globular
globular	negative	globular
globular	positive	globular
globular	sadness	globular
globular	surprise	globular
globular	trust	globular
enslave	anger	esclavizar
enslave	anticipation	esclavizar
enslave	disgust	esclavizar
enslave	fear	esclavizar
enslave	joy	esclavizar
enslave	negative	esclavizar
enslave	positive	esclavizar
enslave	sadness	esclavizar
enslave	surprise	esclavizar
enslave	trust	esclavizar
boilerplate	anger	boilerplate
boilerplate	anticipation	boilerplate
boilerplate	disgust	boilerplate
boilerplate	fear	boilerplate
boilerplate	joy	boilerplate
boilerplate	negative	boilerplate
boilerplate	positive	boilerplate
boilerplate	sadness	boilerplate
boilerplate	surprise	boilerplate
boilerplate	trust	boilerplate
toils	anger	los trabajos duros
toils	anticipation	trabaja duro
toils	disgust	los trabajos duros
toils	fear	trabaja duro
toils	joy	los trabajos duros
toils	negative	trabaja duro
toils	positive	los trabajos duros
toils	sadness	trabaja duro
toils	surprise	los trabajos duros
toils	trust	trabaja duro
flyer	anger	aviador
flyer	anticipation	de aviador
flyer	disgust	de aviador
flyer	fear	de aviador
flyer	joy	aviador
flyer	negative	de aviador
flyer	positive	de aviador
flyer	sadness	de aviador
flyer	surprise	aviador
flyer	trust	de aviador
amid	anger	entre
amid	anticipation	entre
amid	disgust	entre
amid	fear	entre
amid	joy	entre
amid	negative	entre
amid	positive	entre
amid	sadness	entre
amid	surprise	entre
amid	trust	entre
ghostly	anger	ghostly
ghostly	anticipation	ghostly
ghostly	disgust	ghostly
ghostly	fear	ghostly
ghostly	joy	ghostly
ghostly	negative	ghostly
ghostly	positive	ghostly
ghostly	sadness	ghostly
ghostly	surprise	ghostly
ghostly	trust	ghostly
compost	anger	compost
compost	anticipation	compost
compost	disgust	compost
compost	fear	compost
compost	joy	compost
compost	negative	compost
compost	positive	compost
compost	sadness	compost
compost	surprise	compost
compost	trust	compost
retard	anger	atrasar
retard	anticipation	atrasar
retard	disgust	atrasar
retard	fear	atrasar
retard	joy	atrasar
retard	negative	atrasar
retard	positive	atrasar
retard	sadness	atrasar
retard	surprise	atrasar
retard	trust	atrasar
chisel	anger	chisel
chisel	anticipation	chisel
chisel	disgust	chisel
chisel	fear	chisel
chisel	joy	chisel
chisel	negative	chisel
chisel	positive	chisel
chisel	sadness	chisel
chisel	surprise	chisel
chisel	trust	chisel
communicable	anger	communicable
communicable	anticipation	communicable
communicable	disgust	communicable
communicable	fear	communicable
communicable	joy	communicable
communicable	negative	communicable
communicable	positive	communicable
communicable	sadness	communicable
communicable	surprise	communicable
communicable	trust	communicable
vegetative	anger	vegetativo
vegetative	anticipation	vegetativo
vegetative	disgust	vegetativo
vegetative	fear	vegetativo
vegetative	joy	vegetativo
vegetative	negative	vegetativo
vegetative	positive	vegetativo
vegetative	sadness	tiempo
vegetative	surprise	de tiempo
vegetative	trust	vegetativo
weather	anger	vegetativo
weather	anticipation	vegetativo
weather	disgust	tiempo
weather	fear	de tiempo
weather	joy	de tiempo
weather	negative	de tiempo
weather	positive	tiempo
weather	sadness	de tiempo
weather	surprise	de tiempo
weather	trust	de tiempo
tomcat	anger	tomcat
tomcat	anticipation	tomcat
tomcat	disgust	tomcat
tomcat	fear	tomcat
tomcat	joy	tomcat
tomcat	negative	tomcat
tomcat	positive	tomcat
tomcat	sadness	tomcat
tomcat	surprise	tomcat
tomcat	trust	tomcat
intellectual	anger	intelectual
intellectual	anticipation	intelectual
intellectual	disgust	intelectual
intellectual	fear	intelectual
intellectual	joy	intelectual
intellectual	negative	intelectual
intellectual	positive	intelectual
intellectual	sadness	intelectual
intellectual	surprise	intelectual
intellectual	trust	intelectual
unfaithful	anger	unfaithful
unfaithful	anticipation	unfaithful
unfaithful	disgust	unfaithful
unfaithful	fear	unfaithful
unfaithful	joy	unfaithful
unfaithful	negative	unfaithful
unfaithful	positive	unfaithful
unfaithful	sadness	unfaithful
unfaithful	surprise	unfaithful
unfaithful	trust	unfaithful
flare	anger	bengala
flare	anticipation	de bengala
flare	disgust	de bengala
flare	fear	de bengala
flare	joy	bengala
flare	negative	de bengala
flare	positive	de bengala
flare	sadness	de bengala
flare	surprise	exposición
flare	trust	de exposición
exhibit	anger	de bengala
exhibit	anticipation	de bengala
exhibit	disgust	exposición
exhibit	fear	de exposición
exhibit	joy	de exposición
exhibit	negative	de exposición
exhibit	positive	exposición
exhibit	sadness	de exposición
exhibit	surprise	de exposición
exhibit	trust	de exposición
untidy	anger	untidy
untidy	anticipation	untidy
untidy	disgust	untidy
untidy	fear	untidy
untidy	joy	untidy
untidy	negative	untidy
untidy	positive	untidy
untidy	sadness	untidy
untidy	surprise	untidy
untidy	trust	untidy
copycat	anger	copycat
copycat	anticipation	copycat
copycat	disgust	copycat
copycat	fear	copycat
copycat	joy	copycat
copycat	negative	copycat
copycat	positive	copycat
copycat	sadness	copycat
copycat	surprise	copycat
copycat	trust	copycat
yogi	anger	yogi
yogi	anticipation	yogi
yogi	disgust	yogi
yogi	fear	yogi
yogi	joy	yogi
yogi	negative	yogi
yogi	positive	yogi
yogi	sadness	yogi
yogi	surprise	yogi
yogi	trust	yogi
detect	anger	detectar
detect	anticipation	detectar
detect	disgust	detectar
detect	fear	detectar
detect	joy	detectar
detect	negative	detectar
detect	positive	detectar
detect	sadness	detectar
detect	surprise	detectar
detect	trust	detectar
retina	anger	retina
retina	anticipation	de retina
retina	disgust	de retina
retina	fear	de retina
retina	joy	retina
retina	negative	de retina
retina	positive	de retina
retina	sadness	de retina
retina	surprise	retina
retina	trust	de retina
purr	anger	purr
purr	anticipation	purr
purr	disgust	purr
purr	fear	purr
purr	joy	purr
purr	negative	purr
purr	positive	purr
purr	sadness	purr
purr	surprise	purr
purr	trust	purr
drown	anger	inundar
drown	anticipation	inundar
drown	disgust	inundar
drown	fear	inundar
drown	joy	inundar
drown	negative	inundar
drown	positive	inundar
drown	sadness	inundar
drown	surprise	inundar
drown	trust	inundar
regent	anger	regent
regent	anticipation	regent
regent	disgust	regent
regent	fear	regent
regent	joy	regent
regent	negative	regent
regent	positive	regent
regent	sadness	regent
regent	surprise	regent
regent	trust	regent
informant	anger	informant
informant	anticipation	informant
informant	disgust	informant
informant	fear	informant
informant	joy	informant
informant	negative	informant
informant	positive	informant
informant	sadness	informant
informant	surprise	informant
informant	trust	informant
photography	anger	fotografía
photography	anticipation	de fotografía
photography	disgust	de fotografía
photography	fear	de fotografía
photography	joy	fotografía
photography	negative	de fotografía
photography	positive	de fotografía
photography	sadness	de fotografía
photography	surprise	fotografía
photography	trust	de fotografía
discarded	anger	discarded
discarded	anticipation	discarded
discarded	disgust	discarded
discarded	fear	discarded
discarded	joy	discarded
discarded	negative	discarded
discarded	positive	discarded
discarded	sadness	discarded
discarded	surprise	discarded
discarded	trust	discarded
review	anger	revisión
review	anticipation	de revisión
review	disgust	de revisión
review	fear	de revisión
review	joy	revisión
review	negative	de revisión
review	positive	de revisión
review	sadness	de revisión
review	surprise	revisión
review	trust	de revisión
unexplained	anger	inexplicada
unexplained	anticipation	inexplicado
unexplained	disgust	inexplicado
unexplained	fear	inexplicado
unexplained	joy	inexplicado
unexplained	negative	inexplicado
unexplained	positive	inexplicado
unexplained	sadness	aplicabilidad
unexplained	surprise	de aplicabilidad
unexplained	trust	inexplicada
applicability	anger	inexplicada
applicability	anticipation	inexplicada
applicability	disgust	aplicabilidad
applicability	fear	de aplicabilidad
applicability	joy	de aplicabilidad
applicability	negative	de aplicabilidad
applicability	positive	aplicabilidad
applicability	sadness	de aplicabilidad
applicability	surprise	de aplicabilidad
applicability	trust	de aplicabilidad
frugal	anger	frugal
frugal	anticipation	frugal
frugal	disgust	frugal
frugal	fear	frugal
frugal	joy	frugal
frugal	negative	frugal
frugal	positive	frugal
frugal	sadness	frugal
frugal	surprise	frugal
frugal	trust	frugal
somatic	anger	somatic
somatic	anticipation	somatic
somatic	disgust	somatic
somatic	fear	somatic
somatic	joy	somatic
somatic	negative	somatic
somatic	positive	somatic
somatic	sadness	somatic
somatic	surprise	somatic
somatic	trust	somatic
tag	anger	tag
tag	anticipation	tag
tag	disgust	tag
tag	fear	tag
tag	joy	tag
tag	negative	tag
tag	positive	tag
tag	sadness	tag
tag	surprise	tag
tag	trust	tag
laudable	anger	laudable
laudable	anticipation	laudable
laudable	disgust	laudable
laudable	fear	laudable
laudable	joy	laudable
laudable	negative	laudable
laudable	positive	laudable
laudable	sadness	laudable
laudable	surprise	laudable
laudable	trust	laudable
pedantic	anger	pedante
pedantic	anticipation	pedante
pedantic	disgust	pedante
pedantic	fear	pedante
pedantic	joy	pedante
pedantic	negative	pedante
pedantic	positive	pedante
pedantic	sadness	pedante
pedantic	surprise	pedante
pedantic	trust	pedante
impracticable	anger	impracticable
impracticable	anticipation	impracticable
impracticable	disgust	impracticable
impracticable	fear	impracticable
impracticable	joy	impracticable
impracticable	negative	impracticable
impracticable	positive	impracticable
impracticable	sadness	impracticable
impracticable	surprise	impracticable
impracticable	trust	impracticable
exigent	anger	exigent
exigent	anticipation	exigent
exigent	disgust	exigent
exigent	fear	exigent
exigent	joy	exigent
exigent	negative	exigent
exigent	positive	exigent
exigent	sadness	exigent
exigent	surprise	exigent
exigent	trust	exigent
ana	anger	ana
ana	anticipation	ana
ana	disgust	ana
ana	fear	ana
ana	joy	ana
ana	negative	ana
ana	positive	ana
ana	sadness	ana
ana	surprise	ana
ana	trust	ana
falter	anger	falter
falter	anticipation	falter
falter	disgust	falter
falter	fear	falter
falter	joy	falter
falter	negative	falter
falter	positive	falter
falter	sadness	falter
falter	surprise	falter
falter	trust	falter
rehabilitation	anger	rehabilitación
rehabilitation	anticipation	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	disgust	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	fear	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	joy	rehabilitación
rehabilitation	negative	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	positive	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	sadness	de rehabilitación
rehabilitation	surprise	rehabilitación
rehabilitation	trust	de rehabilitación
paucity	anger	paucity
paucity	anticipation	paucity
paucity	disgust	paucity
paucity	fear	paucity
paucity	joy	paucity
paucity	negative	paucity
paucity	positive	paucity
paucity	sadness	paucity
paucity	surprise	paucity
paucity	trust	paucity
exemplify	anger	ejemplificar
exemplify	anticipation	ejemplificar
exemplify	disgust	ejemplificar
exemplify	fear	ejemplificar
exemplify	joy	ejemplificar
exemplify	negative	ejemplificar
exemplify	positive	ejemplificar
exemplify	sadness	ejemplificar
exemplify	surprise	ejemplificar
exemplify	trust	ejemplificar
artery	anger	arteria
artery	anticipation	de arteria
artery	disgust	de arteria
artery	fear	de arteria
artery	joy	arteria
artery	negative	de arteria
artery	positive	de arteria
artery	sadness	de arteria
artery	surprise	arteria
artery	trust	de arteria
disinfectant	anger	disinfectant
disinfectant	anticipation	disinfectant
disinfectant	disgust	disinfectant
disinfectant	fear	disinfectant
disinfectant	joy	disinfectant
disinfectant	negative	disinfectant
disinfectant	positive	disinfectant
disinfectant	sadness	disinfectant
disinfectant	surprise	disinfectant
disinfectant	trust	disinfectant
candlelight	anger	candlelight
candlelight	anticipation	candlelight
candlelight	disgust	candlelight
candlelight	fear	candlelight
candlelight	joy	candlelight
candlelight	negative	candlelight
candlelight	positive	candlelight
candlelight	sadness	candlelight
candlelight	surprise	candlelight
candlelight	trust	candlelight
tent	anger	tienda
tent	anticipation	de tienda
tent	disgust	de tienda
tent	fear	de tienda
tent	joy	tienda
tent	negative	de tienda
tent	positive	de tienda
tent	sadness	de tienda
tent	surprise	tienda
tent	trust	de tienda
abovementioned	anger	abovementioned
abovementioned	anticipation	abovementioned
abovementioned	disgust	abovementioned
abovementioned	fear	abovementioned
abovementioned	joy	abovementioned
abovementioned	negative	abovementioned
abovementioned	positive	abovementioned
abovementioned	sadness	abovementioned
abovementioned	surprise	abovementioned
abovementioned	trust	abovementioned
restrict	anger	restringir
restrict	anticipation	restringir
restrict	disgust	restringir
restrict	fear	restringir
restrict	joy	restringir
restrict	negative	restringir
restrict	positive	restringir
restrict	sadness	restringir
restrict	surprise	restringir
restrict	trust	restringir
frothy	anger	frothy
frothy	anticipation	frothy
frothy	disgust	frothy
frothy	fear	frothy
frothy	joy	frothy
frothy	negative	frothy
frothy	positive	frothy
frothy	sadness	frothy
frothy	surprise	frothy
frothy	trust	frothy
canvass	anger	canvass
canvass	anticipation	canvass
canvass	disgust	canvass
canvass	fear	canvass
canvass	joy	canvass
canvass	negative	canvass
canvass	positive	canvass
canvass	sadness	canvass
canvass	surprise	canvass
canvass	trust	canvass
agreed	anger	acordado
agreed	anticipation	acordado
agreed	disgust	acordado
agreed	fear	acordado
agreed	joy	acordado
agreed	negative	acordado
agreed	positive	acordado
agreed	sadness	acordado
agreed	surprise	acordado
agreed	trust	acordado
devilish	anger	devilish
devilish	anticipation	devilish
devilish	disgust	devilish
devilish	fear	devilish
devilish	joy	devilish
devilish	negative	devilish
devilish	positive	devilish
devilish	sadness	devilish
devilish	surprise	devilish
devilish	trust	devilish
engraving	anger	engraving
engraving	anticipation	engraving
engraving	disgust	engraving
engraving	fear	engraving
engraving	joy	engraving
engraving	negative	engraving
engraving	positive	engraving
engraving	sadness	engraving
engraving	surprise	engraving
engraving	trust	engraving
germination	anger	germinación
germination	anticipation	de germinación
germination	disgust	de germinación
germination	fear	de germinación
germination	joy	germinación
germination	negative	de germinación
germination	positive	de germinación
germination	sadness	de germinación
germination	surprise	germinación
germination	trust	de germinación
flexible	anger	flexible
flexible	anticipation	flexible
flexible	disgust	flexible
flexible	fear	flexible
flexible	joy	flexible
flexible	negative	flexible
flexible	positive	flexible
flexible	sadness	anuario
flexible	surprise	de anuario
flexible	trust	flexible
yearbook	anger	flexible
yearbook	anticipation	flexible
yearbook	disgust	anuario
yearbook	fear	de anuario
yearbook	joy	de anuario
yearbook	negative	de anuario
yearbook	positive	anuario
yearbook	sadness	de anuario
yearbook	surprise	de anuario
yearbook	trust	de anuario
remission	anger	remission
remission	anticipation	remission
remission	disgust	remission
remission	fear	remission
remission	joy	remission
remission	negative	remission
remission	positive	remission
remission	sadness	remission
remission	surprise	remission
remission	trust	remission
fastening	anger	fastening
fastening	anticipation	fastening
fastening	disgust	fastening
fastening	fear	fastening
fastening	joy	fastening
fastening	negative	fastening
fastening	positive	fastening
fastening	sadness	fastening
fastening	surprise	fastening
fastening	trust	fastening
calorimeter	anger	calorímetro
calorimeter	anticipation	de calorímetro
calorimeter	disgust	de calorímetro
calorimeter	fear	de calorímetro
calorimeter	joy	calorímetro
calorimeter	negative	de calorímetro
calorimeter	positive	de calorímetro
calorimeter	sadness	de calorímetro
calorimeter	surprise	calorímetro
calorimeter	trust	de calorímetro
argumentative	anger	argumentativo
argumentative	anticipation	argumentativo
argumentative	disgust	argumentativo
argumentative	fear	argumentativo
argumentative	joy	argumentativo
argumentative	negative	argumentativo
argumentative	positive	argumentativo
argumentative	sadness	coche
argumentative	surprise	de coche
argumentative	trust	argumentativo
auto	anger	argumentativo
auto	anticipation	argumentativo
auto	disgust	coche
auto	fear	de coche
auto	joy	de coche
auto	negative	de coche
auto	positive	coche
auto	sadness	de coche
auto	surprise	de coche
auto	trust	de coche
ultimate	anger	definitivo
ultimate	anticipation	definitivo
ultimate	disgust	definitivo
ultimate	fear	definitivo
ultimate	joy	definitivo
ultimate	negative	definitivo
ultimate	positive	definitivo
ultimate	sadness	definitivo
ultimate	surprise	definitivo
ultimate	trust	definitivo
misappropriation	anger	misappropriation
misappropriation	anticipation	misappropriation
misappropriation	disgust	misappropriation
misappropriation	fear	misappropriation
misappropriation	joy	misappropriation
misappropriation	negative	misappropriation
misappropriation	positive	misappropriation
misappropriation	sadness	misappropriation
misappropriation	surprise	misappropriation
misappropriation	trust	misappropriation
clock	anger	reloj
clock	anticipation	de reloj
clock	disgust	de reloj
clock	fear	de reloj
clock	joy	reloj
clock	negative	de reloj
clock	positive	de reloj
clock	sadness	de reloj
clock	surprise	reloj
clock	trust	de reloj que
disapproving	anger	desaprueba
disapproving	anticipation	desaprobando
disapproving	disgust	desaprobando
disapproving	fear	desaprobando
disapproving	joy	desaprobando
disapproving	negative	desaprobando
disapproving	positive	desaprobando
disapproving	sadness	desaprobando
disapproving	surprise	desaprobando
disapproving	trust	desaprobando
tiller	anger	tiller
tiller	anticipation	tiller
tiller	disgust	tiller
tiller	fear	tiller
tiller	joy	tiller
tiller	negative	tiller
tiller	positive	tiller
tiller	sadness	tiller
tiller	surprise	tiller
tiller	trust	tiller
relaxation	anger	relajación
relaxation	anticipation	de relajación
relaxation	disgust	de relajación
relaxation	fear	de relajación
relaxation	joy	relajación
relaxation	negative	de relajación
relaxation	positive	de relajación
relaxation	sadness	de relajación
relaxation	surprise	relajación
relaxation	trust	de relajación
hornet	anger	hornet
hornet	anticipation	hornet
hornet	disgust	hornet
hornet	fear	hornet
hornet	joy	hornet
hornet	negative	hornet
hornet	positive	hornet
hornet	sadness	hornet
hornet	surprise	hornet
hornet	trust	hornet
crank	anger	crank
crank	anticipation	crank
crank	disgust	crank
crank	fear	crank
crank	joy	crank
crank	negative	crank
crank	positive	crank
crank	sadness	crank
crank	surprise	crank
crank	trust	crank
cathedral	anger	catedral
cathedral	anticipation	de catedral
cathedral	disgust	de catedral
cathedral	fear	de catedral
cathedral	joy	catedral
cathedral	negative	de catedral
cathedral	positive	de catedral
cathedral	sadness	de catedral
cathedral	surprise	catedral
cathedral	trust	de catedral
famed	anger	famed
famed	anticipation	famed
famed	disgust	famed
famed	fear	famed
famed	joy	famed
famed	negative	famed
famed	positive	famed
famed	sadness	famed
famed	surprise	famed
famed	trust	famed
bun	anger	panecillo
bun	anticipation	de panecillo
bun	disgust	de panecillo
bun	fear	de panecillo
bun	joy	panecillo
bun	negative	de panecillo
bun	positive	de panecillo
bun	sadness	de panecillo
bun	surprise	predecesor
bun	trust	de predecesor
predecessor	anger	de panecillo
predecessor	anticipation	de panecillo
predecessor	disgust	predecesor
predecessor	fear	de predecesor
predecessor	joy	de predecesor
predecessor	negative	de predecesor
predecessor	positive	predecesor
predecessor	sadness	de predecesor
predecessor	surprise	de predecesor
predecessor	trust	de predecesor
chicane	anger	chicane
chicane	anticipation	chicane
chicane	disgust	chicane
chicane	fear	chicane
chicane	joy	chicane
chicane	negative	chicane
chicane	positive	chicane
chicane	sadness	chicane
chicane	surprise	chicane
chicane	trust	chicane
riddle	anger	adivinanza
riddle	anticipation	de adivinanza
riddle	disgust	de adivinanza
riddle	fear	de adivinanza
riddle	joy	adivinanza
riddle	negative	de adivinanza
riddle	positive	de adivinanza
riddle	sadness	de adivinanza
riddle	surprise	adivinanza
riddle	trust	de adivinanza
bedtime	anger	bedtime
bedtime	anticipation	bedtime
bedtime	disgust	bedtime
bedtime	fear	bedtime
bedtime	joy	bedtime
bedtime	negative	bedtime
bedtime	positive	bedtime
bedtime	sadness	bedtime
bedtime	surprise	bedtime
bedtime	trust	bedtime
cheering	anger	aclamando
cheering	anticipation	aclamando
cheering	disgust	aclamando
cheering	fear	aclamando
cheering	joy	aclamando
cheering	negative	aclamando
cheering	positive	aclamando
cheering	sadness	aclamando
cheering	surprise	aclamando
cheering	trust	aclamando
academy	anger	academia
academy	anticipation	de academia
academy	disgust	de academia
academy	fear	de academia
academy	joy	academia
academy	negative	de academia
academy	positive	de academia
academy	sadness	de academia
academy	surprise	arqueología
academy	trust	de arqueología
archaeology	anger	de academia
archaeology	anticipation	de academia
archaeology	disgust	arqueología
archaeology	fear	de arqueología
archaeology	joy	de arqueología
archaeology	negative	de arqueología
archaeology	positive	arqueología
archaeology	sadness	de arqueología
archaeology	surprise	de arqueología
archaeology	trust	de arqueología
defect	anger	defecto
defect	anticipation	de defecto
defect	disgust	de defecto
defect	fear	de defecto
defect	joy	defecto
defect	negative	de defecto
defect	positive	de defecto
defect	sadness	de defecto
defect	surprise	adulto
defect	trust	de adulto
adult	anger	de defecto
adult	anticipation	de defecto
adult	disgust	adulto
adult	fear	de adulto
adult	joy	de adulto
adult	negative	de adulto
adult	positive	adulto
adult	sadness	de adulto
adult	surprise	de adulto
adult	trust	de adulto
aqueduct	anger	acueducto
aqueduct	anticipation	de acueducto
aqueduct	disgust	de acueducto
aqueduct	fear	de acueducto
aqueduct	joy	acueducto
aqueduct	negative	de acueducto
aqueduct	positive	de acueducto
aqueduct	sadness	de acueducto
aqueduct	surprise	simbolismo
aqueduct	trust	de simbolismo
symbolism	anger	de acueducto
symbolism	anticipation	de acueducto
symbolism	disgust	simbolismo
symbolism	fear	de simbolismo
symbolism	joy	de simbolismo
symbolism	negative	de simbolismo
symbolism	positive	simbolismo
symbolism	sadness	de simbolismo
symbolism	surprise	de simbolismo
symbolism	trust	de simbolismo
accident	anger	accidente
accident	anticipation	de accidente
accident	disgust	de accidente
accident	fear	de accidente
accident	joy	accidente
accident	negative	de accidente
accident	positive	de accidente
accident	sadness	de accidente
accident	surprise	mirada
accident	trust	de mirada
glance	anger	de accidente
glance	anticipation	de accidente
glance	disgust	mirada
glance	fear	de mirada
glance	joy	de mirada
glance	negative	de mirada
glance	positive	mirada
glance	sadness	de mirada
glance	surprise	de mirada
glance	trust	de mirada
inhospitable	anger	inhospitable
inhospitable	anticipation	inhospitable
inhospitable	disgust	inhospitable
inhospitable	fear	inhospitable
inhospitable	joy	inhospitable
inhospitable	negative	inhospitable
inhospitable	positive	inhospitable
inhospitable	sadness	inhospitable
inhospitable	surprise	inhospitable
inhospitable	trust	inhospitable
leave	anger	dejar
leave	anticipation	dejar
leave	disgust	dejar
leave	fear	dejar
leave	joy	dejar
leave	negative	dejar
leave	positive	dejar
leave	sadness	dejar
leave	surprise	dejar
leave	trust	dejar
viability	anger	viability
viability	anticipation	viability
viability	disgust	viability
viability	fear	viability
viability	joy	viability
viability	negative	viability
viability	positive	viability
viability	sadness	viability
viability	surprise	viability
viability	trust	viability
supper	anger	cena
supper	anticipation	de cena
supper	disgust	de cena
supper	fear	de cena
supper	joy	cena
supper	negative	de cena
supper	positive	de cena
supper	sadness	de cena
supper	surprise	especialista
supper	trust	de especialista
specialist	anger	de cena
specialist	anticipation	de cena
specialist	disgust	especialista
specialist	fear	de especialista
specialist	joy	de especialista
specialist	negative	de especialista
specialist	positive	especialista
specialist	sadness	de especialista
specialist	surprise	de especialista
specialist	trust	de especialista
inoculation	anger	inoculación
inoculation	anticipation	de inoculación
inoculation	disgust	de inoculación
inoculation	fear	de inoculación
inoculation	joy	inoculación
inoculation	negative	de inoculación
inoculation	positive	de inoculación
inoculation	sadness	de inoculación
inoculation	surprise	doblete
inoculation	trust	de doblete
doublet	anger	de inoculación
doublet	anticipation	de inoculación
doublet	disgust	doblete
doublet	fear	de doblete
doublet	joy	de doblete
doublet	negative	de doblete
doublet	positive	doblete
doublet	sadness	de doblete
doublet	surprise	de doblete
doublet	trust	de doblete
size	anger	medida
size	anticipation	de medida
size	disgust	de medida
size	fear	de medida
size	joy	medida
size	negative	de medida
size	positive	de medida
size	sadness	de medida
size	surprise	medida
size	trust	de medida
wrestle	anger	wrestle
wrestle	anticipation	wrestle
wrestle	disgust	wrestle
wrestle	fear	wrestle
wrestle	joy	wrestle
wrestle	negative	wrestle
wrestle	positive	wrestle
wrestle	sadness	wrestle
wrestle	surprise	wrestle
wrestle	trust	wrestle
bustle	anger	ajetreo
bustle	anticipation	de ajetreo
bustle	disgust	de ajetreo
bustle	fear	de ajetreo
bustle	joy	ajetreo
bustle	negative	de ajetreo
bustle	positive	de ajetreo
bustle	sadness	de ajetreo
bustle	surprise	ajetreo
bustle	trust	de ajetreo
fated	anger	fated
fated	anticipation	fated
fated	disgust	fated
fated	fear	fated
fated	joy	fated
fated	negative	fated
fated	positive	fated
fated	sadness	fated
fated	surprise	fated
fated	trust	fated
detriment	anger	detrimento
detriment	anticipation	de detrimento
detriment	disgust	de detrimento
detriment	fear	de detrimento
detriment	joy	detrimento
detriment	negative	de detrimento
detriment	positive	de detrimento
detriment	sadness	de detrimento
detriment	surprise	detrimento
detriment	trust	de detrimento
equalize	anger	iguala
equalize	anticipation	igualar
equalize	disgust	igualar
equalize	fear	igualar
equalize	joy	igualar
equalize	negative	igualar
equalize	positive	igualar
equalize	sadness	igualar
equalize	surprise	igualar
equalize	trust	igualar
aground	anger	encallado
aground	anticipation	encallado
aground	disgust	encallado
aground	fear	encallado
aground	joy	encallado
aground	negative	encallado
aground	positive	encallado
aground	sadness	encallado
aground	surprise	encallado
aground	trust	encallado
complain	anger	renegar
complain	anticipation	renegar
complain	disgust	renegar
complain	fear	renegar
complain	joy	renegar
complain	negative	renegar
complain	positive	renegar
complain	sadness	renegar
complain	surprise	renegar
complain	trust	renegar
yea	anger	yea
yea	anticipation	yea
yea	disgust	yea
yea	fear	yea
yea	joy	yea
yea	negative	yea
yea	positive	yea
yea	sadness	yea
yea	surprise	yea
yea	trust	yea
rounded	anger	redondeó
rounded	anticipation	redondeado
rounded	disgust	redondeó
rounded	fear	redondeado
rounded	joy	redondeó
rounded	negative	redondeado
rounded	positive	redondeó
rounded	sadness	redondeado
rounded	surprise	redondeó
rounded	trust	redondeado
hermeneutics	anger	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	anticipation	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	disgust	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	fear	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	joy	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	negative	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	positive	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	sadness	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	surprise	hermeneutics
hermeneutics	trust	hermeneutics
invisible	anger	invisible
invisible	anticipation	invisible
invisible	disgust	invisible
invisible	fear	invisible
invisible	joy	invisible
invisible	negative	invisible
invisible	positive	invisible
invisible	sadness	invisible
invisible	surprise	invisible
invisible	trust	invisible
supplication	anger	supplication
supplication	anticipation	supplication
supplication	disgust	supplication
supplication	fear	supplication
supplication	joy	supplication
supplication	negative	supplication
supplication	positive	supplication
supplication	sadness	supplication
supplication	surprise	supplication
supplication	trust	supplication
sorely	anger	sorely
sorely	anticipation	sorely
sorely	disgust	sorely
sorely	fear	sorely
sorely	joy	sorely
sorely	negative	sorely
sorely	positive	sorely
sorely	sadness	sorely
sorely	surprise	sorely
sorely	trust	sorely
dupe	anger	engañar
dupe	anticipation	engañar
dupe	disgust	engañar
dupe	fear	engañar
dupe	joy	engañar
dupe	negative	engañar
dupe	positive	engañar
dupe	sadness	engañar
dupe	surprise	engañar
dupe	trust	engañar
unequivocal	anger	unequivocal
unequivocal	anticipation	unequivocal
unequivocal	disgust	unequivocal
unequivocal	fear	unequivocal
unequivocal	joy	unequivocal
unequivocal	negative	unequivocal
unequivocal	positive	unequivocal
unequivocal	sadness	unequivocal
unequivocal	surprise	unequivocal
unequivocal	trust	unequivocal
publish	anger	publicar
publish	anticipation	publicar
publish	disgust	publicar
publish	fear	publicar
publish	joy	publicar
publish	negative	publicar
publish	positive	publicar
publish	sadness	publicar
publish	surprise	publicar
publish	trust	publicar
imaginative	anger	imaginativo
imaginative	anticipation	imaginativo
imaginative	disgust	imaginativo
imaginative	fear	imaginativo
imaginative	joy	imaginativo
imaginative	negative	imaginativo
imaginative	positive	imaginativo
imaginative	sadness	túnel
imaginative	surprise	de túnel
imaginative	trust	imaginativo
tunnel	anger	imaginativo
tunnel	anticipation	imaginativo
tunnel	disgust	túnel
tunnel	fear	de túnel
tunnel	joy	de túnel
tunnel	negative	de túnel
tunnel	positive	túnel
tunnel	sadness	de túnel
tunnel	surprise	de túnel
tunnel	trust	de túnel
side	anger	lado
side	anticipation	de lado
side	disgust	de lado
side	fear	de lado
side	joy	lado
side	negative	de lado
side	positive	de lado
side	sadness	de lado
side	surprise	lado
side	trust	de lado
passageway	anger	passageway
passageway	anticipation	passageway
passageway	disgust	passageway
passageway	fear	passageway
passageway	joy	passageway
passageway	negative	passageway
passageway	positive	passageway
passageway	sadness	passageway
passageway	surprise	passageway
passageway	trust	passageway
ascetic	anger	ascetic
ascetic	anticipation	ascetic
ascetic	disgust	ascetic
ascetic	fear	ascetic
ascetic	joy	ascetic
ascetic	negative	ascetic
ascetic	positive	ascetic
ascetic	sadness	ascetic
ascetic	surprise	ascetic
ascetic	trust	ascetic
shingle	anger	shingle
shingle	anticipation	shingle
shingle	disgust	shingle
shingle	fear	shingle
shingle	joy	shingle
shingle	negative	shingle
shingle	positive	shingle
shingle	sadness	shingle
shingle	surprise	shingle
shingle	trust	shingle
confront	anger	afrontar
confront	anticipation	afrontar
confront	disgust	afrontar
confront	fear	afrontar
confront	joy	afrontar
confront	negative	afrontar
confront	positive	afrontar
confront	sadness	afrontar
confront	surprise	afrontar
confront	trust	afrontar
persuade	anger	persuadir
persuade	anticipation	persuadir
persuade	disgust	persuadir
persuade	fear	persuadir
persuade	joy	persuadir
persuade	negative	persuadir
persuade	positive	persuadir
persuade	sadness	persuadir
persuade	surprise	persuadir
persuade	trust	persuadir
downcast	anger	alicaído
downcast	anticipation	alicaído
downcast	disgust	alicaído
downcast	fear	alicaído
downcast	joy	alicaído
downcast	negative	alicaído
downcast	positive	alicaído
downcast	sadness	alboroto
downcast	surprise	de alboroto
downcast	trust	alicaído
uproar	anger	alicaído
uproar	anticipation	alicaído
uproar	disgust	alboroto
uproar	fear	de alboroto
uproar	joy	de alboroto
uproar	negative	de alboroto
uproar	positive	alboroto
uproar	sadness	de alboroto
uproar	surprise	de alboroto
uproar	trust	de alboroto
embed	anger	embed
embed	anticipation	embed
embed	disgust	embed
embed	fear	embed
embed	joy	embed
embed	negative	embed
embed	positive	embed
embed	sadness	embed
embed	surprise	embed
embed	trust	embed
reciprocal	anger	recíproco
reciprocal	anticipation	recíproco
reciprocal	disgust	recíproco
reciprocal	fear	recíproco
reciprocal	joy	recíproco
reciprocal	negative	recíproco
reciprocal	positive	recíproco
reciprocal	sadness	calle
reciprocal	surprise	de calle
reciprocal	trust	recíproca
street	anger	recíproca
street	anticipation	recíproca
street	disgust	calle
street	fear	de calle
street	joy	de calle
street	negative	de calle
street	positive	calle
street	sadness	de calle
street	surprise	de calle
street	trust	de calle
encroachment	anger	encroachment
encroachment	anticipation	encroachment
encroachment	disgust	encroachment
encroachment	fear	encroachment
encroachment	joy	encroachment
encroachment	negative	encroachment
encroachment	positive	encroachment
encroachment	sadness	encroachment
encroachment	surprise	encroachment
encroachment	trust	encroachment
delirium	anger	delirium
delirium	anticipation	delirium
delirium	disgust	delirium
delirium	fear	delirium
delirium	joy	delirium
delirium	negative	delirium
delirium	positive	delirium
delirium	sadness	delirium
delirium	surprise	delirium
delirium	trust	delirium
overzealous	anger	overzealous
overzealous	anticipation	overzealous
overzealous	disgust	overzealous
overzealous	fear	overzealous
overzealous	joy	overzealous
overzealous	negative	overzealous
overzealous	positive	overzealous
overzealous	sadness	overzealous
overzealous	surprise	overzealous
overzealous	trust	overzealous
font	anger	fuente
font	anticipation	de fuente
font	disgust	de fuente
font	fear	de fuente
font	joy	fuente
font	negative	de fuente
font	positive	de fuente
font	sadness	de fuente
font	surprise	fuente
font	trust	de fuente
exponential	anger	exponencial
exponential	anticipation	exponencial
exponential	disgust	exponencial
exponential	fear	exponencial
exponential	joy	exponencial
exponential	negative	exponencial
exponential	positive	exponencial
exponential	sadness	exponencial
exponential	surprise	exponencial
exponential	trust	exponencial
outlast	anger	outlast
outlast	anticipation	outlast
outlast	disgust	outlast
outlast	fear	outlast
outlast	joy	outlast
outlast	negative	outlast
outlast	positive	outlast
outlast	sadness	outlast
outlast	surprise	outlast
outlast	trust	outlast
cloud	anger	nube
cloud	anticipation	de nube
cloud	disgust	de nube
cloud	fear	de nube
cloud	joy	nube
cloud	negative	de nube
cloud	positive	de nube
cloud	sadness	de nube
cloud	surprise	nube
cloud	trust	de nube
reckless	anger	temeraria
reckless	anticipation	temerario
reckless	disgust	temerario
reckless	fear	temerario
reckless	joy	temerario
reckless	negative	temerario
reckless	positive	temerario
reckless	sadness	temerario
reckless	surprise	temerario
reckless	trust	temerario
gullible	anger	gullible
gullible	anticipation	gullible
gullible	disgust	gullible
gullible	fear	gullible
gullible	joy	gullible
gullible	negative	gullible
gullible	positive	gullible
gullible	sadness	gullible
gullible	surprise	gullible
gullible	trust	gullible
blank	anger	espacio
blank	anticipation	de espacio
blank	disgust	de espacio
blank	fear	de espacio
blank	joy	espacio
blank	negative	de espacio
blank	positive	de espacio
blank	sadness	de espacio
blank	surprise	espacio
blank	trust	de espacio
vocal	anger	vocal
vocal	anticipation	vocal
vocal	disgust	vocal
vocal	fear	vocal
vocal	joy	vocal
vocal	negative	vocal
vocal	positive	vocal
vocal	sadness	sensibilidad
vocal	surprise	de sensibilidad
vocal	trust	vocal
sensibility	anger	vocal
sensibility	anticipation	vocal
sensibility	disgust	sensibilidad
sensibility	fear	de sensibilidad
sensibility	joy	de sensibilidad
sensibility	negative	de sensibilidad
sensibility	positive	sensibilidad
sensibility	sadness	de sensibilidad
sensibility	surprise	de sensibilidad
sensibility	trust	de sensibilidad
milligram	anger	miligramo
milligram	anticipation	de miligramo
milligram	disgust	de miligramo
milligram	fear	de miligramo
milligram	joy	miligramo
milligram	negative	de miligramo
milligram	positive	de miligramo
milligram	sadness	de miligramo
milligram	surprise	miligramo
milligram	trust	de miligramo
critter	anger	critter
critter	anticipation	critter
critter	disgust	critter
critter	fear	critter
critter	joy	critter
critter	negative	critter
critter	positive	critter
critter	sadness	critter
critter	surprise	critter
critter	trust	critter
philanthropist	anger	philanthropist
philanthropist	anticipation	philanthropist
philanthropist	disgust	philanthropist
philanthropist	fear	philanthropist
philanthropist	joy	philanthropist
philanthropist	negative	philanthropist
philanthropist	positive	philanthropist
philanthropist	sadness	philanthropist
philanthropist	surprise	philanthropist
philanthropist	trust	philanthropist
bloom	anger	florecer
bloom	anticipation	florecer
bloom	disgust	florecer
bloom	fear	florecer
bloom	joy	florecer
bloom	negative	florecer
bloom	positive	florecer
bloom	sadness	florecer
bloom	surprise	florecer
bloom	trust	florecer
chimera	anger	quimera
chimera	anticipation	de quimera
chimera	disgust	de quimera
chimera	fear	de quimera
chimera	joy	quimera
chimera	negative	de quimera
chimera	positive	de quimera
chimera	sadness	de quimera
chimera	surprise	pompa
chimera	trust	de pompa
pomp	anger	de quimera
pomp	anticipation	de quimera
pomp	disgust	pompa
pomp	fear	de pompa
pomp	joy	de pompa
pomp	negative	de pompa
pomp	positive	pompa
pomp	sadness	de pompa
pomp	surprise	de pompa
pomp	trust	de pompa
generic	anger	genérica
generic	anticipation	genérico
generic	disgust	genérico
generic	fear	genérico
generic	joy	genérico
generic	negative	genérico
generic	positive	genérico
generic	sadness	equilibrio
generic	surprise	de equilibrio
generic	trust	genérico
balance	anger	genérico
balance	anticipation	genérico
balance	disgust	equilibrio
balance	fear	de equilibrio
balance	joy	de equilibrio
balance	negative	de equilibrio
balance	positive	equilibrio
balance	sadness	de equilibrio
balance	surprise	de equilibrio
balance	trust	de equilibrio
thereof	anger	del mismo
thereof	anticipation	del mismo
thereof	disgust	del mismo
thereof	fear	del mismo
thereof	joy	del mismo
thereof	negative	del mismo
thereof	positive	del mismo
thereof	sadness	del mismo
thereof	surprise	del mismo
thereof	trust	del mismo
modern	anger	moderno
modern	anticipation	moderno
modern	disgust	moderno
modern	fear	moderno
modern	joy	moderno
modern	negative	moderno
modern	positive	moderno
modern	sadness	fortaleza
modern	surprise	de fortaleza
modern	trust	moderna
fortress	anger	moderna
fortress	anticipation	moderna
fortress	disgust	fortaleza
fortress	fear	de fortaleza
fortress	joy	de fortaleza
fortress	negative	de fortaleza
fortress	positive	fortaleza
fortress	sadness	de fortaleza
fortress	surprise	de fortaleza
fortress	trust	de fortaleza
banish	anger	esfuma
banish	anticipation	esfumar
banish	disgust	esfumar
banish	fear	esfumar
banish	joy	esfumar
banish	negative	esfumar
banish	positive	esfumar
banish	sadness	esfumar
banish	surprise	esfumar
banish	trust	esfumar
pathetic	anger	pathetic
pathetic	anticipation	pathetic
pathetic	disgust	pathetic
pathetic	fear	pathetic
pathetic	joy	pathetic
pathetic	negative	pathetic
pathetic	positive	pathetic
pathetic	sadness	pathetic
pathetic	surprise	pathetic
pathetic	trust	pathetic
dugout	anger	dugout
dugout	anticipation	dugout
dugout	disgust	dugout
dugout	fear	dugout
dugout	joy	dugout
dugout	negative	dugout
dugout	positive	dugout
dugout	sadness	dugout
dugout	surprise	dugout
dugout	trust	dugout
lines	anger	las líneas
lines	anticipation	tacha
lines	disgust	las líneas
lines	fear	tacha
lines	joy	las líneas
lines	negative	tacha
lines	positive	las líneas
lines	sadness	tacha
lines	surprise	las líneas
lines	trust	tacha
amusement	anger	distracción
amusement	anticipation	de distracción
amusement	disgust	de distracción
amusement	fear	de distracción
amusement	joy	distracción
amusement	negative	de distracción
amusement	positive	de distracción
amusement	sadness	de distracción
amusement	surprise	seguridad
amusement	trust	de seguridad
safety	anger	de distracción
safety	anticipation	de distracción
safety	disgust	seguridad
safety	fear	de seguridad
safety	joy	de seguridad
safety	negative	de seguridad
safety	positive	seguridad
safety	sadness	de seguridad
safety	surprise	de seguridad
safety	trust	de seguridad que
creaking	anger	gañe
creaking	anticipation	gañiendo
creaking	disgust	gañiendo
creaking	fear	gañiendo
creaking	joy	gañiendo
creaking	negative	gañiendo
creaking	positive	gañiendo
creaking	sadness	gañiendo
creaking	surprise	gañiendo
creaking	trust	gañiendo
translucent	anger	traslúcido
translucent	anticipation	traslúcido
translucent	disgust	traslúcido
translucent	fear	traslúcido
translucent	joy	traslúcido
translucent	negative	traslúcido
translucent	positive	traslúcido
translucent	sadness	traslúcido
translucent	surprise	traslúcido
translucent	trust	traslúcido
bloodthirsty	anger	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	anticipation	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	disgust	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	fear	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	joy	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	negative	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	positive	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	sadness	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	surprise	bloodthirsty
bloodthirsty	trust	bloodthirsty
crypt	anger	cripta
crypt	anticipation	de cripta
crypt	disgust	de cripta
crypt	fear	de cripta
crypt	joy	cripta
crypt	negative	de cripta
crypt	positive	de cripta
crypt	sadness	de cripta
crypt	surprise	cripta
crypt	trust	de cripta
shutter	anger	shutter
shutter	anticipation	shutter
shutter	disgust	shutter
shutter	fear	shutter
shutter	joy	shutter
shutter	negative	shutter
shutter	positive	shutter
shutter	sadness	shutter
shutter	surprise	shutter
shutter	trust	shutter
gold	anger	oro
gold	anticipation	de oro
gold	disgust	de oro
gold	fear	de oro
gold	joy	oro
gold	negative	de oro
gold	positive	de oro
gold	sadness	de oro
gold	surprise	oro
gold	trust	de oro
unwittingly	anger	unwittingly
unwittingly	anticipation	unwittingly
unwittingly	disgust	unwittingly
unwittingly	fear	unwittingly
unwittingly	joy	unwittingly
unwittingly	negative	unwittingly
unwittingly	positive	unwittingly
unwittingly	sadness	unwittingly
unwittingly	surprise	unwittingly
unwittingly	trust	unwittingly
forage	anger	forage
forage	anticipation	forage
forage	disgust	forage
forage	fear	forage
forage	joy	forage
forage	negative	forage
forage	positive	forage
forage	sadness	forage
forage	surprise	forage
forage	trust	forage
dreadfully	anger	dreadfully
dreadfully	anticipation	dreadfully
dreadfully	disgust	dreadfully
dreadfully	fear	dreadfully
dreadfully	joy	dreadfully
dreadfully	negative	dreadfully
dreadfully	positive	dreadfully
dreadfully	sadness	dreadfully
dreadfully	surprise	dreadfully
dreadfully	trust	dreadfully
rote	anger	rote
rote	anticipation	rote
rote	disgust	rote
rote	fear	rote
rote	joy	rote
rote	negative	rote
rote	positive	rote
rote	sadness	rote
rote	surprise	rote
rote	trust	rote
pacify	anger	pacificar
pacify	anticipation	pacificar
pacify	disgust	pacificar
pacify	fear	pacificar
pacify	joy	pacificar
pacify	negative	pacificar
pacify	positive	pacificar
pacify	sadness	pacificar
pacify	surprise	pacificar
pacify	trust	pacificar
assent	anger	asentimiento
assent	anticipation	de asentimiento
assent	disgust	de asentimiento
assent	fear	de asentimiento
assent	joy	asentimiento
assent	negative	de asentimiento
assent	positive	de asentimiento
assent	sadness	de asentimiento
assent	surprise	asentimiento
assent	trust	de asentimiento
ejection	anger	ejection
ejection	anticipation	ejection
ejection	disgust	ejection
ejection	fear	ejection
ejection	joy	ejection
ejection	negative	ejection
ejection	positive	ejection
ejection	sadness	ejection
ejection	surprise	ejection
ejection	trust	ejection
poster	anger	cartel
poster	anticipation	de cartel
poster	disgust	de cartel
poster	fear	de cartel
poster	joy	cartel
poster	negative	de cartel
poster	positive	de cartel
poster	sadness	de cartel
poster	surprise	cartel
poster	trust	de cartel
unlike	anger	a diferencia de diferente
unlike	anticipation	
unlike	disgust	a diferencia de diferente
unlike	fear	
unlike	joy	a diferencia de diferente
unlike	negative	
unlike	positive	a diferencia de diferente
unlike	sadness	
unlike	surprise	a diferencia de fraude
unlike	trust	
fraud	anger	de fraude
fraud	anticipation	de fraude
fraud	disgust	diferente
fraud	fear	fraude
fraud	joy	de fraude
fraud	negative	de fraude
fraud	positive	de fraude
fraud	sadness	fraude
fraud	surprise	de fraude
fraud	trust	del fraude
waterproof	anger	impermeable
waterproof	anticipation	impermeable
waterproof	disgust	impermeable
waterproof	fear	impermeable
waterproof	joy	impermeable
waterproof	negative	impermeable
waterproof	positive	impermeable
waterproof	sadness	impermeable
waterproof	surprise	impermeable
waterproof	trust	impermeable
retain	anger	retener
retain	anticipation	retener
retain	disgust	retener
retain	fear	retener
retain	joy	retener
retain	negative	retener
retain	positive	retener
retain	sadness	retener
retain	surprise	retener
retain	trust	retener
sophomore	anger	sophomore
sophomore	anticipation	sophomore
sophomore	disgust	sophomore
sophomore	fear	sophomore
sophomore	joy	sophomore
sophomore	negative	sophomore
sophomore	positive	sophomore
sophomore	sadness	sophomore
sophomore	surprise	sophomore
sophomore	trust	sophomore
loneliness	anger	loneliness
loneliness	anticipation	loneliness
loneliness	disgust	loneliness
loneliness	fear	loneliness
loneliness	joy	loneliness
loneliness	negative	loneliness
loneliness	positive	loneliness
loneliness	sadness	loneliness
loneliness	surprise	loneliness
loneliness	trust	loneliness
controversy	anger	controversia
controversy	anticipation	de controversia
controversy	disgust	de controversia
controversy	fear	de controversia
controversy	joy	controversia
controversy	negative	de controversia
controversy	positive	de controversia
controversy	sadness	de controversia
controversy	surprise	doctrina
controversy	trust	de doctrina
doctrine	anger	de controversia
doctrine	anticipation	de controversia
doctrine	disgust	doctrina
doctrine	fear	de doctrina
doctrine	joy	de doctrina
doctrine	negative	de doctrina
doctrine	positive	doctrina
doctrine	sadness	de doctrina
doctrine	surprise	de doctrina
doctrine	trust	de doctrina
vaccination	anger	vaccination
vaccination	anticipation	vaccination
vaccination	disgust	vaccination
vaccination	fear	vaccination
vaccination	joy	vaccination
vaccination	negative	vaccination
vaccination	positive	vaccination
vaccination	sadness	vaccination
vaccination	surprise	vaccination
vaccination	trust	vaccination
singer	anger	cantante
singer	anticipation	de cantante
singer	disgust	de cantante
singer	fear	de cantante
singer	joy	cantante
singer	negative	de cantante
singer	positive	de cantante
singer	sadness	de cantante
singer	surprise	cantante
singer	trust	de cantante
seventy	anger	setenta
seventy	anticipation	setenta
seventy	disgust	setenta
seventy	fear	setenta
seventy	joy	setenta
seventy	negative	setenta
seventy	positive	setenta
seventy	sadness	setenta
seventy	surprise	setenta
seventy	trust	setenta
melt	anger	funde
melt	anticipation	fundir
melt	disgust	fundir
melt	fear	fundir
melt	joy	fundir
melt	negative	fundir
melt	positive	fundir
melt	sadness	fundir
melt	surprise	fundir
melt	trust	fundir
resultant	anger	resultante
resultant	anticipation	resultante
resultant	disgust	resultante
resultant	fear	resultante
resultant	joy	resultante
resultant	negative	resultante
resultant	positive	resultante
resultant	sadness	resultante
resultant	surprise	resultante
resultant	trust	resultante
magnifier	anger	magnifier
magnifier	anticipation	magnifier
magnifier	disgust	magnifier
magnifier	fear	magnifier
magnifier	joy	magnifier
magnifier	negative	magnifier
magnifier	positive	magnifier
magnifier	sadness	magnifier
magnifier	surprise	magnifier
magnifier	trust	magnifier
chance	anger	posibilidad
chance	anticipation	de posibilidad
chance	disgust	de posibilidad
chance	fear	de posibilidad
chance	joy	posibilidad
chance	negative	de posibilidad
chance	positive	de posibilidad
chance	sadness	de posibilidad
chance	surprise	posibilidad
chance	trust	de posibilidad
recuperation	anger	recuperation
recuperation	anticipation	recuperation
recuperation	disgust	recuperation
recuperation	fear	recuperation
recuperation	joy	recuperation
recuperation	negative	recuperation
recuperation	positive	recuperation
recuperation	sadness	recuperation
recuperation	surprise	recuperation
recuperation	trust	recuperation
eve	anger	eve
eve	anticipation	eve
eve	disgust	eve
eve	fear	eve
eve	joy	eve
eve	negative	eve
eve	positive	eve
eve	sadness	eve
eve	surprise	eve
eve	trust	eve
scoop	anger	exclusiva
scoop	anticipation	de exclusiva
scoop	disgust	de exclusiva
scoop	fear	de exclusiva
scoop	joy	exclusiva
scoop	negative	de exclusiva
scoop	positive	de exclusiva
scoop	sadness	de exclusiva
scoop	surprise	exclusiva
scoop	trust	de exclusiva
pernicious	anger	pernicious
pernicious	anticipation	pernicious
pernicious	disgust	pernicious
pernicious	fear	pernicious
pernicious	joy	pernicious
pernicious	negative	pernicious
pernicious	positive	pernicious
pernicious	sadness	pernicious
pernicious	surprise	pernicious
pernicious	trust	pernicious
glade	anger	glade
glade	anticipation	glade
glade	disgust	glade
glade	fear	glade
glade	joy	glade
glade	negative	glade
glade	positive	glade
glade	sadness	glade
glade	surprise	glade
glade	trust	glade
instant	anger	instante
instant	anticipation	de instante
instant	disgust	de instante
instant	fear	de instante
instant	joy	instante
instant	negative	de instante
instant	positive	de instante
instant	sadness	de instante
instant	surprise	instante
instant	trust	de instante
alluvial	anger	aluvial
alluvial	anticipation	aluvial
alluvial	disgust	aluvial
alluvial	fear	aluvial
alluvial	joy	aluvial
alluvial	negative	aluvial
alluvial	positive	aluvial
alluvial	sadness	aluvial
alluvial	surprise	aluvial
alluvial	trust	aluvial
stormy	anger	tormentoso
stormy	anticipation	tormentoso
stormy	disgust	tormentoso
stormy	fear	tormentoso
stormy	joy	tormentoso
stormy	negative	tormentoso
stormy	positive	tormentoso
stormy	sadness	catástrofe
stormy	surprise	de catástrofe
stormy	trust	tormentosa
catastrophe	anger	tormentosa
catastrophe	anticipation	tormentosa
catastrophe	disgust	catástrofe
catastrophe	fear	de catástrofe
catastrophe	joy	de catástrofe
catastrophe	negative	de catástrofe
catastrophe	positive	catástrofe
catastrophe	sadness	de catástrofe
catastrophe	surprise	de catástrofe
catastrophe	trust	de catástrofe
vehement	anger	vehemente
vehement	anticipation	vehemente
vehement	disgust	vehemente
vehement	fear	vehemente
vehement	joy	vehemente
vehement	negative	vehemente
vehement	positive	vehemente
vehement	sadness	mayoría
vehement	surprise	de mayoría
vehement	trust	vehemente
majority	anger	vehemente
majority	anticipation	vehemente
majority	disgust	mayoría
majority	fear	de mayoría
majority	joy	de mayoría
majority	negative	de mayoría
majority	positive	mayoría
majority	sadness	de mayoría
majority	surprise	de mayoría
majority	trust	de mayoría
tablespoon	anger	tablespoon
tablespoon	anticipation	tablespoon
tablespoon	disgust	tablespoon
tablespoon	fear	tablespoon
tablespoon	joy	tablespoon
tablespoon	negative	tablespoon
tablespoon	positive	tablespoon
tablespoon	sadness	tablespoon
tablespoon	surprise	tablespoon
tablespoon	trust	tablespoon
imagery	anger	imaginería
imagery	anticipation	de imaginería
imagery	disgust	de imaginería
imagery	fear	de imaginería
imagery	joy	imaginería
imagery	negative	de imaginería
imagery	positive	de imaginería
imagery	sadness	de imaginería
imagery	surprise	imaginería
imagery	trust	de imaginería
cinematographer	anger	cinematographer
cinematographer	anticipation	cinematographer
cinematographer	disgust	cinematographer
cinematographer	fear	cinematographer
cinematographer	joy	cinematographer
cinematographer	negative	cinematographer
cinematographer	positive	cinematographer
cinematographer	sadness	cinematographer
cinematographer	surprise	cinematographer
cinematographer	trust	cinematographer
glue	anger	pegamento
glue	anticipation	de pegamento
glue	disgust	de pegamento
glue	fear	de pegamento
glue	joy	pegamento
glue	negative	de pegamento
glue	positive	de pegamento
glue	sadness	de pegamento
glue	surprise	pegamento
glue	trust	de pegamento
carry	anger	lleva
carry	anticipation	llevar
carry	disgust	llevar
carry	fear	llevar
carry	joy	llevar
carry	negative	llevar
carry	positive	llevar
carry	sadness	llevar
carry	surprise	llevar
carry	trust	llevar
pinion	anger	pinion
pinion	anticipation	pinion
pinion	disgust	pinion
pinion	fear	pinion
pinion	joy	pinion
pinion	negative	pinion
pinion	positive	pinion
pinion	sadness	pinion
pinion	surprise	pinion
pinion	trust	pinion
spirit	anger	espíritu
spirit	anticipation	de espíritu
spirit	disgust	de espíritu
spirit	fear	de espíritu
spirit	joy	espíritu
spirit	negative	de espíritu
spirit	positive	de espíritu
spirit	sadness	de espíritu
spirit	surprise	espíritu
spirit	trust	de espíritu
scout	anger	scout
scout	anticipation	scout
scout	disgust	scout
scout	fear	scout
scout	joy	scout
scout	negative	scout
scout	positive	scout
scout	sadness	scout
scout	surprise	scout
scout	trust	scout
treasure	anger	tesoro
treasure	anticipation	de tesoro
treasure	disgust	de tesoro
treasure	fear	de tesoro
treasure	joy	tesoro
treasure	negative	de tesoro
treasure	positive	de tesoro
treasure	sadness	de tesoro
treasure	surprise	tesoro
treasure	trust	de tesoro
renter	anger	renter
renter	anticipation	renter
renter	disgust	renter
renter	fear	renter
renter	joy	renter
renter	negative	renter
renter	positive	renter
renter	sadness	renter
renter	surprise	renter
renter	trust	renter
instance	anger	caso
instance	anticipation	de caso
instance	disgust	de caso
instance	fear	de caso
instance	joy	caso
instance	negative	de caso
instance	positive	de caso
instance	sadness	de caso
instance	surprise	caso
instance	trust	de caso
delirious	anger	delirious
delirious	anticipation	delirious
delirious	disgust	delirious
delirious	fear	delirious
delirious	joy	delirious
delirious	negative	delirious
delirious	positive	delirious
delirious	sadness	delirious
delirious	surprise	delirious
delirious	trust	delirious
simply	anger	sencillamente
simply	anticipation	sencillamente
simply	disgust	sencillamente
simply	fear	sencillamente
simply	joy	sencillamente
simply	negative	sencillamente
simply	positive	sencillamente
simply	sadness	sencillamente
simply	surprise	sencillamente
simply	trust	sencillamente
commit	anger	cometer
commit	anticipation	cometer
commit	disgust	cometer
commit	fear	cometer
commit	joy	cometer
commit	negative	cometer
commit	positive	cometer
commit	sadness	cometer
commit	surprise	cometer
commit	trust	cometer
oscillate	anger	oscilar
oscillate	anticipation	oscilar
oscillate	disgust	oscilar
oscillate	fear	oscilar
oscillate	joy	oscilar
oscillate	negative	oscilar
oscillate	positive	oscilar
oscillate	sadness	oscilar
oscillate	surprise	oscilar
oscillate	trust	oscilar
heather	anger	heather
heather	anticipation	heather
heather	disgust	heather
heather	fear	heather
heather	joy	heather
heather	negative	heather
heather	positive	heather
heather	sadness	heather
heather	surprise	heather
heather	trust	heather
bitterness	anger	amargura
bitterness	anticipation	de amargura
bitterness	disgust	de amargura
bitterness	fear	de amargura
bitterness	joy	amargura
bitterness	negative	de amargura
bitterness	positive	de amargura
bitterness	sadness	de amargura
bitterness	surprise	amargura
bitterness	trust	de amargura
superposition	anger	superposition
superposition	anticipation	superposition
superposition	disgust	superposition
superposition	fear	superposition
superposition	joy	superposition
superposition	negative	superposition
superposition	positive	superposition
superposition	sadness	superposition
superposition	surprise	superposition
superposition	trust	superposition
strangle	anger	strangle
strangle	anticipation	strangle
strangle	disgust	strangle
strangle	fear	strangle
strangle	joy	strangle
strangle	negative	strangle
strangle	positive	strangle
strangle	sadness	strangle
strangle	surprise	strangle
strangle	trust	strangle
tube	anger	tubo
tube	anticipation	de tubo
tube	disgust	de tubo
tube	fear	de tubo
tube	joy	tubo
tube	negative	de tubo
tube	positive	de tubo
tube	sadness	de tubo
tube	surprise	tubo
tube	trust	de tubo
assign	anger	asigna
assign	anticipation	asignar
assign	disgust	asignar
assign	fear	asignar
assign	joy	asignar
assign	negative	asignar
assign	positive	asignar
assign	sadness	asignar
assign	surprise	asignar
assign	trust	asignar
wen	anger	wen
wen	anticipation	wen
wen	disgust	wen
wen	fear	wen
wen	joy	wen
wen	negative	wen
wen	positive	wen
wen	sadness	wen
wen	surprise	wen
wen	trust	wen
undeserved	anger	undeserved
undeserved	anticipation	undeserved
undeserved	disgust	undeserved
undeserved	fear	undeserved
undeserved	joy	undeserved
undeserved	negative	undeserved
undeserved	positive	undeserved
undeserved	sadness	undeserved
undeserved	surprise	undeserved
undeserved	trust	undeserved
theorem	anger	teorema
theorem	anticipation	de teorema
theorem	disgust	de teorema
theorem	fear	de teorema
theorem	joy	teorema
theorem	negative	de teorema
theorem	positive	de teorema
theorem	sadness	de teorema
theorem	surprise	teorema
theorem	trust	de teorema
guilt	anger	guilt
guilt	anticipation	guilt
guilt	disgust	guilt
guilt	fear	guilt
guilt	joy	guilt
guilt	negative	guilt
guilt	positive	guilt
guilt	sadness	guilt
guilt	surprise	guilt
guilt	trust	guilt
reconstruction	anger	reconstrucción
reconstruction	anticipation	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	disgust	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	fear	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	joy	reconstrucción
reconstruction	negative	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	positive	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	sadness	de reconstrucción
reconstruction	surprise	citas
reconstruction	trust	de citas
appointments	anger	de reconstrucción
appointments	anticipation	de reconstrucción
appointments	disgust	citas
appointments	fear	de citas
appointments	joy	de citas
appointments	negative	de citas
appointments	positive	citas
appointments	sadness	de citas
appointments	surprise	de citas
appointments	trust	de citas
objection	anger	objeción
objection	anticipation	de objeción
objection	disgust	de objeción
objection	fear	de objeción
objection	joy	objeción
objection	negative	de objeción
objection	positive	de objeción
objection	sadness	de objeción
objection	surprise	objeción
objection	trust	de objeción
proviso	anger	proviso
proviso	anticipation	proviso
proviso	disgust	proviso
proviso	fear	proviso
proviso	joy	proviso
proviso	negative	proviso
proviso	positive	proviso
proviso	sadness	proviso
proviso	surprise	proviso
proviso	trust	proviso
edition	anger	edición
edition	anticipation	de edición
edition	disgust	de edición
edition	fear	de edición
edition	joy	edición
edition	negative	de edición
edition	positive	de edición
edition	sadness	de edición
edition	surprise	presidencia
edition	trust	de presidencia
presidency	anger	de edición
presidency	anticipation	de edición
presidency	disgust	presidencia
presidency	fear	de presidencia
presidency	joy	de presidencia
presidency	negative	de presidencia
presidency	positive	presidencia
presidency	sadness	de presidencia
presidency	surprise	de presidencia
presidency	trust	de presidencia
nomination	anger	nombramiento
nomination	anticipation	de nombramiento
nomination	disgust	de nombramiento
nomination	fear	de nombramiento
nomination	joy	nombramiento
nomination	negative	de nombramiento
nomination	positive	de nombramiento
nomination	sadness	de nombramiento
nomination	surprise	certeza
nomination	trust	de certeza
certainty	anger	de nombramiento
certainty	anticipation	de nombramiento
certainty	disgust	certeza
certainty	fear	de certeza
certainty	joy	de certeza
certainty	negative	de certeza
certainty	positive	certeza
certainty	sadness	de certeza
certainty	surprise	de certeza
certainty	trust	de certeza que
dealing	anger	trata
dealing	anticipation	tratando
dealing	disgust	tratando
dealing	fear	tratando
dealing	joy	tratando
dealing	negative	tratando
dealing	positive	tratando
dealing	sadness	tratando
dealing	surprise	tratando
dealing	trust	tratando
conjunction	anger	conjunción
conjunction	anticipation	de conjunción
conjunction	disgust	de conjunción
conjunction	fear	de conjunción
conjunction	joy	conjunción
conjunction	negative	de conjunción
conjunction	positive	de conjunción
conjunction	sadness	de conjunción
conjunction	surprise	rigidez
conjunction	trust	de rigidez
rigidity	anger	de conjunción
rigidity	anticipation	de conjunción
rigidity	disgust	rigidez
rigidity	fear	de rigidez
rigidity	joy	de rigidez
rigidity	negative	de rigidez
rigidity	positive	rigidez
rigidity	sadness	de rigidez
rigidity	surprise	de rigidez
rigidity	trust	de rigidez que
existing	anger	existe
existing	anticipation	existiendo
existing	disgust	existiendo
existing	fear	existiendo
existing	joy	existiendo
existing	negative	existiendo
existing	positive	existiendo
existing	sadness	existiendo
existing	surprise	existiendo
existing	trust	existiendo
traces	anger	los rastros
traces	anticipation	localiza
traces	disgust	los rastros
traces	fear	localiza
traces	joy	los rastros
traces	negative	localiza
traces	positive	los rastros
traces	sadness	localiza
traces	surprise	los rastros
traces	trust	localiza
incisive	anger	incisivos
incisive	anticipation	incisivos
incisive	disgust	incisivos
incisive	fear	incisivos
incisive	joy	incisivos
incisive	negative	incisivos
incisive	positive	incisivos
incisive	sadness	pito
incisive	surprise	de pito
incisive	trust	incisivo
whistle	anger	incisivo
whistle	anticipation	incisivo
whistle	disgust	pito
whistle	fear	de pito
whistle	joy	de pito
whistle	negative	de pito
whistle	positive	pito
whistle	sadness	de pito
whistle	surprise	de pito
whistle	trust	de pito
reside	anger	reside
reside	anticipation	residir
reside	disgust	residir
reside	fear	residir
reside	joy	residir
reside	negative	residir
reside	positive	residir
reside	sadness	residir
reside	surprise	residir
reside	trust	residir
nullify	anger	nullify
nullify	anticipation	nullify
nullify	disgust	nullify
nullify	fear	nullify
nullify	joy	nullify
nullify	negative	nullify
nullify	positive	nullify
nullify	sadness	nullify
nullify	surprise	nullify
nullify	trust	nullify
hemorrhoids	anger	hemorroides
hemorrhoids	anticipation	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	disgust	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	fear	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	joy	hemorroides
hemorrhoids	negative	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	positive	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	sadness	de hemorroides
hemorrhoids	surprise	hemorroides
hemorrhoids	trust	de hemorroides
racket	anger	racket
racket	anticipation	racket
racket	disgust	racket
racket	fear	racket
racket	joy	racket
racket	negative	racket
racket	positive	racket
racket	sadness	racket
racket	surprise	racket
racket	trust	racket
venue	anger	local
venue	anticipation	de local
venue	disgust	de local
venue	fear	de local
venue	joy	local
venue	negative	de local
venue	positive	de local
venue	sadness	de local
venue	surprise	local
venue	trust	de local
exterior	anger	exterior
exterior	anticipation	exterior
exterior	disgust	exterior
exterior	fear	exterior
exterior	joy	exterior
exterior	negative	exterior
exterior	positive	exterior
exterior	sadness	agradecimiento
exterior	surprise	de agradecimiento
exterior	trust	exterior
appreciation	anger	exterior
appreciation	anticipation	exterior
appreciation	disgust	agradecimiento
appreciation	fear	de agradecimiento
appreciation	joy	de agradecimiento
appreciation	negative	de agradecimiento
appreciation	positive	agradecimiento
appreciation	sadness	de agradecimiento
appreciation	surprise	de agradecimiento
appreciation	trust	de agradecimiento
vest	anger	chaleco
vest	anticipation	de chaleco
vest	disgust	de chaleco
vest	fear	de chaleco
vest	joy	chaleco
vest	negative	de chaleco
vest	positive	de chaleco
vest	sadness	de chaleco
vest	surprise	chaleco
vest	trust	de chaleco
gawk	anger	gawk
gawk	anticipation	gawk
gawk	disgust	gawk
gawk	fear	gawk
gawk	joy	gawk
gawk	negative	gawk
gawk	positive	gawk
gawk	sadness	gawk
gawk	surprise	gawk
gawk	trust	gawk
confinement	anger	confinamiento
confinement	anticipation	de confinamiento
confinement	disgust	de confinamiento
confinement	fear	de confinamiento
confinement	joy	confinamiento
confinement	negative	de confinamiento
confinement	positive	de confinamiento
confinement	sadness	de confinamiento
confinement	surprise	confinamiento
confinement	trust	de confinamiento
ellipsis	anger	ellipsis
ellipsis	anticipation	ellipsis
ellipsis	disgust	ellipsis
ellipsis	fear	ellipsis
ellipsis	joy	ellipsis
ellipsis	negative	ellipsis
ellipsis	positive	ellipsis
ellipsis	sadness	ellipsis
ellipsis	surprise	ellipsis
ellipsis	trust	ellipsis
protocol	anger	protocolo
protocol	anticipation	de protocolo
protocol	disgust	de protocolo
protocol	fear	de protocolo
protocol	joy	protocolo
protocol	negative	de protocolo
protocol	positive	de protocolo
protocol	sadness	de protocolo
protocol	surprise	abogado
protocol	trust	de abogado
attorney	anger	de protocolo
attorney	anticipation	de protocolo
attorney	disgust	abogado
attorney	fear	de abogado
attorney	joy	de abogado
attorney	negative	de abogado
attorney	positive	abogado
attorney	sadness	de abogado
attorney	surprise	de abogado
attorney	trust	de abogado
reprisal	anger	represalia
reprisal	anticipation	de represalia
reprisal	disgust	de represalia
reprisal	fear	de represalia
reprisal	joy	represalia
reprisal	negative	de represalia
reprisal	positive	de represalia
reprisal	sadness	de represalia
reprisal	surprise	vasos
reprisal	trust	de vasos
glasses	anger	de represalia
glasses	anticipation	de represalia
glasses	disgust	vasos
glasses	fear	de vasos
glasses	joy	de vasos
glasses	negative	de vasos
glasses	positive	vasos
glasses	sadness	de vasos
glasses	surprise	de vasos
glasses	trust	de vasos
ethical	anger	éticos
ethical	anticipation	éticos
ethical	disgust	éticos
ethical	fear	éticos
ethical	joy	éticos
ethical	negative	éticos
ethical	positive	éticos
ethical	sadness	éticos
ethical	surprise	éticos
ethical	trust	éticos
detonate	anger	detonar
detonate	anticipation	detonar
detonate	disgust	detonar
detonate	fear	detonar
detonate	joy	detonar
detonate	negative	detonar
detonate	positive	detonar
detonate	sadness	detonar
detonate	surprise	detonar
detonate	trust	detonar
interdependent	anger	interdependiente
interdependent	anticipation	interdependiente
interdependent	disgust	interdependiente
interdependent	fear	interdependiente
interdependent	joy	interdependiente
interdependent	negative	interdependiente
interdependent	positive	interdependiente
interdependent	sadness	interdependiente
interdependent	surprise	interdependiente
interdependent	trust	interdependiente
aspire	anger	aspirar
aspire	anticipation	aspirar
aspire	disgust	aspirar
aspire	fear	aspirar
aspire	joy	aspirar
aspire	negative	aspirar
aspire	positive	aspirar
aspire	sadness	aspirar
aspire	surprise	aspirar
aspire	trust	aspirar
swivel	anger	swivel
swivel	anticipation	swivel
swivel	disgust	swivel
swivel	fear	swivel
swivel	joy	swivel
swivel	negative	swivel
swivel	positive	swivel
swivel	sadness	swivel
swivel	surprise	swivel
swivel	trust	swivel
precursor	anger	precursor
precursor	anticipation	de precursor
precursor	disgust	de precursor
precursor	fear	de precursor
precursor	joy	precursor
precursor	negative	de precursor
precursor	positive	de precursor
precursor	sadness	de precursor
precursor	surprise	farmacología
precursor	trust	de farmacología
pharmacology	anger	de precursor
pharmacology	anticipation	de precursor
pharmacology	disgust	farmacología
pharmacology	fear	de farmacología
pharmacology	joy	de farmacología
pharmacology	negative	de farmacología
pharmacology	positive	farmacología
pharmacology	sadness	de farmacología
pharmacology	surprise	de farmacología
pharmacology	trust	de farmacología
mouse	anger	ratón
mouse	anticipation	de ratón
mouse	disgust	de ratón
mouse	fear	de ratón
mouse	joy	ratón
mouse	negative	de ratón
mouse	positive	de ratón
mouse	sadness	de ratón
mouse	surprise	guardián
mouse	trust	de guardián
guardian	anger	de ratón
guardian	anticipation	de ratón
guardian	disgust	guardián
guardian	fear	de guardián
guardian	joy	de guardián
guardian	negative	de guardián
guardian	positive	guardián
guardian	sadness	de guardián
guardian	surprise	de guardián
guardian	trust	de guardián
catabolism	anger	catabolismo
catabolism	anticipation	de catabolismo
catabolism	disgust	de catabolismo
catabolism	fear	de catabolismo
catabolism	joy	catabolismo
catabolism	negative	de catabolismo
catabolism	positive	de catabolismo
catabolism	sadness	de catabolismo
catabolism	surprise	catabolismo
catabolism	trust	de catabolismo
asp	anger	asp
asp	anticipation	asp
asp	disgust	asp
asp	fear	asp
asp	joy	asp
asp	negative	asp
asp	positive	asp
asp	sadness	asp
asp	surprise	asp
asp	trust	asp
sister	anger	hermana
sister	anticipation	de hermana
sister	disgust	de hermana
sister	fear	de hermana
sister	joy	hermana
sister	negative	de hermana
sister	positive	de hermana
sister	sadness	de hermana
sister	surprise	hermana
sister	trust	de hermana
lilac	anger	lila
lilac	anticipation	lila
lilac	disgust	lila
lilac	fear	lila
lilac	joy	lila
lilac	negative	lila
lilac	positive	lila
lilac	sadness	lila
lilac	surprise	lila
lilac	trust	lila
blower	anger	blower
blower	anticipation	blower
blower	disgust	blower
blower	fear	blower
blower	joy	blower
blower	negative	blower
blower	positive	blower
blower	sadness	blower
blower	surprise	blower
blower	trust	blower
incitement	anger	incitement
incitement	anticipation	incitement
incitement	disgust	incitement
incitement	fear	incitement
incitement	joy	incitement
incitement	negative	incitement
incitement	positive	incitement
incitement	sadness	incitement
incitement	surprise	incitement
incitement	trust	incitement
convexity	anger	convexidad
convexity	anticipation	de convexidad
convexity	disgust	de convexidad
convexity	fear	de convexidad
convexity	joy	convexidad
convexity	negative	de convexidad
convexity	positive	de convexidad
convexity	sadness	de convexidad
convexity	surprise	convexidad
convexity	trust	de convexidad
intelligent	anger	inteligente
intelligent	anticipation	inteligente
intelligent	disgust	inteligente
intelligent	fear	inteligente
intelligent	joy	inteligente
intelligent	negative	inteligente
intelligent	positive	inteligente
intelligent	sadness	inteligente
intelligent	surprise	inteligente
intelligent	trust	inteligente
stump	anger	stump
stump	anticipation	stump
stump	disgust	stump
stump	fear	stump
stump	joy	stump
stump	negative	stump
stump	positive	stump
stump	sadness	stump
stump	surprise	stump
stump	trust	stump
pseudonym	anger	pseudonym
pseudonym	anticipation	pseudonym
pseudonym	disgust	pseudonym
pseudonym	fear	pseudonym
pseudonym	joy	pseudonym
pseudonym	negative	pseudonym
pseudonym	positive	pseudonym
pseudonym	sadness	pseudonym
pseudonym	surprise	pseudonym
pseudonym	trust	pseudonym
readership	anger	lectores
readership	anticipation	de lectores
readership	disgust	de lectores
readership	fear	de lectores
readership	joy	lectores
readership	negative	de lectores
readership	positive	de lectores
readership	sadness	de lectores
readership	surprise	lectores
readership	trust	de lectores
astonishingly	anger	asombrosamente
astonishingly	anticipation	asombrosamente
astonishingly	disgust	asombrosamente
astonishingly	fear	asombrosamente
astonishingly	joy	asombrosamente
astonishingly	negative	asombrosamente
astonishingly	positive	asombrosamente
astonishingly	sadness	asombrosamente
astonishingly	surprise	asombrosamente
astonishingly	trust	asombrosamente
microscopic	anger	microscópicos
microscopic	anticipation	microscópicos
microscopic	disgust	microscópicos
microscopic	fear	microscópicos
microscopic	joy	microscópicos
microscopic	negative	microscópicos
microscopic	positive	microscópicos
microscopic	sadness	microscópicos
microscopic	surprise	microscópicos
microscopic	trust	microscópicos
explosive	anger	explosivos
explosive	anticipation	explosivos
explosive	disgust	explosivos
explosive	fear	explosivos
explosive	joy	explosivos
explosive	negative	explosivos
explosive	positive	explosivo
explosive	sadness	explosivo
explosive	surprise	explosivo
explosive	trust	explosivo
eleventh	anger	undécimo
eleventh	anticipation	undécimo
eleventh	disgust	undécimo
eleventh	fear	undécimo
eleventh	joy	undécimo
eleventh	negative	undécimo
eleventh	positive	undécimo
eleventh	sadness	undécimo
eleventh	surprise	undécimos
eleventh	trust	undécimos
works	anger	trabajos
works	anticipation	trabaja
works	disgust	los trabajos
works	fear	trabaja
works	joy	los trabajos
works	negative	trabaja
works	positive	los trabajos
works	sadness	trabaja
works	surprise	los trabajos
works	trust	trabaja
stomach	anger	estómago
stomach	anticipation	de estómago
stomach	disgust	de estómago
stomach	fear	de estómago
stomach	joy	estómago
stomach	negative	de estómago
stomach	positive	de estómago
stomach	sadness	de estómago
stomach	surprise	estómago
stomach	trust	de estómago
boldness	anger	boldness
boldness	anticipation	boldness
boldness	disgust	boldness
boldness	fear	boldness
boldness	joy	boldness
boldness	negative	boldness
boldness	positive	boldness
boldness	sadness	boldness
boldness	surprise	boldness
boldness	trust	boldness
saintly	anger	saintly
saintly	anticipation	saintly
saintly	disgust	saintly
saintly	fear	saintly
saintly	joy	saintly
saintly	negative	saintly
saintly	positive	saintly
saintly	sadness	saintly
saintly	surprise	saintly
saintly	trust	saintly
cream	anger	crema
cream	anticipation	de crema
cream	disgust	de crema
cream	fear	de crema
cream	joy	crema
cream	negative	de crema
cream	positive	de crema
cream	sadness	de crema
cream	surprise	genio
cream	trust	de genio
genius	anger	de crema
genius	anticipation	de crema
genius	disgust	genio
genius	fear	de genio
genius	joy	de genio
genius	negative	de genio
genius	positive	genio
genius	sadness	de genio
genius	surprise	de genio
genius	trust	de genio
inimical	anger	inimical
inimical	anticipation	inimical
inimical	disgust	inimical
inimical	fear	inimical
inimical	joy	inimical
inimical	negative	inimical
inimical	positive	inimical
inimical	sadness	inimical
inimical	surprise	inimical
inimical	trust	inimical
hang	anger	colgar
hang	anticipation	colgar
hang	disgust	colgar
hang	fear	colgar
hang	joy	colgar
hang	negative	colgar
hang	positive	colgar
hang	sadness	colgar
hang	surprise	colgar
hang	trust	colgar
highest	anger	más alto
highest	anticipation	más alto
highest	disgust	más alto
highest	fear	más alto
highest	joy	más alto
highest	negative	más alto
highest	positive	más alto
highest	sadness	más alto
highest	surprise	más alto
highest	trust	más alto
stinking	anger	apestando
stinking	anticipation	apestando
stinking	disgust	apestando
stinking	fear	apestando
stinking	joy	apestando
stinking	negative	apestando
stinking	positive	apestando
stinking	sadness	apestando
stinking	surprise	apestando
stinking	trust	apestando
fireball	anger	fireball
fireball	anticipation	fireball
fireball	disgust	fireball
fireball	fear	fireball
fireball	joy	fireball
fireball	negative	fireball
fireball	positive	fireball
fireball	sadness	fireball
fireball	surprise	fireball
fireball	trust	fireball
crossed	anger	cruzó
crossed	anticipation	cruzado
crossed	disgust	cruzó
crossed	fear	cruzado
crossed	joy	cruzó
crossed	negative	cruzado
crossed	positive	cruzó
crossed	sadness	cruzado
crossed	surprise	cruzó
crossed	trust	cruzado
peaceful	anger	pacífico
peaceful	anticipation	pacífico
peaceful	disgust	pacífico
peaceful	fear	pacífico
peaceful	joy	pacífico
peaceful	negative	pacífico
peaceful	positive	pacífico
peaceful	sadness	cosméticos
peaceful	surprise	de cosméticos
peaceful	trust	pacíficos
cosmetics	anger	pacíficos
cosmetics	anticipation	pacíficos
cosmetics	disgust	cosméticos
cosmetics	fear	de cosméticos
cosmetics	joy	de cosméticos
cosmetics	negative	de cosméticos
cosmetics	positive	cosméticos
cosmetics	sadness	de cosméticos
cosmetics	surprise	de cosméticos
cosmetics	trust	de cosméticos
thing	anger	cosa
thing	anticipation	de cosa
thing	disgust	de cosa
thing	fear	de cosa
thing	joy	cosa
thing	negative	de cosa
thing	positive	de cosa
thing	sadness	de cosa
thing	surprise	grandeza
thing	trust	de grandeza
greatness	anger	de cosa
greatness	anticipation	de cosa
greatness	disgust	grandeza
greatness	fear	de grandeza
greatness	joy	de grandeza
greatness	negative	de grandeza
greatness	positive	grandeza
greatness	sadness	de grandeza
greatness	surprise	de grandeza
greatness	trust	de grandeza
concours	anger	concours
concours	anticipation	concours
concours	disgust	concours
concours	fear	concours
concours	joy	concours
concours	negative	concours
concours	positive	concours
concours	sadness	concours
concours	surprise	concours
concours	trust	concours
jargon	anger	jerga
jargon	anticipation	de jerga
jargon	disgust	de jerga
jargon	fear	de jerga
jargon	joy	jerga
jargon	negative	de jerga
jargon	positive	de jerga
jargon	sadness	de jerga
jargon	surprise	reproducción
jargon	trust	de reproducción
reproduction	anger	de jerga
reproduction	anticipation	de jerga
reproduction	disgust	reproducción
reproduction	fear	de reproducción
reproduction	joy	de reproducción
reproduction	negative	de reproducción
reproduction	positive	reproducción
reproduction	sadness	de reproducción
reproduction	surprise	de reproducción
reproduction	trust	de reproducción
tinker	anger	tinker
tinker	anticipation	tinker
tinker	disgust	tinker
tinker	fear	tinker
tinker	joy	tinker
tinker	negative	tinker
tinker	positive	tinker
tinker	sadness	tinker
tinker	surprise	tinker
tinker	trust	tinker
praised	anger	alabó
praised	anticipation	alabado
praised	disgust	alabó
praised	fear	alabado
praised	joy	alabó
praised	negative	alabado
praised	positive	alabó
praised	sadness	alabado
praised	surprise	alabó
praised	trust	mantequilla
butter	anger	de mantequilla
butter	anticipation	de mantequilla
butter	disgust	alabada
butter	fear	mantequilla
butter	joy	de mantequilla
butter	negative	de mantequilla
butter	positive	de mantequilla
butter	sadness	mantequilla
butter	surprise	de mantequilla
butter	trust	de la mantequilla
doorbell	anger	doorbell
doorbell	anticipation	doorbell
doorbell	disgust	doorbell
doorbell	fear	doorbell
doorbell	joy	doorbell
doorbell	negative	doorbell
doorbell	positive	doorbell
doorbell	sadness	doorbell
doorbell	surprise	doorbell
doorbell	trust	doorbell
constrain	anger	apremiar
constrain	anticipation	apremiar
constrain	disgust	apremiar
constrain	fear	apremiar
constrain	joy	apremiar
constrain	negative	apremiar
constrain	positive	apremiar
constrain	sadness	apremiar
constrain	surprise	apremiar
constrain	trust	apremiar
listen	anger	escuchar
listen	anticipation	escuchar
listen	disgust	escuchar
listen	fear	escuchar
listen	joy	escuchar
listen	negative	escuchar
listen	positive	escuchar
listen	sadness	escuchar
listen	surprise	escuchar
listen	trust	escuchar
buttock	anger	nalga
buttock	anticipation	de nalga
buttock	disgust	de nalga
buttock	fear	de nalga
buttock	joy	nalga
buttock	negative	de nalga
buttock	positive	de nalga
buttock	sadness	de nalga
buttock	surprise	bocado
buttock	trust	de bocado
snack	anger	de nalga
snack	anticipation	de nalga
snack	disgust	bocado
snack	fear	de bocado
snack	joy	de bocado
snack	negative	de bocado
snack	positive	bocado
snack	sadness	de bocado
snack	surprise	de bocado
snack	trust	de bocado
pulpit	anger	púlpito
pulpit	anticipation	de púlpito
pulpit	disgust	de púlpito
pulpit	fear	de púlpito
pulpit	joy	púlpito
pulpit	negative	de púlpito
pulpit	positive	de púlpito
pulpit	sadness	de púlpito
pulpit	surprise	practicante
pulpit	trust	de practicante
practitioner	anger	de púlpito
practitioner	anticipation	de púlpito
practitioner	disgust	practicante
practitioner	fear	de practicante
practitioner	joy	de practicante
practitioner	negative	de practicante
practitioner	positive	practicante
practitioner	sadness	de practicante
practitioner	surprise	de practicante
practitioner	trust	de practicante
spectrum	anger	espectro
spectrum	anticipation	de espectro
spectrum	disgust	de espectro
spectrum	fear	de espectro
spectrum	joy	espectro
spectrum	negative	de espectro
spectrum	positive	de espectro
spectrum	sadness	de espectro
spectrum	surprise	espectro
spectrum	trust	de espectro
sheathing	anger	sheathing
sheathing	anticipation	sheathing
sheathing	disgust	sheathing
sheathing	fear	sheathing
sheathing	joy	sheathing
sheathing	negative	sheathing
sheathing	positive	sheathing
sheathing	sadness	sheathing
sheathing	surprise	sheathing
sheathing	trust	sheathing
bestow	anger	bestow
bestow	anticipation	bestow
bestow	disgust	bestow
bestow	fear	bestow
bestow	joy	bestow
bestow	negative	bestow
bestow	positive	bestow
bestow	sadness	bestow
bestow	surprise	bestow
bestow	trust	bestow
sunny	anger	soleado
sunny	anticipation	soleado
sunny	disgust	soleado
sunny	fear	soleado
sunny	joy	soleado
sunny	negative	soleado
sunny	positive	soleado
sunny	sadness	soleado
sunny	surprise	soleado
sunny	trust	soleado
blackness	anger	blackness
blackness	anticipation	blackness
blackness	disgust	blackness
blackness	fear	blackness
blackness	joy	blackness
blackness	negative	blackness
blackness	positive	blackness
blackness	sadness	blackness
blackness	surprise	blackness
blackness	trust	blackness
abominable	anger	abominable
abominable	anticipation	abominable
abominable	disgust	abominable
abominable	fear	abominable
abominable	joy	abominable
abominable	negative	abominable
abominable	positive	abominable
abominable	sadness	abominable
abominable	surprise	abominable
abominable	trust	abominable
folk	anger	folk
folk	anticipation	
folk	disgust	folk
folk	fear	folk
folk	joy	folk
folk	negative	folk
folk	positive	folk
folk	sadness	folk
folk	surprise	folk
folk	trust	folk
prescriptive	anger	folk
prescriptive	anticipation	preceptivo preceptivo
prescriptive	disgust	preceptivo
prescriptive	fear	preceptivo
prescriptive	joy	preceptivo
prescriptive	negative	preceptivo
prescriptive	positive	preceptivo
prescriptive	sadness	preceptivo
prescriptive	surprise	preceptivo
prescriptive	trust	preceptivo
flush	anger	flush
flush	anticipation	flush
flush	disgust	flush
flush	fear	flush
flush	joy	flush
flush	negative	flush
flush	positive	flush
flush	sadness	flush
flush	surprise	flush
flush	trust	flush
quits	anger	deja
quits	anticipation	deja
quits	disgust	deja
quits	fear	deja
quits	joy	deja
quits	negative	deja
quits	positive	deja
quits	sadness	deja
quits	surprise	deja
quits	trust	deja
centralization	anger	centralización
centralization	anticipation	de centralización
centralization	disgust	de centralización
centralization	fear	de centralización
centralization	joy	centralización
centralization	negative	de centralización
centralization	positive	de centralización
centralization	sadness	de centralización
centralization	surprise	centralización
centralization	trust	de centralización
mucous	anger	mucous
mucous	anticipation	mucous
mucous	disgust	mucous
mucous	fear	mucous
mucous	joy	mucous
mucous	negative	mucous
mucous	positive	mucous
mucous	sadness	mucous
mucous	surprise	mucous
mucous	trust	mucous
gazetteer	anger	gazetteer
gazetteer	anticipation	gazetteer
gazetteer	disgust	gazetteer
gazetteer	fear	gazetteer
gazetteer	joy	gazetteer
gazetteer	negative	gazetteer
gazetteer	positive	gazetteer
gazetteer	sadness	gazetteer
gazetteer	surprise	gazetteer
gazetteer	trust	gazetteer
shake	anger	sacudida
shake	anticipation	de sacudida
shake	disgust	de sacudida
shake	fear	de sacudida
shake	joy	sacudida
shake	negative	de sacudida
shake	positive	de sacudida
shake	sadness	de sacudida
shake	surprise	revólver
shake	trust	de revólver
revolver	anger	de sacudida
revolver	anticipation	de sacudida
revolver	disgust	revólver
revolver	fear	de revólver
revolver	joy	de revólver
revolver	negative	de revólver
revolver	positive	revólver
revolver	sadness	de revólver
revolver	surprise	de revólver
revolver	trust	de revólver
adept	anger	experto
adept	anticipation	experto
adept	disgust	experto
adept	fear	experto
adept	joy	experto
adept	negative	experto
adept	positive	experto
adept	sadness	experto
adept	surprise	experto
adept	trust	experto
circular	anger	circular
circular	anticipation	circular
circular	disgust	circular
circular	fear	circular
circular	joy	circular
circular	negative	circular
circular	positive	circular
circular	sadness	detonación
circular	surprise	de detonación
circular	trust	circular
detonation	anger	circular
detonation	anticipation	circular
detonation	disgust	detonación
detonation	fear	de detonación
detonation	joy	de detonación
detonation	negative	de detonación
detonation	positive	detonación
detonation	sadness	de detonación
detonation	surprise	de detonación
detonation	trust	de detonación
untie	anger	untie
untie	anticipation	untie
untie	disgust	untie
untie	fear	untie
untie	joy	untie
untie	negative	untie
untie	positive	untie
untie	sadness	untie
untie	surprise	untie
untie	trust	untie
digs	anger	cava
digs	anticipation	cava
digs	disgust	cava
digs	fear	cava
digs	joy	cava
digs	negative	cava
digs	positive	cava
digs	sadness	cava
digs	surprise	cava
digs	trust	cava
ridge	anger	ridge
ridge	anticipation	ridge
ridge	disgust	ridge
ridge	fear	ridge
ridge	joy	ridge
ridge	negative	ridge
ridge	positive	ridge
ridge	sadness	ridge
ridge	surprise	ridge
ridge	trust	ridge
proverb	anger	proverbio
proverb	anticipation	de proverbio
proverb	disgust	de proverbio
proverb	fear	de proverbio
proverb	joy	proverbio
proverb	negative	de proverbio
proverb	positive	de proverbio
proverb	sadness	de proverbio
proverb	surprise	proverbio
proverb	trust	de proverbio
lac	anger	lac
lac	anticipation	lac
lac	disgust	lac
lac	fear	lac
lac	joy	lac
lac	negative	lac
lac	positive	lac
lac	sadness	lac
lac	surprise	lac
lac	trust	lac
football	anger	fútbol
football	anticipation	de fútbol
football	disgust	de fútbol
football	fear	de fútbol
football	joy	fútbol
football	negative	de fútbol
football	positive	de fútbol
football	sadness	de fútbol
football	surprise	fútbol
football	trust	de fútbol
recoverable	anger	recuperable
recoverable	anticipation	recuperable
recoverable	disgust	recuperable
recoverable	fear	recuperable
recoverable	joy	recuperable
recoverable	negative	recuperable
recoverable	positive	recuperable
recoverable	sadness	invención
recoverable	surprise	de invención
recoverable	trust	recuperable
invention	anger	recuperable
invention	anticipation	recuperable
invention	disgust	invención
invention	fear	de invención
invention	joy	de invención
invention	negative	de invención
invention	positive	invención
invention	sadness	de invención
invention	surprise	de invención
invention	trust	de invención
rend	anger	rend
rend	anticipation	rend
rend	disgust	rend
rend	fear	rend
rend	joy	rend
rend	negative	rend
rend	positive	rend
rend	sadness	rend
rend	surprise	rend
rend	trust	rend
lap	anger	lapidar
lap	anticipation	lapidar
lap	disgust	lapidar
lap	fear	lapidar
lap	joy	lapidar
lap	negative	lapidar
lap	positive	lapidar
lap	sadness	lapidar
lap	surprise	lapidar
lap	trust	lapidar
ridicule	anger	ridiculizar
ridicule	anticipation	ridiculizar
ridicule	disgust	ridiculizar
ridicule	fear	ridiculizar
ridicule	joy	ridiculizar
ridicule	negative	ridiculizar
ridicule	positive	ridiculizar
ridicule	sadness	ridiculizar
ridicule	surprise	ridiculizar
ridicule	trust	ridiculizar
bindery	anger	bindery
bindery	anticipation	bindery
bindery	disgust	bindery
bindery	fear	bindery
bindery	joy	bindery
bindery	negative	bindery
bindery	positive	bindery
bindery	sadness	bindery
bindery	surprise	bindery
bindery	trust	bindery
ugliness	anger	fealdad
ugliness	anticipation	de fealdad
ugliness	disgust	de fealdad
ugliness	fear	de fealdad
ugliness	joy	fealdad
ugliness	negative	de fealdad
ugliness	positive	de fealdad
ugliness	sadness	de fealdad
ugliness	surprise	kilómetro
ugliness	trust	de kilómetro
kilometer	anger	de fealdad
kilometer	anticipation	de fealdad
kilometer	disgust	kilómetro
kilometer	fear	de kilómetro
kilometer	joy	de kilómetro
kilometer	negative	de kilómetro
kilometer	positive	kilómetro
kilometer	sadness	de kilómetro
kilometer	surprise	de kilómetro
kilometer	trust	de kilómetro
unwind	anger	unwind
unwind	anticipation	unwind
unwind	disgust	unwind
unwind	fear	unwind
unwind	joy	unwind
unwind	negative	unwind
unwind	positive	unwind
unwind	sadness	unwind
unwind	surprise	unwind
unwind	trust	unwind
dainty	anger	dainty
dainty	anticipation	dainty
dainty	disgust	dainty
dainty	fear	dainty
dainty	joy	dainty
dainty	negative	dainty
dainty	positive	dainty
dainty	sadness	dainty
dainty	surprise	dainty
dainty	trust	dainty
cask	anger	cask
cask	anticipation	cask
cask	disgust	cask
cask	fear	cask
cask	joy	cask
cask	negative	cask
cask	positive	cask
cask	sadness	cask
cask	surprise	cask
cask	trust	cask
wording	anger	wording
wording	anticipation	wording
wording	disgust	wording
wording	fear	wording
wording	joy	wording
wording	negative	wording
wording	positive	wording
wording	sadness	wording
wording	surprise	wording
wording	trust	wording
reduced	anger	redujo
reduced	anticipation	reducido
reduced	disgust	redujo
reduced	fear	reducido
reduced	joy	redujo
reduced	negative	reducido
reduced	positive	redujo
reduced	sadness	reducido
reduced	surprise	redujo
reduced	trust	reducido
depravity	anger	depravity
depravity	anticipation	depravity
depravity	disgust	depravity
depravity	fear	depravity
depravity	joy	depravity
depravity	negative	depravity
depravity	positive	depravity
depravity	sadness	depravity
depravity	surprise	depravity
depravity	trust	depravity
wight	anger	wight
wight	anticipation	wight
wight	disgust	wight
wight	fear	wight
wight	joy	wight
wight	negative	wight
wight	positive	wight
wight	sadness	wight
wight	surprise	wight
wight	trust	wight
repair	anger	la reparación
repair	anticipation	repara
repair	disgust	repara
repair	fear	repara
repair	joy	repara
repair	negative	repara
repair	positive	repara
repair	sadness	repara
repair	surprise	repara
repair	trust	repara
prod	anger	prod
prod	anticipation	prod
prod	disgust	prod
prod	fear	prod
prod	joy	prod
prod	negative	prod
prod	positive	prod
prod	sadness	prod
prod	surprise	prod
prod	trust	prod
disintegration	anger	desintegración
disintegration	anticipation	de desintegración
disintegration	disgust	de desintegración
disintegration	fear	de desintegración
disintegration	joy	desintegración
disintegration	negative	de desintegración
disintegration	positive	de desintegración
disintegration	sadness	de desintegración
disintegration	surprise	picor
disintegration	trust	de picor
itching	anger	de desintegración
itching	anticipation	de desintegración
itching	disgust	picor
itching	fear	de picor
itching	joy	de picor
itching	negative	de picor
itching	positive	picor
itching	sadness	de picor
itching	surprise	de picor
itching	trust	de picor
fountain	anger	fuente
fountain	anticipation	de fuente
fountain	disgust	de fuente
fountain	fear	de fuente
fountain	joy	fuente
fountain	negative	de fuente
fountain	positive	de fuente
fountain	sadness	de fuente
fountain	surprise	fuente
fountain	trust	de fuente
thirteenth	anger	decimotercero
thirteenth	anticipation	decimotercero
thirteenth	disgust	decimotercero
thirteenth	fear	decimotercero
thirteenth	joy	decimotercero
thirteenth	negative	decimotercero
thirteenth	positive	decimotercero
thirteenth	sadness	decimotercero
thirteenth	surprise	decimotercero
thirteenth	trust	decimotercero
neophyte	anger	neophyte
neophyte	anticipation	neophyte
neophyte	disgust	neophyte
neophyte	fear	neophyte
neophyte	joy	neophyte
neophyte	negative	neophyte
neophyte	positive	neophyte
neophyte	sadness	neophyte
neophyte	surprise	neophyte
neophyte	trust	neophyte
counter	anger	contador
counter	anticipation	de contador
counter	disgust	de contador
counter	fear	de contador
counter	joy	contador
counter	negative	de contador
counter	positive	de contador
counter	sadness	de contador
counter	surprise	volcán
counter	trust	de volcán
volcano	anger	de contador
volcano	anticipation	de contador
volcano	disgust	volcán
volcano	fear	de volcán
volcano	joy	de volcán
volcano	negative	de volcán
volcano	positive	volcán
volcano	sadness	de volcán
volcano	surprise	de volcán
volcano	trust	de volcán
slipper	anger	slipper
slipper	anticipation	slipper
slipper	disgust	slipper
slipper	fear	slipper
slipper	joy	slipper
slipper	negative	slipper
slipper	positive	slipper
slipper	sadness	slipper
slipper	surprise	slipper
slipper	trust	slipper
sergeant	anger	sargento
sergeant	anticipation	de sargento
sergeant	disgust	de sargento
sergeant	fear	de sargento
sergeant	joy	sargento
sergeant	negative	de sargento
sergeant	positive	de sargento
sergeant	sadness	de sargento
sergeant	surprise	sargento
sergeant	trust	de sargento
readiness	anger	readiness
readiness	anticipation	readiness
readiness	disgust	readiness
readiness	fear	readiness
readiness	joy	readiness
readiness	negative	readiness
readiness	positive	readiness
readiness	sadness	readiness
readiness	surprise	readiness
readiness	trust	readiness
propensity	anger	propensión
propensity	anticipation	de propensión
propensity	disgust	de propensión
propensity	fear	de propensión
propensity	joy	propensión
propensity	negative	de propensión
propensity	positive	de propensión
propensity	sadness	de propensión
propensity	surprise	anteojos
propensity	trust	de anteojos
goggles	anger	de propensión
goggles	anticipation	de propensión
goggles	disgust	anteojos
goggles	fear	de anteojos
goggles	joy	de anteojos
goggles	negative	de anteojos
goggles	positive	anteojos
goggles	sadness	de anteojos
goggles	surprise	de anteojos
goggles	trust	de anteojos
trousers	anger	pantalones
trousers	anticipation	de pantalones
trousers	disgust	de pantalones
trousers	fear	de pantalones
trousers	joy	pantalones
trousers	negative	de pantalones
trousers	positive	de pantalones
trousers	sadness	de pantalones
trousers	surprise	pantalones
trousers	trust	de pantalones
graze	anger	apacientan
graze	anticipation	apacentar
graze	disgust	apacentar
graze	fear	apacentar
graze	joy	apacentar
graze	negative	apacentar
graze	positive	apacentar
graze	sadness	apacentar
graze	surprise	apacentar
graze	trust	apacentar
dispose	anger	colocar
dispose	anticipation	colocar
dispose	disgust	colocar
dispose	fear	colocar
dispose	joy	colocar
dispose	negative	colocar
dispose	positive	colocar
dispose	sadness	colocar
dispose	surprise	colocar
dispose	trust	colocar
easement	anger	easement
easement	anticipation	easement
easement	disgust	easement
easement	fear	easement
easement	joy	easement
easement	negative	easement
easement	positive	easement
easement	sadness	easement
easement	surprise	easement
easement	trust	easement
melodrama	anger	melodrama
melodrama	anticipation	de melodrama
melodrama	disgust	de melodrama
melodrama	fear	de melodrama
melodrama	joy	melodrama
melodrama	negative	de melodrama
melodrama	positive	de melodrama
melodrama	sadness	de melodrama
melodrama	surprise	melodrama
melodrama	trust	de melodrama
decisive	anger	decisivo
decisive	anticipation	decisivo
decisive	disgust	decisivo
decisive	fear	decisivo
decisive	joy	decisivo
decisive	negative	decisivo
decisive	positive	decisivo
decisive	sadness	decisivo
decisive	surprise	decisivo
decisive	trust	decisivo
smoothness	anger	smoothness
smoothness	anticipation	smoothness
smoothness	disgust	smoothness
smoothness	fear	smoothness
smoothness	joy	smoothness
smoothness	negative	smoothness
smoothness	positive	smoothness
smoothness	sadness	smoothness
smoothness	surprise	smoothness
smoothness	trust	smoothness
sentient	anger	sentient
sentient	anticipation	sentient
sentient	disgust	sentient
sentient	fear	sentient
sentient	joy	sentient
sentient	negative	sentient
sentient	positive	sentient
sentient	sadness	sentient
sentient	surprise	sentient
sentient	trust	sentient
replication	anger	replicación
replication	anticipation	de replicación
replication	disgust	de replicación
replication	fear	de replicación
replication	joy	replicación
replication	negative	de replicación
replication	positive	de replicación
replication	sadness	de replicación
replication	surprise	replicación
replication	trust	de replicación
privileged	anger	privilegiada
privileged	anticipation	privilegiado
privileged	disgust	privilegiado
privileged	fear	privilegiado
privileged	joy	privilegiado
privileged	negative	privilegiado
privileged	positive	privilegiado
privileged	sadness	privilegiado
privileged	surprise	privilegiado
privileged	trust	privilegiado
wench	anger	wench
wench	anticipation	wench
wench	disgust	wench
wench	fear	wench
wench	joy	wench
wench	negative	wench
wench	positive	wench
wench	sadness	wench
wench	surprise	wench
wench	trust	wench
rotor	anger	rotor
rotor	anticipation	de rotor
rotor	disgust	de rotor
rotor	fear	de rotor
rotor	joy	rotor
rotor	negative	de rotor
rotor	positive	de rotor
rotor	sadness	de rotor
rotor	surprise	personas
rotor	trust	de personas
persons	anger	de rotor
persons	anticipation	de rotor
persons	disgust	personas
persons	fear	de personas
persons	joy	de personas
persons	negative	de personas
persons	positive	personas
persons	sadness	de personas
persons	surprise	de personas
persons	trust	de personas
astute	anger	astutas
astute	anticipation	astutos
astute	disgust	astutos
astute	fear	astutos
astute	joy	astutos
astute	negative	astutos
astute	positive	astutos
astute	sadness	astutos
astute	surprise	astutos
astute	trust	astutos
locksmith	anger	locksmith
locksmith	anticipation	locksmith
locksmith	disgust	locksmith
locksmith	fear	locksmith
locksmith	joy	locksmith
locksmith	negative	locksmith
locksmith	positive	locksmith
locksmith	sadness	locksmith
locksmith	surprise	locksmith
locksmith	trust	locksmith
moronic	anger	moronic
moronic	anticipation	moronic
moronic	disgust	moronic
moronic	fear	moronic
moronic	joy	moronic
moronic	negative	moronic
moronic	positive	moronic
moronic	sadness	moronic
moronic	surprise	moronic
moronic	trust	moronic
contrasted	anger	contrastó
contrasted	anticipation	contrastado
contrasted	disgust	contrastó
contrasted	fear	contrastado
contrasted	joy	contrastó
contrasted	negative	contrastado
contrasted	positive	contrastó
contrasted	sadness	contrastado
contrasted	surprise	contrastó
contrasted	trust	contrastado
catamaran	anger	catamaran
catamaran	anticipation	catamaran
catamaran	disgust	catamaran
catamaran	fear	catamaran
catamaran	joy	catamaran
catamaran	negative	catamaran
catamaran	positive	catamaran
catamaran	sadness	catamaran
catamaran	surprise	catamaran
catamaran	trust	catamaran
privilege	anger	privilegio
privilege	anticipation	de privilegio
privilege	disgust	de privilegio
privilege	fear	de privilegio
privilege	joy	privilegio
privilege	negative	de privilegio
privilege	positive	de privilegio
privilege	sadness	de privilegio
privilege	surprise	privilegio
privilege	trust	de privilegio
deaf	anger	sordo
deaf	anticipation	sordo
deaf	disgust	sordo
deaf	fear	sordo
deaf	joy	sordo
deaf	negative	sordo
deaf	positive	sordo
deaf	sadness	sordo
deaf	surprise	sordo
deaf	trust	sordo
vesicular	anger	vesicular
vesicular	anticipation	vesicular
vesicular	disgust	vesicular
vesicular	fear	vesicular
vesicular	joy	vesicular
vesicular	negative	vesicular
vesicular	positive	vesicular
vesicular	sadness	vesicular
vesicular	surprise	vesicular
vesicular	trust	vesicular
team	anger	equipo
team	anticipation	de equipo
team	disgust	de equipo
team	fear	de equipo
team	joy	equipo
team	negative	de equipo
team	positive	de equipo
team	sadness	de equipo
team	surprise	equipo
team	trust	de equipo
meridional	anger	meridional
meridional	anticipation	meridional
meridional	disgust	meridional
meridional	fear	meridional
meridional	joy	meridional
meridional	negative	meridional
meridional	positive	meridional
meridional	sadness	aviador
meridional	surprise	de aviador
meridional	trust	meridional
airman	anger	meridional
airman	anticipation	meridional
airman	disgust	aviador
airman	fear	de aviador
airman	joy	de aviador
airman	negative	de aviador
airman	positive	aviador
airman	sadness	de aviador
airman	surprise	de aviador
airman	trust	de aviador
biogenesis	anger	biogénesis
biogenesis	anticipation	de biogénesis
biogenesis	disgust	de biogénesis
biogenesis	fear	de biogénesis
biogenesis	joy	biogénesis
biogenesis	negative	de biogénesis
biogenesis	positive	de biogénesis
biogenesis	sadness	de biogénesis
biogenesis	surprise	biogénesis
biogenesis	trust	de biogénesis
disabled	anger	discapacitada
disabled	anticipation	discapacitado
disabled	disgust	discapacitado
disabled	fear	discapacitado
disabled	joy	discapacitado
disabled	negative	discapacitado
disabled	positive	discapacitado
disabled	sadness	linterna
disabled	surprise	de linterna
disabled	trust	discapacitada
lantern	anger	discapacitada
lantern	anticipation	discapacitada
lantern	disgust	linterna
lantern	fear	de linterna
lantern	joy	de linterna
lantern	negative	de linterna
lantern	positive	linterna
lantern	sadness	de linterna
lantern	surprise	de linterna
lantern	trust	de linterna
barrier	anger	barrera
barrier	anticipation	de barrera
barrier	disgust	de barrera
barrier	fear	de barrera
barrier	joy	barrera
barrier	negative	de barrera
barrier	positive	de barrera
barrier	sadness	de barrera
barrier	surprise	escudo
barrier	trust	de escudo
shield	anger	de barrera
shield	anticipation	de barrera
shield	disgust	escudo
shield	fear	de escudo
shield	joy	de escudo
shield	negative	de escudo
shield	positive	escudo
shield	sadness	de escudo
shield	surprise	de escudo
shield	trust	de escudo
decay	anger	decadencia
decay	anticipation	de decadencia
decay	disgust	de decadencia
decay	fear	de decadencia
decay	joy	decadencia
decay	negative	de decadencia
decay	positive	de decadencia
decay	sadness	de decadencia
decay	surprise	cajones
decay	trust	de cajones
drawers	anger	de decadencia
drawers	anticipation	de decadencia
drawers	disgust	cajones
drawers	fear	de cajones
drawers	joy	de cajones
drawers	negative	de cajones
drawers	positive	cajones
drawers	sadness	de cajones
drawers	surprise	de cajones
drawers	trust	de cajones que
gaining	anger	obtienen
gaining	anticipation	obteniendo
gaining	disgust	obteniendo
gaining	fear	obteniendo
gaining	joy	obteniendo
gaining	negative	obteniendo
gaining	positive	obteniendo
gaining	sadness	obteniendo
gaining	surprise	obteniendo
gaining	trust	obteniendo
transom	anger	transom
transom	anticipation	transom
transom	disgust	transom
transom	fear	transom
transom	joy	transom
transom	negative	transom
transom	positive	transom
transom	sadness	transom
transom	surprise	transom
transom	trust	transom
perplexed	anger	perplexed
perplexed	anticipation	perplexed
perplexed	disgust	perplexed
perplexed	fear	perplexed
perplexed	joy	perplexed
perplexed	negative	perplexed
perplexed	positive	perplexed
perplexed	sadness	perplexed
perplexed	surprise	perplexed
perplexed	trust	perplexed
composure	anger	composure
composure	anticipation	composure
composure	disgust	composure
composure	fear	composure
composure	joy	composure
composure	negative	composure
composure	positive	composure
composure	sadness	composure
composure	surprise	composure
composure	trust	composure
quartile	anger	quartile
quartile	anticipation	quartile
quartile	disgust	quartile
quartile	fear	quartile
quartile	joy	quartile
quartile	negative	quartile
quartile	positive	quartile
quartile	sadness	quartile
quartile	surprise	quartile
quartile	trust	quartile
painless	anger	indoloros
painless	anticipation	indoloros
painless	disgust	indoloros
painless	fear	indoloros
painless	joy	indoloros
painless	negative	indoloros
painless	positive	indoloros
painless	sadness	indoloros
painless	surprise	indoloros
painless	trust	indoloros
bevy	anger	bevy
bevy	anticipation	bevy
bevy	disgust	bevy
bevy	fear	bevy
bevy	joy	bevy
bevy	negative	bevy
bevy	positive	bevy
bevy	sadness	bevy
bevy	surprise	bevy
bevy	trust	bevy
feces	anger	heces
feces	anticipation	de heces
feces	disgust	de heces
feces	fear	de heces
feces	joy	heces
feces	negative	de heces
feces	positive	de heces
feces	sadness	de heces
feces	surprise	heces
feces	trust	de heces
analyze	anger	analizan
analyze	anticipation	analizar
analyze	disgust	analizar
analyze	fear	analizar
analyze	joy	analizar
analyze	negative	analizar
analyze	positive	analizar
analyze	sadness	analizar
analyze	surprise	analizar
analyze	trust	analizar
jeopardize	anger	jeopardize
jeopardize	anticipation	jeopardize
jeopardize	disgust	jeopardize
jeopardize	fear	jeopardize
jeopardize	joy	jeopardize
jeopardize	negative	jeopardize
jeopardize	positive	jeopardize
jeopardize	sadness	jeopardize
jeopardize	surprise	jeopardize
jeopardize	trust	jeopardize
reddish	anger	rojizo
reddish	anticipation	rojizo
reddish	disgust	rojizo
reddish	fear	rojizo
reddish	joy	rojizo
reddish	negative	rojizo
reddish	positive	rojizo
reddish	sadness	rojizo
reddish	surprise	rojizo
reddish	trust	rojizo
totally	anger	totalmente
totally	anticipation	totalmente
totally	disgust	totalmente
totally	fear	totalmente
totally	joy	totalmente
totally	negative	totalmente
totally	positive	totalmente
totally	sadness	totalmente
totally	surprise	totalmente
totally	trust	totalmente
unexpectedly	anger	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	anticipation	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	disgust	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	fear	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	joy	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	negative	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	positive	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	sadness	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	surprise	inesperadamente
unexpectedly	trust	inesperadamente
bedrock	anger	bedrock
bedrock	anticipation	bedrock
bedrock	disgust	bedrock
bedrock	fear	bedrock
bedrock	joy	bedrock
bedrock	negative	bedrock
bedrock	positive	bedrock
bedrock	sadness	bedrock
bedrock	surprise	bedrock
bedrock	trust	bedrock
permeate	anger	permeate
permeate	anticipation	permeate
permeate	disgust	permeate
permeate	fear	permeate
permeate	joy	permeate
permeate	negative	permeate
permeate	positive	permeate
permeate	sadness	permeate
permeate	surprise	permeate
permeate	trust	permeate
escarpment	anger	escarpadura
escarpment	anticipation	de escarpadura
escarpment	disgust	de escarpadura
escarpment	fear	de escarpadura
escarpment	joy	escarpadura
escarpment	negative	de escarpadura
escarpment	positive	de escarpadura
escarpment	sadness	de escarpadura
escarpment	surprise	tacómetro
escarpment	trust	de tacómetro
tachometer	anger	de escarpadura
tachometer	anticipation	de escarpadura
tachometer	disgust	tacómetro
tachometer	fear	de tacómetro
tachometer	joy	de tacómetro
tachometer	negative	de tacómetro
tachometer	positive	tacómetro
tachometer	sadness	de tacómetro
tachometer	surprise	de tacómetro
tachometer	trust	de tacómetro
calm	anger	tranquilo
calm	anticipation	tranquilo
calm	disgust	tranquilo
calm	fear	tranquilo
calm	joy	tranquilo
calm	negative	tranquilo
calm	positive	tranquilo
calm	sadness	tranquilo
calm	surprise	tranquilo
calm	trust	tranquilo
categorical	anger	categórico
categorical	anticipation	categórico
categorical	disgust	categórico
categorical	fear	categórico
categorical	joy	categórico
categorical	negative	categórico
categorical	positive	categórico
categorical	sadness	categórico
categorical	surprise	categórico
categorical	trust	categórico
sole	anger	único
sole	anticipation	único
sole	disgust	único
sole	fear	único
sole	joy	único
sole	negative	único
sole	positive	único
sole	sadness	único
sole	surprise	único
sole	trust	único
affluent	anger	rico
affluent	anticipation	rico
affluent	disgust	rico
affluent	fear	rico
affluent	joy	rico
affluent	negative	rico
affluent	positive	rico
affluent	sadness	carbón
affluent	surprise	de carbón
affluent	trust	rico
coal	anger	rico
coal	anticipation	rico
coal	disgust	carbón
coal	fear	de carbón
coal	joy	de carbón
coal	negative	de carbón
coal	positive	carbón
coal	sadness	de carbón
coal	surprise	de carbón
coal	trust	de carbón
voluptuous	anger	voluptuous
voluptuous	anticipation	voluptuous
voluptuous	disgust	voluptuous
voluptuous	fear	voluptuous
voluptuous	joy	voluptuous
voluptuous	negative	voluptuous
voluptuous	positive	voluptuous
voluptuous	sadness	voluptuous
voluptuous	surprise	voluptuous
voluptuous	trust	voluptuous
hostage	anger	rehén
hostage	anticipation	de rehén
hostage	disgust	de rehén
hostage	fear	de rehén
hostage	joy	rehén
hostage	negative	de rehén
hostage	positive	de rehén
hostage	sadness	de rehén
hostage	surprise	rehén
hostage	trust	de rehén
strained	anger	estiró
strained	anticipation	estirado
strained	disgust	estiró
strained	fear	estirado
strained	joy	estiró
strained	negative	estirado
strained	positive	estiró
strained	sadness	estirado
strained	surprise	estiró
strained	trust	éxtasis
ecstasy	anger	de éxtasis
ecstasy	anticipation	de éxtasis
ecstasy	disgust	estirado
ecstasy	fear	éxtasis
ecstasy	joy	de éxtasis
ecstasy	negative	de éxtasis
ecstasy	positive	de éxtasis
ecstasy	sadness	éxtasis
ecstasy	surprise	de éxtasis
ecstasy	trust	del éxtasis
resolute	anger	resolute
resolute	anticipation	resolute
resolute	disgust	resolute
resolute	fear	resolute
resolute	joy	resolute
resolute	negative	resolute
resolute	positive	resolute
resolute	sadness	resolute
resolute	surprise	resolute
resolute	trust	resolute
married	anger	casado
married	anticipation	casado
married	disgust	casado
married	fear	casado
married	joy	casado
married	negative	casado
married	positive	casado
married	sadness	cacique
married	surprise	de cacique
married	trust	casado
chieftain	anger	casado
chieftain	anticipation	casado
chieftain	disgust	cacique
chieftain	fear	de cacique
chieftain	joy	de cacique
chieftain	negative	de cacique
chieftain	positive	cacique
chieftain	sadness	de cacique
chieftain	surprise	de cacique
chieftain	trust	de cacique
inadmissible	anger	inadmisible
inadmissible	anticipation	inadmisible
inadmissible	disgust	inadmisible
inadmissible	fear	inadmisible
inadmissible	joy	inadmisible
inadmissible	negative	inadmisible
inadmissible	positive	inadmisible
inadmissible	sadness	inadmisible
inadmissible	surprise	inadmisible
inadmissible	trust	inadmisible
rigid	anger	rígido
rigid	anticipation	rígido
rigid	disgust	rígido
rigid	fear	rígido
rigid	joy	rígido
rigid	negative	rígido
rigid	positive	rígido
rigid	sadness	rígido
rigid	surprise	rígido
rigid	trust	rígido
infantile	anger	infantile
infantile	anticipation	infantile
infantile	disgust	infantile
infantile	fear	infantile
infantile	joy	infantile
infantile	negative	infantile
infantile	positive	infantile
infantile	sadness	infantile
infantile	surprise	infantile
infantile	trust	infantile
eschew	anger	eschew
eschew	anticipation	eschew
eschew	disgust	eschew
eschew	fear	eschew
eschew	joy	eschew
eschew	negative	eschew
eschew	positive	eschew
eschew	sadness	eschew
eschew	surprise	eschew
eschew	trust	eschew
shrapnel	anger	metralla
shrapnel	anticipation	de metralla
shrapnel	disgust	de metralla
shrapnel	fear	de metralla
shrapnel	joy	metralla
shrapnel	negative	de metralla
shrapnel	positive	de metralla
shrapnel	sadness	de metralla
shrapnel	surprise	metralla
shrapnel	trust	de metralla
mortuary	anger	mortuary
mortuary	anticipation	mortuary
mortuary	disgust	mortuary
mortuary	fear	mortuary
mortuary	joy	mortuary
mortuary	negative	mortuary
mortuary	positive	mortuary
mortuary	sadness	mortuary
mortuary	surprise	mortuary
mortuary	trust	mortuary
countryman	anger	countryman
countryman	anticipation	countryman
countryman	disgust	countryman
countryman	fear	countryman
countryman	joy	countryman
countryman	negative	countryman
countryman	positive	countryman
countryman	sadness	countryman
countryman	surprise	countryman
countryman	trust	countryman
guitar	anger	guitarra
guitar	anticipation	de guitarra
guitar	disgust	de guitarra
guitar	fear	de guitarra
guitar	joy	guitarra
guitar	negative	de guitarra
guitar	positive	de guitarra
guitar	sadness	de guitarra
guitar	surprise	guitarra
guitar	trust	de guitarra
inimitable	anger	inimitable
inimitable	anticipation	inimitable
inimitable	disgust	inimitable
inimitable	fear	inimitable
inimitable	joy	inimitable
inimitable	negative	inimitable
inimitable	positive	inimitable
inimitable	sadness	medicina
inimitable	surprise	de medicina
inimitable	trust	inimitable
medicine	anger	inimitable
medicine	anticipation	inimitable
medicine	disgust	medicina
medicine	fear	de medicina
medicine	joy	de medicina
medicine	negative	de medicina
medicine	positive	medicina
medicine	sadness	de medicina
medicine	surprise	de medicina
medicine	trust	de medicina
twenty	anger	veinte
twenty	anticipation	veinte
twenty	disgust	veinte
twenty	fear	veinte
twenty	joy	veinte
twenty	negative	veinte
twenty	positive	veinte
twenty	sadness	veinte
twenty	surprise	veinte
twenty	trust	veinte
sluggish	anger	sluggish
sluggish	anticipation	sluggish
sluggish	disgust	sluggish
sluggish	fear	sluggish
sluggish	joy	sluggish
sluggish	negative	sluggish
sluggish	positive	sluggish
sluggish	sadness	sluggish
sluggish	surprise	sluggish
sluggish	trust	sluggish
printer	anger	impresora
printer	anticipation	de impresora
printer	disgust	de impresora
printer	fear	de impresora
printer	joy	impresora
printer	negative	de impresora
printer	positive	de impresora
printer	sadness	de impresora
printer	surprise	umbral
printer	trust	de umbral
threshold	anger	de impresora
threshold	anticipation	de impresora
threshold	disgust	umbral
threshold	fear	de umbral
threshold	joy	de umbral
threshold	negative	de umbral
threshold	positive	umbral
threshold	sadness	de umbral
threshold	surprise	de umbral
threshold	trust	de umbral
excluded	anger	excluyó
excluded	anticipation	excluido
excluded	disgust	excluyó
excluded	fear	excluido
excluded	joy	excluyó
excluded	negative	excluido
excluded	positive	excluyó
excluded	sadness	excluido
excluded	surprise	excluyó
excluded	trust	confianza
trust	anger	de confianza
trust	anticipation	de confianza
trust	disgust	excluida
trust	fear	confianza
trust	joy	de confianza
trust	negative	de confianza
trust	positive	de confianza
trust	sadness	avión
trust	surprise	de confianza
trust	trust	de confianza
airplane	anger	de confianza
airplane	anticipation	avión
airplane	disgust	de avión
airplane	fear	de avión
airplane	joy	de avión
airplane	negative	avión
airplane	positive	de avión
airplane	sadness	de avión
airplane	surprise	de avión
airplane	trust	avión
numb	anger	numb
numb	anticipation	numb
numb	disgust	numb
numb	fear	numb
numb	joy	numb
numb	negative	numb
numb	positive	numb
numb	sadness	numb
numb	surprise	numb
numb	trust	numb
cylinder	anger	cilindro
cylinder	anticipation	de cilindro
cylinder	disgust	de cilindro
cylinder	fear	de cilindro
cylinder	joy	cilindro
cylinder	negative	de cilindro
cylinder	positive	de cilindro
cylinder	sadness	de cilindro
cylinder	surprise	cilindro
cylinder	trust	de cilindro
athlete	anger	atleta
athlete	anticipation	atleta
athlete	disgust	atleta
athlete	fear	atleta
athlete	joy	atleta
athlete	negative	atleta
athlete	positive	atleta
athlete	sadness	atleta
athlete	surprise	atleta
athlete	trust	atleta
trendy	anger	trendy
trendy	anticipation	trendy
trendy	disgust	trendy
trendy	fear	trendy
trendy	joy	trendy
trendy	negative	trendy
trendy	positive	trendy
trendy	sadness	trendy
trendy	surprise	trendy
trendy	trust	trendy
contribute	anger	contribuir
contribute	anticipation	contribuir
contribute	disgust	contribuir
contribute	fear	contribuir
contribute	joy	contribuir
contribute	negative	contribuir
contribute	positive	contribuir
contribute	sadness	contribuir
contribute	surprise	contribuir
contribute	trust	contribuir
supernatural	anger	sobrenatural
supernatural	anticipation	sobrenatural
supernatural	disgust	sobrenatural
supernatural	fear	sobrenatural
supernatural	joy	sobrenatural
supernatural	negative	sobrenatural
supernatural	positive	sobrenatural
supernatural	sadness	entrevista
supernatural	surprise	de entrevista
supernatural	trust	sobrenatural
interview	anger	sobrenatural
interview	anticipation	sobrenatural
interview	disgust	entrevista
interview	fear	de entrevista
interview	joy	de entrevista
interview	negative	de entrevista
interview	positive	entrevista
interview	sadness	de entrevista
interview	surprise	de entrevista
interview	trust	de entrevista
bay	anger	bahía
bay	anticipation	de bahía
bay	disgust	de bahía
bay	fear	de bahía
bay	joy	bahía
bay	negative	de bahía
bay	positive	de bahía
bay	sadness	de bahía
bay	surprise	fauna
bay	trust	de fauna
fauna	anger	de bahía
fauna	anticipation	de bahía
fauna	disgust	fauna
fauna	fear	de fauna
fauna	joy	de fauna
fauna	negative	de fauna
fauna	positive	fauna
fauna	sadness	de fauna
fauna	surprise	de fauna
fauna	trust	de fauna
upstart	anger	upstart
upstart	anticipation	upstart
upstart	disgust	upstart
upstart	fear	upstart
upstart	joy	upstart
upstart	negative	upstart
upstart	positive	upstart
upstart	sadness	upstart
upstart	surprise	upstart
upstart	trust	upstart
silly	anger	tonto
silly	anticipation	tonto
silly	disgust	tonto
silly	fear	tonto
silly	joy	tonto
silly	negative	tonto
silly	positive	tonto
silly	sadness	tonto
silly	surprise	tonto
silly	trust	tonto
wild	anger	salvaje
wild	anticipation	salvaje
wild	disgust	salvaje
wild	fear	salvaje
wild	joy	salvaje
wild	negative	salvaje
wild	positive	salvaje
wild	sadness	apóstol
wild	surprise	de apóstol
wild	trust	salvaje
apostle	anger	salvaje
apostle	anticipation	salvaje
apostle	disgust	apóstol
apostle	fear	de apóstol
apostle	joy	de apóstol
apostle	negative	de apóstol
apostle	positive	apóstol
apostle	sadness	de apóstol
apostle	surprise	de apóstol
apostle	trust	de apóstol
visage	anger	visage
visage	anticipation	visage
visage	disgust	visage
visage	fear	visage
visage	joy	visage
visage	negative	visage
visage	positive	visage
visage	sadness	visage
visage	surprise	visage
visage	trust	visage
bladder	anger	vejiga
bladder	anticipation	de vejiga
bladder	disgust	de vejiga
bladder	fear	de vejiga
bladder	joy	vejiga
bladder	negative	de vejiga
bladder	positive	de vejiga
bladder	sadness	de vejiga
bladder	surprise	tenencia
bladder	trust	de tenencia
tenancy	anger	de vejiga
tenancy	anticipation	de vejiga
tenancy	disgust	tenencia
tenancy	fear	de tenencia
tenancy	joy	de tenencia
tenancy	negative	de tenencia
tenancy	positive	tenencia
tenancy	sadness	de tenencia
tenancy	surprise	de tenencia
tenancy	trust	de tenencia
prim	anger	prim
prim	anticipation	prim
prim	disgust	prim
prim	fear	prim
prim	joy	prim
prim	negative	prim
prim	positive	prim
prim	sadness	prim
prim	surprise	prim
prim	trust	prim
coerce	anger	coaccionar
coerce	anticipation	coaccionar
coerce	disgust	coaccionar
coerce	fear	coaccionar
coerce	joy	coaccionar
coerce	negative	coaccionar
coerce	positive	coaccionar
coerce	sadness	coaccionar
coerce	surprise	coaccionar
coerce	trust	coaccionar
mango	anger	mango
mango	anticipation	mango
mango	disgust	mango
mango	fear	mango
mango	joy	mango
mango	negative	mango
mango	positive	mango
mango	sadness	mango
mango	surprise	mango
mango	trust	mango
turnpike	anger	turnpike
turnpike	anticipation	turnpike
turnpike	disgust	turnpike
turnpike	fear	turnpike
turnpike	joy	turnpike
turnpike	negative	turnpike
turnpike	positive	turnpike
turnpike	sadness	turnpike
turnpike	surprise	turnpike
turnpike	trust	turnpike
loathing	anger	aborreciendo
loathing	anticipation	aborreciendo
loathing	disgust	aborreciendo
loathing	fear	aborreciendo
loathing	joy	aborreciendo
loathing	negative	aborreciendo
loathing	positive	aborreciendo
loathing	sadness	aborreciendo
loathing	surprise	aborreciendo
loathing	trust	aborreciendo
miracle	anger	milagro
miracle	anticipation	de milagro
miracle	disgust	de milagro
miracle	fear	de milagro
miracle	joy	milagro
miracle	negative	de milagro
miracle	positive	de milagro
miracle	sadness	de milagro
miracle	surprise	milagro
miracle	trust	de milagro
nudity	anger	nudity
nudity	anticipation	nudity
nudity	disgust	nudity
nudity	fear	nudity
nudity	joy	nudity
nudity	negative	nudity
nudity	positive	nudity
nudity	sadness	nudity
nudity	surprise	nudity
nudity	trust	nudity
mural	anger	mural
mural	anticipation	mural
mural	disgust	mural
mural	fear	mural
mural	joy	mural
mural	negative	mural
mural	positive	mural
mural	sadness	mural
mural	surprise	mural
mural	trust	mural
fluid	anger	fluido
fluid	anticipation	fluido
fluid	disgust	fluido
fluid	fear	fluido
fluid	joy	fluido
fluid	negative	fluido
fluid	positive	fluido
fluid	sadness	banco
fluid	surprise	de banco
fluid	trust	fluido
bench	anger	fluido
bench	anticipation	fluido
bench	disgust	banco
bench	fear	de banco
bench	joy	de banco
bench	negative	de banco
bench	positive	banco
bench	sadness	de banco
bench	surprise	de banco
bench	trust	de banco
arc	anger	arc
arc	anticipation	arc
arc	disgust	arc
arc	fear	arc
arc	joy	arc
arc	negative	arc
arc	positive	arc
arc	sadness	arc
arc	surprise	arc
arc	trust	arc
mimicking	anger	mimicking
mimicking	anticipation	mimicking
mimicking	disgust	mimicking
mimicking	fear	mimicking
mimicking	joy	mimicking
mimicking	negative	mimicking
mimicking	positive	mimicking
mimicking	sadness	mimicking
mimicking	surprise	mimicking
mimicking	trust	mimicking
virgin	anger	virgen
virgin	anticipation	virgen
virgin	disgust	virgen
virgin	fear	virgen
virgin	joy	virgen
virgin	negative	virgen
virgin	positive	virgen
virgin	sadness	cultivo
virgin	surprise	de cultivo
virgin	trust	virgen
crop	anger	virgen
crop	anticipation	virgen
crop	disgust	cultivo
crop	fear	de cultivo
crop	joy	de cultivo
crop	negative	de cultivo
crop	positive	cultivo
crop	sadness	de cultivo
crop	surprise	de cultivo
crop	trust	de cultivo
lifeboat	anger	bote salvavidas
lifeboat	anticipation	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	disgust	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	fear	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	joy	bote salvavidas
lifeboat	negative	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	positive	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	sadness	de bote salvavidas
lifeboat	surprise	histología
lifeboat	trust	de histología
histology	anger	de bote salvavidas
histology	anticipation	de bote salvavidas
histology	disgust	histología
histology	fear	de histología
histology	joy	de histología
histology	negative	de histología
histology	positive	histología
histology	sadness	de histología
histology	surprise	de histología
histology	trust	de histología
lender	anger	prestamista
lender	anticipation	de prestamista
lender	disgust	de prestamista
lender	fear	de prestamista
lender	joy	prestamista
lender	negative	de prestamista
lender	positive	de prestamista
lender	sadness	de prestamista
lender	surprise	prestamista
lender	trust	de prestamista
luscious	anger	luscious
luscious	anticipation	luscious
luscious	disgust	luscious
luscious	fear	luscious
luscious	joy	luscious
luscious	negative	luscious
luscious	positive	luscious
luscious	sadness	luscious
luscious	surprise	luscious
luscious	trust	luscious
dwarfed	anger	dwarfed
dwarfed	anticipation	dwarfed
dwarfed	disgust	dwarfed
dwarfed	fear	dwarfed
dwarfed	joy	dwarfed
dwarfed	negative	dwarfed
dwarfed	positive	dwarfed
dwarfed	sadness	dwarfed
dwarfed	surprise	dwarfed
dwarfed	trust	dwarfed
tenderness	anger	ternura
tenderness	anticipation	de ternura
tenderness	disgust	de ternura
tenderness	fear	de ternura
tenderness	joy	ternura
tenderness	negative	de ternura
tenderness	positive	de ternura
tenderness	sadness	de ternura
tenderness	surprise	ternura
tenderness	trust	de ternura
consignee	anger	consignee
consignee	anticipation	consignee
consignee	disgust	consignee
consignee	fear	consignee
consignee	joy	consignee
consignee	negative	consignee
consignee	positive	consignee
consignee	sadness	consignee
consignee	surprise	consignee
consignee	trust	consignee
dowry	anger	dote
dowry	anticipation	de dote
dowry	disgust	de dote
dowry	fear	de dote
dowry	joy	dote
dowry	negative	de dote
dowry	positive	de dote
dowry	sadness	de dote
dowry	surprise	dote
dowry	trust	de dote
shin	anger	shin
shin	anticipation	
shin	disgust	shin
shin	fear	shin
shin	joy	shin
shin	negative	shin
shin	positive	shin
shin	sadness	shin
shin	surprise	shin
shin	trust	shin
elasticity	anger	shin
elasticity	anticipation	elasticidad de elasticidad
elasticity	disgust	de elasticidad
elasticity	fear	de elasticidad
elasticity	joy	elasticidad
elasticity	negative	de elasticidad
elasticity	positive	de elasticidad
elasticity	sadness	de elasticidad
elasticity	surprise	elasticidad
elasticity	trust	de elasticidad
travesty	anger	travesty
travesty	anticipation	travesty
travesty	disgust	travesty
travesty	fear	travesty
travesty	joy	travesty
travesty	negative	travesty
travesty	positive	travesty
travesty	sadness	travesty
travesty	surprise	travesty
travesty	trust	travesty
favorite	anger	favorito
favorite	anticipation	favorito
favorite	disgust	favorito
favorite	fear	favorito
favorite	joy	favorito
favorite	negative	favorito
favorite	positive	favorito
favorite	sadness	favorito
favorite	surprise	favorito
favorite	trust	favorito
butane	anger	butane
butane	anticipation	butane
butane	disgust	butane
butane	fear	butane
butane	joy	butane
butane	negative	butane
butane	positive	butane
butane	sadness	butane
butane	surprise	butane
butane	trust	butane
interesting	anger	interesando
interesting	anticipation	interesante
interesting	disgust	interesante
interesting	fear	interesante
interesting	joy	interesante
interesting	negative	interesante
interesting	positive	interesante
interesting	sadness	interesante
interesting	surprise	interesante
interesting	trust	interesante
escalator	anger	escalator
escalator	anticipation	escalator
escalator	disgust	escalator
escalator	fear	escalator
escalator	joy	escalator
escalator	negative	escalator
escalator	positive	escalator
escalator	sadness	escalator
escalator	surprise	escalator
escalator	trust	escalator
assessor	anger	assessor
assessor	anticipation	assessor
assessor	disgust	assessor
assessor	fear	assessor
assessor	joy	assessor
assessor	negative	assessor
assessor	positive	assessor
assessor	sadness	assessor
assessor	surprise	assessor
assessor	trust	assessor
gull	anger	gaviota
gull	anticipation	de gaviota
gull	disgust	de gaviota
gull	fear	de gaviota
gull	joy	gaviota
gull	negative	de gaviota
gull	positive	de gaviota
gull	sadness	de gaviota
gull	surprise	criptografía
gull	trust	de criptografía
cryptography	anger	de gaviota
cryptography	anticipation	de gaviota
cryptography	disgust	criptografía
cryptography	fear	de criptografía
cryptography	joy	de criptografía
cryptography	negative	de criptografía
cryptography	positive	criptografía
cryptography	sadness	de criptografía
cryptography	surprise	de criptografía
cryptography	trust	de criptografía
smith	anger	herrero
smith	anticipation	de herrero
smith	disgust	de herrero
smith	fear	de herrero
smith	joy	herrero
smith	negative	de herrero
smith	positive	de herrero
smith	sadness	de herrero
smith	surprise	rendición
smith	trust	de rendición
surrender	anger	de herrero
surrender	anticipation	de herrero
surrender	disgust	rendición
surrender	fear	de rendición
surrender	joy	de rendición
surrender	negative	de rendición
surrender	positive	rendición
surrender	sadness	de rendición
surrender	surprise	de rendición
surrender	trust	de rendición
madden	anger	enloquece
madden	anticipation	enloquecer
madden	disgust	enloquecer
madden	fear	enloquecer
madden	joy	enloquecer
madden	negative	enloquecer
madden	positive	enloquecer
madden	sadness	enloquecer
madden	surprise	enloquecer
madden	trust	enloquecer
swarm	anger	enjambre
swarm	anticipation	de enjambre
swarm	disgust	de enjambre
swarm	fear	de enjambre
swarm	joy	enjambre
swarm	negative	de enjambre
swarm	positive	de enjambre
swarm	sadness	de enjambre
swarm	surprise	subsuelo
swarm	trust	de subsuelo
subsoil	anger	de enjambre
subsoil	anticipation	de enjambre
subsoil	disgust	subsuelo
subsoil	fear	de subsuelo
subsoil	joy	de subsuelo
subsoil	negative	de subsuelo
subsoil	positive	subsuelo
subsoil	sadness	de subsuelo
subsoil	surprise	de subsuelo
subsoil	trust	de subsuelo
farther	anger	más lejano
farther	anticipation	más lejano
farther	disgust	más lejano
farther	fear	más lejano
farther	joy	más lejano
farther	negative	más lejano
farther	positive	más lejano
farther	sadness	más lejano
farther	surprise	más lejano
farther	trust	más lejano
subito	anger	subito
subito	anticipation	subito
subito	disgust	subito
subito	fear	subito
subito	joy	subito
subito	negative	subito
subito	positive	subito
subito	sadness	subito
subito	surprise	subito
subito	trust	subito
combinatorial	anger	combinatorial
combinatorial	anticipation	combinatorial
combinatorial	disgust	combinatorial
combinatorial	fear	combinatorial
combinatorial	joy	combinatorial
combinatorial	negative	combinatorial
combinatorial	positive	combinatorial
combinatorial	sadness	combinatorial
combinatorial	surprise	combinatorial
combinatorial	trust	combinatorial
crescent	anger	crescent
crescent	anticipation	crescent
crescent	disgust	crescent
crescent	fear	crescent
crescent	joy	crescent
crescent	negative	crescent
crescent	positive	crescent
crescent	sadness	crescent
crescent	surprise	crescent
crescent	trust	crescent
valuation	anger	tasación
valuation	anticipation	de tasación
valuation	disgust	de tasación
valuation	fear	de tasación
valuation	joy	tasación
valuation	negative	de tasación
valuation	positive	de tasación
valuation	sadness	de tasación
valuation	surprise	tasación
valuation	trust	de tasación que
giving	anger	da
giving	anticipation	dando
giving	disgust	dando
giving	fear	dando
giving	joy	dando
giving	negative	dando
giving	positive	dando
giving	sadness	dando
giving	surprise	dando
giving	trust	dando
breeches	anger	breeches
breeches	anticipation	breeches
breeches	disgust	breeches
breeches	fear	breeches
breeches	joy	breeches
breeches	negative	breeches
breeches	positive	breeches
breeches	sadness	breeches
breeches	surprise	breeches
breeches	trust	breeches
melancholic	anger	melancólico
melancholic	anticipation	melancólico
melancholic	disgust	melancólico
melancholic	fear	melancólico
melancholic	joy	melancólico
melancholic	negative	melancólico
melancholic	positive	melancólico
melancholic	sadness	melancólico
melancholic	surprise	melancólico
melancholic	trust	melancólico
intercept	anger	interceptar
intercept	anticipation	interceptar
intercept	disgust	interceptar
intercept	fear	interceptar
intercept	joy	interceptar
intercept	negative	interceptar
intercept	positive	interceptar
intercept	sadness	interceptar
intercept	surprise	interceptar
intercept	trust	interceptar
muck	anger	estiércol
muck	anticipation	de estiércol
muck	disgust	de estiércol
muck	fear	de estiércol
muck	joy	estiércol
muck	negative	de estiércol
muck	positive	de estiércol
muck	sadness	de estiércol
muck	surprise	estiércol
muck	trust	de estiércol
humanitarian	anger	humanitario
humanitarian	anticipation	humanitario
humanitarian	disgust	humanitario
humanitarian	fear	humanitario
humanitarian	joy	humanitario
humanitarian	negative	humanitario
humanitarian	positive	humanitario
humanitarian	sadness	infertilidad
humanitarian	surprise	de infertilidad
humanitarian	trust	humanitaria
infertility	anger	humanitaria
infertility	anticipation	humanitaria
infertility	disgust	infertilidad
infertility	fear	de infertilidad
infertility	joy	de infertilidad
infertility	negative	de infertilidad
infertility	positive	infertilidad
infertility	sadness	de infertilidad
infertility	surprise	de infertilidad
infertility	trust	de infertilidad
rubric	anger	rubric
rubric	anticipation	rubric
rubric	disgust	rubric
rubric	fear	rubric
rubric	joy	rubric
rubric	negative	rubric
rubric	positive	rubric
rubric	sadness	rubric
rubric	surprise	rubric
rubric	trust	rubric
polo	anger	polo
polo	anticipation	polo
polo	disgust	polo
polo	fear	polo
polo	joy	polo
polo	negative	polo
polo	positive	polo
polo	sadness	polo
polo	surprise	polo
polo	trust	polo
materially	anger	materially
materially	anticipation	materially
materially	disgust	materially
materially	fear	materially
materially	joy	materially
materially	negative	materially
materially	positive	materially
materially	sadness	materially
materially	surprise	materially
materially	trust	materially
rustle	anger	rustle
rustle	anticipation	rustle
rustle	disgust	rustle
rustle	fear	rustle
rustle	joy	rustle
rustle	negative	rustle
rustle	positive	rustle
rustle	sadness	rustle
rustle	surprise	rustle
rustle	trust	rustle
moorland	anger	moorland
moorland	anticipation	moorland
moorland	disgust	moorland
moorland	fear	moorland
moorland	joy	moorland
moorland	negative	moorland
moorland	positive	moorland
moorland	sadness	moorland
moorland	surprise	moorland
moorland	trust	moorland
matter	anger	asunto
matter	anticipation	de asunto
matter	disgust	de asunto
matter	fear	de asunto
matter	joy	asunto
matter	negative	de asunto
matter	positive	de asunto
matter	sadness	de asunto
matter	surprise	dolor de muelas
matter	trust	de dolor de muelas
toothache	anger	de asunto
toothache	anticipation	de asunto
toothache	disgust	dolor de muelas
toothache	fear	de dolor de muelas
toothache	joy	de dolor de muelas
toothache	negative	de dolor de muelas
toothache	positive	dolor de muelas
toothache	sadness	de dolor de muelas
toothache	surprise	de dolor de muelas
toothache	trust	de dolor de muelas
iota	anger	iota
iota	anticipation	iota
iota	disgust	iota
iota	fear	iota
iota	joy	iota
iota	negative	iota
iota	positive	iota
iota	sadness	iota
iota	surprise	iota
iota	trust	iota
enumerate	anger	enumerar
enumerate	anticipation	enumerar
enumerate	disgust	enumerar
enumerate	fear	enumerar
enumerate	joy	enumerar
enumerate	negative	enumerar
enumerate	positive	enumerar
enumerate	sadness	enumerar
enumerate	surprise	enumerar
enumerate	trust	enumerar
prescient	anger	prescient
prescient	anticipation	prescient
prescient	disgust	prescient
prescient	fear	prescient
prescient	joy	prescient
prescient	negative	prescient
prescient	positive	prescient
prescient	sadness	prescient
prescient	surprise	prescient
prescient	trust	prescient
adder	anger	adder
adder	anticipation	adder
adder	disgust	adder
adder	fear	adder
adder	joy	adder
adder	negative	adder
adder	positive	adder
adder	sadness	adder
adder	surprise	adder
adder	trust	adder
lightness	anger	lightness
lightness	anticipation	lightness
lightness	disgust	lightness
lightness	fear	lightness
lightness	joy	lightness
lightness	negative	lightness
lightness	positive	lightness
lightness	sadness	lightness
lightness	surprise	lightness
lightness	trust	lightness
voucher	anger	vale
voucher	anticipation	de vale
voucher	disgust	de vale
voucher	fear	de vale
voucher	joy	vale
voucher	negative	de vale
voucher	positive	de vale
voucher	sadness	de vale
voucher	surprise	vale
voucher	trust	de vale
henceforth	anger	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	anticipation	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	disgust	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	fear	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	joy	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	negative	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	positive	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	sadness	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	surprise	de ahora en adelante
henceforth	trust	de ahora en adelante
importance	anger	importancia
importance	anticipation	de importancia
importance	disgust	de importancia
importance	fear	de importancia
importance	joy	importancia
importance	negative	de importancia
importance	positive	de importancia
importance	sadness	de importancia
importance	surprise	importancia
importance	trust	de importancia
gymnastic	anger	gimnástica
gymnastic	anticipation	gimnástico
gymnastic	disgust	gimnástico
gymnastic	fear	gimnástico
gymnastic	joy	gimnástico
gymnastic	negative	gimnástico
gymnastic	positive	gimnástico
gymnastic	sadness	prolongación
gymnastic	surprise	de prolongación
gymnastic	trust	gimnástica
prolongation	anger	gimnástica
prolongation	anticipation	gimnástica
prolongation	disgust	prolongación
prolongation	fear	de prolongación
prolongation	joy	de prolongación
prolongation	negative	de prolongación
prolongation	positive	prolongación
prolongation	sadness	de prolongación
prolongation	surprise	de prolongación
prolongation	trust	de prolongación
reprint	anger	reimpresión
reprint	anticipation	de reimpresión
reprint	disgust	de reimpresión
reprint	fear	de reimpresión
reprint	joy	reimpresión
reprint	negative	de reimpresión
reprint	positive	de reimpresión
reprint	sadness	de reimpresión
reprint	surprise	personas
reprint	trust	de personas
people	anger	de reimpresión
people	anticipation	de reimpresión
people	disgust	personas
people	fear	de personas
people	joy	de personas
people	negative	de personas
people	positive	personas
people	sadness	de personas
people	surprise	de personas
people	trust	de personas
lift	anger	ascensor
lift	anticipation	de ascensor
lift	disgust	de ascensor
lift	fear	de ascensor
lift	joy	ascensor
lift	negative	de ascensor
lift	positive	de ascensor
lift	sadness	de ascensor
lift	surprise	ascensor
lift	trust	de ascensor
identify	anger	identifica
identify	anticipation	identificar
identify	disgust	identificar
identify	fear	identificar
identify	joy	identificar
identify	negative	identificar
identify	positive	identificar
identify	sadness	identificar
identify	surprise	identificar
identify	trust	identificar
bonnet	anger	sombrero
bonnet	anticipation	de sombrero
bonnet	disgust	de sombrero
bonnet	fear	de sombrero
bonnet	joy	sombrero
bonnet	negative	de sombrero
bonnet	positive	de sombrero
bonnet	sadness	de sombrero
bonnet	surprise	sombrero
bonnet	trust	de sombrero
divine	anger	divino
divine	anticipation	divino
divine	disgust	divino
divine	fear	divino
divine	joy	divino
divine	negative	divino
divine	positive	divino
divine	sadness	divino
divine	surprise	divino
divine	trust	divino
aristocratic	anger	aristocrático
aristocratic	anticipation	aristocrático
aristocratic	disgust	aristocrático
aristocratic	fear	aristocrático
aristocratic	joy	aristocrático
aristocratic	negative	aristocrático
aristocratic	positive	aristocrático
aristocratic	sadness	aristocrático
aristocratic	surprise	aristocrático
aristocratic	trust	aristocrático
obey	anger	obedecer
obey	anticipation	obedecer
obey	disgust	obedecer
obey	fear	obedecer
obey	joy	obedecer
obey	negative	obedecer
obey	positive	obedecer
obey	sadness	obedecer
obey	surprise	obedecer
obey	trust	obedecer
tidings	anger	tidings
tidings	anticipation	tidings
tidings	disgust	tidings
tidings	fear	tidings
tidings	joy	tidings
tidings	negative	tidings
tidings	positive	tidings
tidings	sadness	tidings
tidings	surprise	tidings
tidings	trust	tidings
source	anger	fuente
source	anticipation	de fuente
source	disgust	de fuente
source	fear	de fuente
source	joy	fuente
source	negative	de fuente
source	positive	de fuente
source	sadness	de fuente
source	surprise	fuente
source	trust	de fuente
inaugural	anger	inaugural
inaugural	anticipation	inaugural
inaugural	disgust	inaugural
inaugural	fear	inaugural
inaugural	joy	inaugural
inaugural	negative	inaugural
inaugural	positive	inaugural
inaugural	sadness	inaugural
inaugural	surprise	inaugural
inaugural	trust	inaugural
local	anger	local
local	anticipation	local
local	disgust	local
local	fear	local
local	joy	local
local	negative	local
local	positive	lugareño
local	sadness	local
local	surprise	local
local	trust	local
sideboard	anger	sideboard
sideboard	anticipation	sideboard
sideboard	disgust	sideboard
sideboard	fear	sideboard
sideboard	joy	sideboard
sideboard	negative	sideboard
sideboard	positive	sideboard
sideboard	sadness	sideboard
sideboard	surprise	sideboard
sideboard	trust	sideboard
deepen	anger	profundizar
deepen	anticipation	profundizar
deepen	disgust	profundizar
deepen	fear	profundizar
deepen	joy	profundizar
deepen	negative	profundizar
deepen	positive	profundizar
deepen	sadness	profundizar
deepen	surprise	profundizar
deepen	trust	profundizar
disconnection	anger	desconexión
disconnection	anticipation	de desconexión
disconnection	disgust	de desconexión
disconnection	fear	de desconexión
disconnection	joy	desconexión
disconnection	negative	de desconexión
disconnection	positive	de desconexión
disconnection	sadness	de desconexión
disconnection	surprise	desconexión
disconnection	trust	de desconexión
marvelous	anger	maravillosa
marvelous	anticipation	maravilloso
marvelous	disgust	maravilloso
marvelous	fear	maravilloso
marvelous	joy	maravilloso
marvelous	negative	maravilloso
marvelous	positive	maravilloso
marvelous	sadness	santuario
marvelous	surprise	de santuario
marvelous	trust	maravilloso
sanctuary	anger	maravilloso
sanctuary	anticipation	maravilloso
sanctuary	disgust	santuario
sanctuary	fear	de santuario
sanctuary	joy	de santuario
sanctuary	negative	de santuario
sanctuary	positive	santuario
sanctuary	sadness	de santuario
sanctuary	surprise	de santuario
sanctuary	trust	de santuario
erection	anger	erección
erection	anticipation	de erección
erection	disgust	de erección
erection	fear	de erección
erection	joy	erección
erection	negative	de erección
erection	positive	de erección
erection	sadness	de erección
erection	surprise	erección
erection	trust	de erección
baptismal	anger	baptismal
baptismal	anticipation	baptismal
baptismal	disgust	baptismal
baptismal	fear	baptismal
baptismal	joy	baptismal
baptismal	negative	baptismal
baptismal	positive	baptismal
baptismal	sadness	baptismal
baptismal	surprise	baptismal
baptismal	trust	baptismal
toss	anger	toss
toss	anticipation	toss
toss	disgust	toss
toss	fear	toss
toss	joy	toss
toss	negative	toss
toss	positive	toss
toss	sadness	toss
toss	surprise	toss
toss	trust	toss
angina	anger	angina
angina	anticipation	de angina
angina	disgust	de angina
angina	fear	de angina
angina	joy	angina
angina	negative	de angina
angina	positive	de angina
angina	sadness	de angina
angina	surprise	litosfera
angina	trust	de litosfera
lithosphere	anger	de angina
lithosphere	anticipation	de angina
lithosphere	disgust	litosfera
lithosphere	fear	de litosfera
lithosphere	joy	de litosfera
lithosphere	negative	de litosfera
lithosphere	positive	litosfera
lithosphere	sadness	de litosfera
lithosphere	surprise	de litosfera
lithosphere	trust	de litosfera
stocking	anger	media
stocking	anticipation	de media
stocking	disgust	de media
stocking	fear	de media
stocking	joy	media
stocking	negative	de media
stocking	positive	de media
stocking	sadness	de media
stocking	surprise	media
stocking	trust	de media
apathetic	anger	apática
apathetic	anticipation	apático
apathetic	disgust	apático
apathetic	fear	apático
apathetic	joy	apático
apathetic	negative	apático
apathetic	positive	apático
apathetic	sadness	apático
apathetic	surprise	apático
apathetic	trust	apático
bandwagon	anger	bandwagon
bandwagon	anticipation	bandwagon
bandwagon	disgust	bandwagon
bandwagon	fear	bandwagon
bandwagon	joy	bandwagon
bandwagon	negative	bandwagon
bandwagon	positive	bandwagon
bandwagon	sadness	bandwagon
bandwagon	surprise	bandwagon
bandwagon	trust	bandwagon
fish	anger	pez
fish	anticipation	de pez
fish	disgust	de pez
fish	fear	de pez
fish	joy	pez
fish	negative	de pez
fish	positive	de pez
fish	sadness	de pez
fish	surprise	pez
fish	trust	de pez
peg	anger	peg
peg	anticipation	peg
peg	disgust	peg
peg	fear	peg
peg	joy	peg
peg	negative	peg
peg	positive	peg
peg	sadness	peg
peg	surprise	peg
peg	trust	peg
paddle	anger	paddle
paddle	anticipation	paddle
paddle	disgust	paddle
paddle	fear	paddle
paddle	joy	paddle
paddle	negative	paddle
paddle	positive	paddle
paddle	sadness	paddle
paddle	surprise	paddle
paddle	trust	paddle
memorize	anger	memorizar
memorize	anticipation	memorizar
memorize	disgust	memorizar
memorize	fear	memorizar
memorize	joy	memorizar
memorize	negative	memorizar
memorize	positive	memorizar
memorize	sadness	memorizar
memorize	surprise	memorizar
memorize	trust	memorizar
ear	anger	oreja
ear	anticipation	de oreja
ear	disgust	de oreja
ear	fear	de oreja
ear	joy	oreja
ear	negative	de oreja
ear	positive	de oreja
ear	sadness	de oreja
ear	surprise	oreja
ear	trust	de oreja
boyhood	anger	boyhood
boyhood	anticipation	boyhood
boyhood	disgust	boyhood
boyhood	fear	boyhood
boyhood	joy	boyhood
boyhood	negative	boyhood
boyhood	positive	boyhood
boyhood	sadness	boyhood
boyhood	surprise	boyhood
boyhood	trust	boyhood
reader	anger	lector
reader	anticipation	de lector
reader	disgust	de lector
reader	fear	de lector
reader	joy	lector
reader	negative	de lector
reader	positive	de lector
reader	sadness	de lector
reader	surprise	lector
reader	trust	de lector
considerate	anger	considerate
considerate	anticipation	considerate
considerate	disgust	considerate
considerate	fear	considerate
considerate	joy	considerate
considerate	negative	considerate
considerate	positive	considerate
considerate	sadness	considerate
considerate	surprise	considerate
considerate	trust	considerate
growl	anger	gruñir
growl	anticipation	gruñir
growl	disgust	gruñir
growl	fear	gruñir
growl	joy	gruñir
growl	negative	gruñir
growl	positive	gruñir
growl	sadness	gruñir
growl	surprise	gruñir
growl	trust	gruñir
lacrosse	anger	lacrosse
lacrosse	anticipation	lacrosse
lacrosse	disgust	lacrosse
lacrosse	fear	lacrosse
lacrosse	joy	lacrosse
lacrosse	negative	lacrosse
lacrosse	positive	lacrosse
lacrosse	sadness	lacrosse
lacrosse	surprise	lacrosse
lacrosse	trust	lacrosse
rump	anger	anca
rump	anticipation	de anca
rump	disgust	de anca
rump	fear	de anca
rump	joy	anca
rump	negative	de anca
rump	positive	de anca
rump	sadness	de anca
rump	surprise	anca
rump	trust	de anca
neoprene	anger	neoprene
neoprene	anticipation	neoprene
neoprene	disgust	neoprene
neoprene	fear	neoprene
neoprene	joy	neoprene
neoprene	negative	neoprene
neoprene	positive	neoprene
neoprene	sadness	neoprene
neoprene	surprise	neoprene
neoprene	trust	neoprene
item	anger	elemento
item	anticipation	de elemento
item	disgust	de elemento
item	fear	de elemento
item	joy	elemento
item	negative	de elemento
item	positive	de elemento
item	sadness	de elemento
item	surprise	ceremonia
item	trust	de ceremonia
ceremony	anger	de elemento
ceremony	anticipation	de elemento
ceremony	disgust	ceremonia
ceremony	fear	de ceremonia
ceremony	joy	de ceremonia
ceremony	negative	de ceremonia
ceremony	positive	ceremonia
ceremony	sadness	de ceremonia
ceremony	surprise	de ceremonia
ceremony	trust	de ceremonia
express	anger	expresa
express	anticipation	expresar
express	disgust	expresar
express	fear	expresar
express	joy	expresar
express	negative	expresar
express	positive	expresar
express	sadness	expresar
express	surprise	expresar
express	trust	expresar
sovereignty	anger	soberanía
sovereignty	anticipation	de soberanía
sovereignty	disgust	de soberanía
sovereignty	fear	de soberanía
sovereignty	joy	soberanía
sovereignty	negative	de soberanía
sovereignty	positive	de soberanía
sovereignty	sadness	de soberanía
sovereignty	surprise	soberanía
sovereignty	trust	de soberanía
tattoo	anger	tattoo
tattoo	anticipation	tattoo
tattoo	disgust	tattoo
tattoo	fear	tattoo
tattoo	joy	tattoo
tattoo	negative	tattoo
tattoo	positive	tattoo
tattoo	sadness	tattoo
tattoo	surprise	tattoo
tattoo	trust	tattoo
opulent	anger	opulent
opulent	anticipation	opulent
opulent	disgust	opulent
opulent	fear	opulent
opulent	joy	opulent
opulent	negative	opulent
opulent	positive	opulent
opulent	sadness	opulent
opulent	surprise	opulent
opulent	trust	opulent
suspicion	anger	sospecha
suspicion	anticipation	de sospecha
suspicion	disgust	de sospecha
suspicion	fear	de sospecha
suspicion	joy	sospecha
suspicion	negative	de sospecha
suspicion	positive	de sospecha
suspicion	sadness	de sospecha
suspicion	surprise	colmena
suspicion	trust	de colmena
hive	anger	de sospecha
hive	anticipation	de sospecha
hive	disgust	colmena
hive	fear	de colmena
hive	joy	de colmena
hive	negative	de colmena
hive	positive	colmena
hive	sadness	de colmena
hive	surprise	de colmena
hive	trust	de colmena
condescending	anger	condescending
condescending	anticipation	condescending
condescending	disgust	condescending
condescending	fear	condescending
condescending	joy	condescending
condescending	negative	condescending
condescending	positive	condescending
condescending	sadness	condescending
condescending	surprise	condescending
condescending	trust	condescending
disclose	anger	revelar
disclose	anticipation	revelar
disclose	disgust	revelar
disclose	fear	revelar
disclose	joy	revelar
disclose	negative	revelar
disclose	positive	revelar
disclose	sadness	revelar
disclose	surprise	revelar
disclose	trust	revelar
manor	anger	manor
manor	anticipation	manor
manor	disgust	manor
manor	fear	manor
manor	joy	manor
manor	negative	manor
manor	positive	manor
manor	sadness	manor
manor	surprise	manor
manor	trust	manor
drill	anger	perforar
drill	anticipation	perforar
drill	disgust	perforar
drill	fear	perforar
drill	joy	perforar
drill	negative	perforar
drill	positive	perforar
drill	sadness	perforar
drill	surprise	perforar
drill	trust	perforar
taxonomy	anger	taxonomía
taxonomy	anticipation	de taxonomía
taxonomy	disgust	de taxonomía
taxonomy	fear	de taxonomía
taxonomy	joy	taxonomía
taxonomy	negative	de taxonomía
taxonomy	positive	de taxonomía
taxonomy	sadness	de taxonomía
taxonomy	surprise	taxonomía
taxonomy	trust	de taxonomía
sufficient	anger	suficiente
sufficient	anticipation	suficiente
sufficient	disgust	suficiente
sufficient	fear	suficiente
sufficient	joy	suficiente
sufficient	negative	suficiente
sufficient	positive	suficiente
sufficient	sadness	pronunciación
sufficient	surprise	de pronunciación
sufficient	trust	suficiente
pronunciation	anger	suficiente
pronunciation	anticipation	suficiente
pronunciation	disgust	pronunciación
pronunciation	fear	de pronunciación
pronunciation	joy	de pronunciación
pronunciation	negative	de pronunciación
pronunciation	positive	pronunciación
pronunciation	sadness	de pronunciación
pronunciation	surprise	de pronunciación
pronunciation	trust	de pronunciación
particulars	anger	particulars
particulars	anticipation	particulars
particulars	disgust	particulars
particulars	fear	particulars
particulars	joy	particulars
particulars	negative	particulars
particulars	positive	particulars
particulars	sadness	particulars
particulars	surprise	particulars
particulars	trust	particulars
caulk	anger	caulk
caulk	anticipation	caulk
caulk	disgust	caulk
caulk	fear	caulk
caulk	joy	caulk
caulk	negative	caulk
caulk	positive	caulk
caulk	sadness	caulk
caulk	surprise	caulk
caulk	trust	caulk
initiate	anger	iniciar
initiate	anticipation	iniciar
initiate	disgust	iniciar
initiate	fear	iniciar
initiate	joy	iniciar
initiate	negative	iniciar
initiate	positive	iniciar
initiate	sadness	iniciar
initiate	surprise	iniciar
initiate	trust	iniciar
quantify	anger	cuantificar
quantify	anticipation	cuantificar
quantify	disgust	cuantificar
quantify	fear	cuantificar
quantify	joy	cuantificar
quantify	negative	cuantificar
quantify	positive	cuantificar
quantify	sadness	cuantificar
quantify	surprise	cuantificar
quantify	trust	cuantificar
yank	anger	yank
yank	anticipation	yank
yank	disgust	yank
yank	fear	yank
yank	joy	yank
yank	negative	yank
yank	positive	yank
yank	sadness	yank
yank	surprise	yank
yank	trust	yank
downy	anger	downy
downy	anticipation	downy
downy	disgust	downy
downy	fear	downy
downy	joy	downy
downy	negative	downy
downy	positive	downy
downy	sadness	downy
downy	surprise	downy
downy	trust	downy
enroll	anger	enroll
enroll	anticipation	enroll
enroll	disgust	enroll
enroll	fear	enroll
enroll	joy	enroll
enroll	negative	enroll
enroll	positive	enroll
enroll	sadness	enroll
enroll	surprise	enroll
enroll	trust	enroll
halving	anger	halving
halving	anticipation	halving
halving	disgust	halving
halving	fear	halving
halving	joy	halving
halving	negative	halving
halving	positive	halving
halving	sadness	halving
halving	surprise	halving
halving	trust	halving
sac	anger	saco
sac	anticipation	de saco
sac	disgust	de saco
sac	fear	de saco
sac	joy	saco
sac	negative	de saco
sac	positive	de saco
sac	sadness	de saco
sac	surprise	saco
sac	trust	de saco
fathom	anger	fathom
fathom	anticipation	fathom
fathom	disgust	fathom
fathom	fear	fathom
fathom	joy	fathom
fathom	negative	fathom
fathom	positive	fathom
fathom	sadness	fathom
fathom	surprise	fathom
fathom	trust	fathom
finish	anger	llegada
finish	anticipation	de llegada
finish	disgust	de llegada
finish	fear	de llegada
finish	joy	llegada
finish	negative	de llegada
finish	positive	de llegada
finish	sadness	de llegada
finish	surprise	llegada
finish	trust	de llegada que
affecting	anger	afecta
affecting	anticipation	afectando
affecting	disgust	afectando
affecting	fear	afectando
affecting	joy	afectando
affecting	negative	afectando
affecting	positive	afectando
affecting	sadness	afectando
affecting	surprise	afectando
affecting	trust	afectando
quarto	anger	quarto
quarto	anticipation	quarto
quarto	disgust	quarto
quarto	fear	quarto
quarto	joy	quarto
quarto	negative	quarto
quarto	positive	quarto
quarto	sadness	quarto
quarto	surprise	quarto
quarto	trust	quarto
eligible	anger	elegible
eligible	anticipation	elegible
eligible	disgust	elegible
eligible	fear	elegible
eligible	joy	elegible
eligible	negative	elegible
eligible	positive	elegible
eligible	sadness	elegible
eligible	surprise	elegible
eligible	trust	elegible
standpoint	anger	standpoint
standpoint	anticipation	standpoint
standpoint	disgust	standpoint
standpoint	fear	standpoint
standpoint	joy	standpoint
standpoint	negative	standpoint
standpoint	positive	standpoint
standpoint	sadness	standpoint
standpoint	surprise	standpoint
standpoint	trust	standpoint
parade	anger	desfile
parade	anticipation	de desfile
parade	disgust	de desfile
parade	fear	de desfile
parade	joy	desfile
parade	negative	de desfile
parade	positive	de desfile
parade	sadness	de desfile
parade	surprise	desfile
parade	trust	de desfile
transcriber	anger	transcriber
transcriber	anticipation	transcriber
transcriber	disgust	transcriber
transcriber	fear	transcriber
transcriber	joy	transcriber
transcriber	negative	transcriber
transcriber	positive	transcriber
transcriber	sadness	transcriber
transcriber	surprise	transcriber
transcriber	trust	transcriber
valance	anger	valance
valance	anticipation	valance
valance	disgust	valance
valance	fear	valance
valance	joy	valance
valance	negative	valance
valance	positive	valance
valance	sadness	valance
valance	surprise	valance
valance	trust	valance
intimacy	anger	intimacy
intimacy	anticipation	intimacy
intimacy	disgust	intimacy
intimacy	fear	intimacy
intimacy	joy	intimacy
intimacy	negative	intimacy
intimacy	positive	intimacy
intimacy	sadness	intimacy
intimacy	surprise	intimacy
intimacy	trust	intimacy
mundane	anger	mundano
mundane	anticipation	mundano
mundane	disgust	mundano
mundane	fear	mundano
mundane	joy	mundano
mundane	negative	mundano
mundane	positive	mundano
mundane	sadness	mundano
mundane	surprise	mundano
mundane	trust	mundano
irresponsible	anger	irresponsable
irresponsible	anticipation	irresponsable
irresponsible	disgust	irresponsable
irresponsible	fear	irresponsable
irresponsible	joy	irresponsable
irresponsible	negative	irresponsable
irresponsible	positive	irresponsable
irresponsible	sadness	venda
irresponsible	surprise	de venda
irresponsible	trust	irresponsable
bandage	anger	irresponsable
bandage	anticipation	irresponsable
bandage	disgust	venda
bandage	fear	de venda
bandage	joy	de venda
bandage	negative	de venda
bandage	positive	venda
bandage	sadness	de venda
bandage	surprise	de venda
bandage	trust	de venda
return	anger	regreso
return	anticipation	de regreso
return	disgust	de regreso
return	fear	de regreso
return	joy	regreso
return	negative	de regreso
return	positive	de regreso
return	sadness	de regreso
return	surprise	regreso
return	trust	de regreso
hatch	anger	empolla
hatch	anticipation	empollar
hatch	disgust	empollar
hatch	fear	empollar
hatch	joy	empollar
hatch	negative	empollar
hatch	positive	empollar
hatch	sadness	empollar
hatch	surprise	empollar
hatch	trust	empollar
bishop	anger	obispo
bishop	anticipation	de obispo
bishop	disgust	de obispo
bishop	fear	de obispo
bishop	joy	obispo
bishop	negative	de obispo
bishop	positive	de obispo
bishop	sadness	de obispo
bishop	surprise	obispo
bishop	trust	de obispo
tunable	anger	tunable
tunable	anticipation	tunable
tunable	disgust	tunable
tunable	fear	tunable
tunable	joy	tunable
tunable	negative	tunable
tunable	positive	tunable
tunable	sadness	tunable
tunable	surprise	tunable
tunable	trust	tunable
patrol	anger	patrullero
patrol	anticipation	patrullero
patrol	disgust	patrullero
patrol	fear	patrullero
patrol	joy	patrullero
patrol	negative	patrullero
patrol	positive	patrulla
patrol	sadness	patrullera
patrol	surprise	patrullera
patrol	trust	patrullera
unopposed	anger	unopposed
unopposed	anticipation	unopposed
unopposed	disgust	unopposed
unopposed	fear	unopposed
unopposed	joy	unopposed
unopposed	negative	unopposed
unopposed	positive	unopposed
unopposed	sadness	unopposed
unopposed	surprise	unopposed
unopposed	trust	unopposed
restriction	anger	restricción
restriction	anticipation	de restricción
restriction	disgust	de restricción
restriction	fear	de restricción
restriction	joy	restricción
restriction	negative	de restricción
restriction	positive	de restricción
restriction	sadness	de restricción
restriction	surprise	restricción
restriction	trust	de restricción
omnipresent	anger	omnipresent
omnipresent	anticipation	omnipresent
omnipresent	disgust	omnipresent
omnipresent	fear	omnipresent
omnipresent	joy	omnipresent
omnipresent	negative	omnipresent
omnipresent	positive	omnipresent
omnipresent	sadness	omnipresent
omnipresent	surprise	omnipresent
omnipresent	trust	omnipresent
gratitude	anger	agradecimiento
gratitude	anticipation	de agradecimiento
gratitude	disgust	de agradecimiento
gratitude	fear	de agradecimiento
gratitude	joy	agradecimiento
gratitude	negative	de agradecimiento
gratitude	positive	de agradecimiento
gratitude	sadness	de agradecimiento
gratitude	surprise	agradecimiento
gratitude	trust	de agradecimiento
juncture	anger	juncture
juncture	anticipation	juncture
juncture	disgust	juncture
juncture	fear	juncture
juncture	joy	juncture
juncture	negative	juncture
juncture	positive	juncture
juncture	sadness	juncture
juncture	surprise	juncture
juncture	trust	juncture
antenna	anger	antena
antenna	anticipation	de antena
antenna	disgust	de antena
antenna	fear	de antena
antenna	joy	antena
antenna	negative	de antena
antenna	positive	de antena
antenna	sadness	de antena
antenna	surprise	túnica
antenna	trust	de túnica
robe	anger	de antena
robe	anticipation	de antena
robe	disgust	túnica
robe	fear	de túnica
robe	joy	de túnica
robe	negative	de túnica
robe	positive	túnica
robe	sadness	de túnica
robe	surprise	de túnica
robe	trust	de túnica
epistle	anger	epístola
epistle	anticipation	de epístola
epistle	disgust	de epístola
epistle	fear	de epístola
epistle	joy	epístola
epistle	negative	de epístola
epistle	positive	de epístola
epistle	sadness	de epístola
epistle	surprise	epístola
epistle	trust	de epístola
impound	anger	embarga
impound	anticipation	embargar
impound	disgust	embargar
impound	fear	embargar
impound	joy	embargar
impound	negative	embargar
impound	positive	embargar
impound	sadness	embargar
impound	surprise	embargar
impound	trust	embargar
stone	anger	piedra
stone	anticipation	de piedra
stone	disgust	de piedra
stone	fear	de piedra
stone	joy	piedra
stone	negative	de piedra
stone	positive	de piedra
stone	sadness	de piedra
stone	surprise	ministro
stone	trust	de ministro
minister	anger	de piedra
minister	anticipation	de piedra
minister	disgust	ministro
minister	fear	de ministro
minister	joy	de ministro
minister	negative	de ministro
minister	positive	ministro
minister	sadness	de ministro
minister	surprise	de ministro
minister	trust	de ministro
snail	anger	caracol
snail	anticipation	de caracol
snail	disgust	de caracol
snail	fear	de caracol
snail	joy	caracol
snail	negative	de caracol
snail	positive	de caracol
snail	sadness	de caracol
snail	surprise	caracol
snail	trust	de caracol
celebrant	anger	celebrant
celebrant	anticipation	celebrant
celebrant	disgust	celebrant
celebrant	fear	celebrant
celebrant	joy	celebrant
celebrant	negative	celebrant
celebrant	positive	celebrant
celebrant	sadness	celebrant
celebrant	surprise	celebrant
celebrant	trust	celebrant
untenable	anger	untenable
untenable	anticipation	untenable
untenable	disgust	untenable
untenable	fear	untenable
untenable	joy	untenable
untenable	negative	untenable
untenable	positive	untenable
untenable	sadness	untenable
untenable	surprise	untenable
untenable	trust	untenable
expose	anger	exponer
expose	anticipation	exponer
expose	disgust	exponer
expose	fear	exponer
expose	joy	exponer
expose	negative	exponer
expose	positive	exponer
expose	sadness	exponer
expose	surprise	exponer
expose	trust	exponer
undisclosed	anger	undisclosed
undisclosed	anticipation	undisclosed
undisclosed	disgust	undisclosed
undisclosed	fear	undisclosed
undisclosed	joy	undisclosed
undisclosed	negative	undisclosed
undisclosed	positive	undisclosed
undisclosed	sadness	undisclosed
undisclosed	surprise	undisclosed
undisclosed	trust	undisclosed
precious	anger	precioso
precious	anticipation	precioso
precious	disgust	precioso
precious	fear	precioso
precious	joy	precioso
precious	negative	precioso
precious	positive	precioso
precious	sadness	precioso
precious	surprise	precioso
precious	trust	precioso
sentry	anger	sentry
sentry	anticipation	sentry
sentry	disgust	sentry
sentry	fear	sentry
sentry	joy	sentry
sentry	negative	sentry
sentry	positive	sentry
sentry	sadness	sentry
sentry	surprise	sentry
sentry	trust	sentry
demented	anger	demented
demented	anticipation	demented
demented	disgust	demented
demented	fear	demented
demented	joy	demented
demented	negative	demented
demented	positive	demented
demented	sadness	demented
demented	surprise	demented
demented	trust	demented
episode	anger	episodio
episode	anticipation	de episodio
episode	disgust	de episodio
episode	fear	de episodio
episode	joy	episodio
episode	negative	de episodio
episode	positive	de episodio
episode	sadness	de episodio
episode	surprise	episodio
episode	trust	de episodio
clearness	anger	clearness
clearness	anticipation	clearness
clearness	disgust	clearness
clearness	fear	clearness
clearness	joy	clearness
clearness	negative	clearness
clearness	positive	clearness
clearness	sadness	clearness
clearness	surprise	clearness
clearness	trust	clearness
warlike	anger	belicoso
warlike	anticipation	belicoso
warlike	disgust	belicoso
warlike	fear	belicoso
warlike	joy	belicoso
warlike	negative	belicoso
warlike	positive	belicoso
warlike	sadness	prohibición
warlike	surprise	de prohibición
warlike	trust	belicosa
prohibition	anger	belicosa
prohibition	anticipation	belicosa
prohibition	disgust	prohibición
prohibition	fear	de prohibición
prohibition	joy	de prohibición
prohibition	negative	de prohibición
prohibition	positive	prohibición
prohibition	sadness	de prohibición
prohibition	surprise	de prohibición
prohibition	trust	de prohibición
guaranty	anger	guaranty
guaranty	anticipation	guaranty
guaranty	disgust	guaranty
guaranty	fear	guaranty
guaranty	joy	guaranty
guaranty	negative	guaranty
guaranty	positive	guaranty
guaranty	sadness	guaranty
guaranty	surprise	guaranty
guaranty	trust	guaranty
thorn	anger	thorn
thorn	anticipation	thorn
thorn	disgust	thorn
thorn	fear	thorn
thorn	joy	thorn
thorn	negative	thorn
thorn	positive	thorn
thorn	sadness	thorn
thorn	surprise	thorn
thorn	trust	thorn
canonical	anger	canónico
canonical	anticipation	canónico
canonical	disgust	canónico
canonical	fear	canónico
canonical	joy	canónico
canonical	negative	canónico
canonical	positive	canónico
canonical	sadness	obstáculo
canonical	surprise	de obstáculo
canonical	trust	canónico
obstacle	anger	canónico
obstacle	anticipation	canónico
obstacle	disgust	obstáculo
obstacle	fear	de obstáculo
obstacle	joy	de obstáculo
obstacle	negative	de obstáculo
obstacle	positive	obstáculo
obstacle	sadness	de obstáculo
obstacle	surprise	de obstáculo
obstacle	trust	de obstáculo
fracture	anger	fractura
fracture	anticipation	de fractura
fracture	disgust	de fractura
fracture	fear	de fractura
fracture	joy	fractura
fracture	negative	de fractura
fracture	positive	de fractura
fracture	sadness	de fractura
fracture	surprise	fractura
fracture	trust	de fractura
garish	anger	garish
garish	anticipation	garish
garish	disgust	garish
garish	fear	garish
garish	joy	garish
garish	negative	garish
garish	positive	garish
garish	sadness	garish
garish	surprise	garish
garish	trust	garish
burr	anger	burr
burr	anticipation	burr
burr	disgust	burr
burr	fear	burr
burr	joy	burr
burr	negative	burr
burr	positive	burr
burr	sadness	burr
burr	surprise	burr
burr	trust	burr
cerebral	anger	cerebral
cerebral	anticipation	cerebral
cerebral	disgust	cerebral
cerebral	fear	cerebral
cerebral	joy	cerebral
cerebral	negative	cerebral
cerebral	positive	cerebral
cerebral	sadness	obstrucción
cerebral	surprise	de obstrucción
cerebral	trust	cerebral
obstruction	anger	cerebral
obstruction	anticipation	cerebral
obstruction	disgust	obstrucción
obstruction	fear	de obstrucción
obstruction	joy	de obstrucción
obstruction	negative	de obstrucción
obstruction	positive	obstrucción
obstruction	sadness	de obstrucción
obstruction	surprise	de obstrucción
obstruction	trust	de obstrucción
collide	anger	collide
collide	anticipation	collide
collide	disgust	collide
collide	fear	collide
collide	joy	collide
collide	negative	collide
collide	positive	collide
collide	sadness	collide
collide	surprise	collide
collide	trust	collide
huff	anger	huff
huff	anticipation	huff
huff	disgust	huff
huff	fear	huff
huff	joy	huff
huff	negative	huff
huff	positive	huff
huff	sadness	huff
huff	surprise	huff
huff	trust	huff
cutter	anger	cortador
cutter	anticipation	de cortador
cutter	disgust	de cortador
cutter	fear	de cortador
cutter	joy	cortador
cutter	negative	de cortador
cutter	positive	de cortador
cutter	sadness	de cortador
cutter	surprise	cómplice
cutter	trust	de cómplice
accomplice	anger	de cortador
accomplice	anticipation	de cortador
accomplice	disgust	cómplice
accomplice	fear	de cómplice
accomplice	joy	de cómplice
accomplice	negative	de cómplice
accomplice	positive	cómplice
accomplice	sadness	de cómplice
accomplice	surprise	de cómplice
accomplice	trust	de cómplice
virtuoso	anger	virtuoso
virtuoso	anticipation	virtuoso
virtuoso	disgust	virtuoso
virtuoso	fear	virtuoso
virtuoso	joy	virtuoso
virtuoso	negative	virtuoso
virtuoso	positive	virtuoso
virtuoso	sadness	virtuoso
virtuoso	surprise	virtuoso
virtuoso	trust	virtuoso
viable	anger	viable
viable	anticipation	viable
viable	disgust	viable
viable	fear	viable
viable	joy	viable
viable	negative	viable
viable	positive	viable
viable	sadness	viable
viable	surprise	viable
viable	trust	viable
spend	anger	gastar
spend	anticipation	gastar
spend	disgust	gastar
spend	fear	gastar
spend	joy	gastar
spend	negative	gastar
spend	positive	gastar
spend	sadness	gastar
spend	surprise	gastar
spend	trust	gastar
regulate	anger	regular
regulate	anticipation	regular
regulate	disgust	regular
regulate	fear	regular
regulate	joy	regular
regulate	negative	regular
regulate	positive	regular
regulate	sadness	regular
regulate	surprise	regular
regulate	trust	regular
breeding	anger	criando
breeding	anticipation	criando
breeding	disgust	criando
breeding	fear	criando
breeding	joy	criando
breeding	negative	criando
breeding	positive	criando
breeding	sadness	criando
breeding	surprise	criando
breeding	trust	criando
matted	anger	matted
matted	anticipation	matted
matted	disgust	matted
matted	fear	matted
matted	joy	matted
matted	negative	matted
matted	positive	matted
matted	sadness	matted
matted	surprise	matted
matted	trust	matted
photographer	anger	fotógrafo
photographer	anticipation	de fotógrafo
photographer	disgust	de fotógrafo
photographer	fear	de fotógrafo
photographer	joy	fotógrafo
photographer	negative	de fotógrafo
photographer	positive	de fotógrafo
photographer	sadness	de fotógrafo
photographer	surprise	fotógrafo
photographer	trust	de fotógrafo
accusation	anger	accusation
accusation	anticipation	accusation
accusation	disgust	accusation
accusation	fear	accusation
accusation	joy	accusation
accusation	negative	accusation
accusation	positive	accusation
accusation	sadness	accusation
accusation	surprise	accusation
accusation	trust	accusation
daze	anger	daze
daze	anticipation	daze
daze	disgust	daze
daze	fear	daze
daze	joy	daze
daze	negative	daze
daze	positive	daze
daze	sadness	daze
daze	surprise	daze
daze	trust	daze
mandamus	anger	mandamus
mandamus	anticipation	mandamus
mandamus	disgust	mandamus
mandamus	fear	mandamus
mandamus	joy	mandamus
mandamus	negative	mandamus
mandamus	positive	mandamus
mandamus	sadness	mandamus
mandamus	surprise	mandamus
mandamus	trust	mandamus
dismiss	anger	rechazar
dismiss	anticipation	rechazar
dismiss	disgust	rechazar
dismiss	fear	rechazar
dismiss	joy	rechazar
dismiss	negative	rechazar
dismiss	positive	rechazar
dismiss	sadness	rechazar
dismiss	surprise	rechazar
dismiss	trust	rechazar
subsequent	anger	subsiguiente
subsequent	anticipation	subsiguiente
subsequent	disgust	subsiguiente
subsequent	fear	subsiguiente
subsequent	joy	subsiguiente
subsequent	negative	subsiguiente
subsequent	positive	subsiguiente
subsequent	sadness	subsiguiente
subsequent	surprise	subsiguiente
subsequent	trust	subsiguiente
proficient	anger	proficient
proficient	anticipation	proficient
proficient	disgust	proficient
proficient	fear	proficient
proficient	joy	proficient
proficient	negative	proficient
proficient	positive	proficient
proficient	sadness	proficient
proficient	surprise	proficient
proficient	trust	proficient
mediterranean	anger	mediterranean
mediterranean	anticipation	mediterranean
mediterranean	disgust	mediterranean
mediterranean	fear	mediterranean
mediterranean	joy	mediterranean
mediterranean	negative	mediterranean
mediterranean	positive	mediterranean
mediterranean	sadness	mediterranean
mediterranean	surprise	mediterranean
mediterranean	trust	mediterranean
trolley	anger	trolley
trolley	anticipation	trolley
trolley	disgust	trolley
trolley	fear	trolley
trolley	joy	trolley
trolley	negative	trolley
trolley	positive	trolley
trolley	sadness	trolley
trolley	surprise	trolley
trolley	trust	trolley
marshal	anger	mariscal
marshal	anticipation	de mariscal
marshal	disgust	de mariscal
marshal	fear	de mariscal
marshal	joy	mariscal
marshal	negative	de mariscal
marshal	positive	de mariscal
marshal	sadness	de mariscal
marshal	surprise	mariscal
marshal	trust	de mariscal
inform	anger	informa
inform	anticipation	informar
inform	disgust	informar
inform	fear	informar
inform	joy	informar
inform	negative	informar
inform	positive	informar
inform	sadness	informar
inform	surprise	informar
inform	trust	informar
nodule	anger	nódulo
nodule	anticipation	de nódulo
nodule	disgust	de nódulo
nodule	fear	de nódulo
nodule	joy	nódulo
nodule	negative	de nódulo
nodule	positive	de nódulo
nodule	sadness	de nódulo
nodule	surprise	nódulo
nodule	trust	de nódulo
indomitable	anger	indomitable
indomitable	anticipation	indomitable
indomitable	disgust	indomitable
indomitable	fear	indomitable
indomitable	joy	indomitable
indomitable	negative	indomitable
indomitable	positive	indomitable
indomitable	sadness	indomitable
indomitable	surprise	indomitable
indomitable	trust	indomitable
mound	anger	mound
mound	anticipation	mound
mound	disgust	mound
mound	fear	mound
mound	joy	mound
mound	negative	mound
mound	positive	mound
mound	sadness	mound
mound	surprise	mound
mound	trust	mound
allusion	anger	alusión
allusion	anticipation	de alusión
allusion	disgust	de alusión
allusion	fear	de alusión
allusion	joy	alusión
allusion	negative	de alusión
allusion	positive	de alusión
allusion	sadness	de alusión
allusion	surprise	diversidad
allusion	trust	de diversidad
diversity	anger	de alusión
diversity	anticipation	de alusión
diversity	disgust	diversidad
diversity	fear	de diversidad
diversity	joy	de diversidad
diversity	negative	de diversidad
diversity	positive	diversidad
diversity	sadness	de diversidad
diversity	surprise	de diversidad
diversity	trust	de diversidad
grounds	anger	tierras
grounds	anticipation	de tierras
grounds	disgust	de tierras
grounds	fear	de tierras
grounds	joy	tierras
grounds	negative	de tierras
grounds	positive	de tierras
grounds	sadness	de tierras
grounds	surprise	vagabundo
grounds	trust	de vagabundo
tramp	anger	de tierras
tramp	anticipation	de tierras
tramp	disgust	vagabundo
tramp	fear	de vagabundo
tramp	joy	de vagabundo
tramp	negative	de vagabundo
tramp	positive	vagabundo
tramp	sadness	de vagabundo
tramp	surprise	de vagabundo
tramp	trust	de vagabundo
implant	anger	implante
implant	anticipation	de implante
implant	disgust	de implante
implant	fear	de implante
implant	joy	implante
implant	negative	de implante
implant	positive	de implante
implant	sadness	de implante
implant	surprise	implante
implant	trust	de implante
cadaver	anger	cadaver
cadaver	anticipation	cadaver
cadaver	disgust	cadaver
cadaver	fear	cadaver
cadaver	joy	cadaver
cadaver	negative	cadaver
cadaver	positive	cadaver
cadaver	sadness	cadaver
cadaver	surprise	cadaver
cadaver	trust	cadaver
twentieth	anger	vigésimo
twentieth	anticipation	vigésimo
twentieth	disgust	vigésimo
twentieth	fear	vigésimo
twentieth	joy	vigésimo
twentieth	negative	vigésimo
twentieth	positive	vigésimo
twentieth	sadness	vigésimo
twentieth	surprise	vigésimo
twentieth	trust	vigésimo
wad	anger	wad
wad	anticipation	wad
wad	disgust	wad
wad	fear	wad
wad	joy	wad
wad	negative	wad
wad	positive	wad
wad	sadness	wad
wad	surprise	wad
wad	trust	wad
offend	anger	ofender
offend	anticipation	ofender
offend	disgust	ofender
offend	fear	ofender
offend	joy	ofender
offend	negative	ofender
offend	positive	ofender
offend	sadness	ofender
offend	surprise	ofender
offend	trust	ofender
diocesan	anger	diocesan
diocesan	anticipation	diocesan
diocesan	disgust	diocesan
diocesan	fear	diocesan
diocesan	joy	diocesan
diocesan	negative	diocesan
diocesan	positive	diocesan
diocesan	sadness	diocesan
diocesan	surprise	diocesan
diocesan	trust	diocesan
depraved	anger	depraved
depraved	anticipation	depraved
depraved	disgust	depraved
depraved	fear	depraved
depraved	joy	depraved
depraved	negative	depraved
depraved	positive	depraved
depraved	sadness	depraved
depraved	surprise	depraved
depraved	trust	depraved
meander	anger	meandro
meander	anticipation	de meandro
meander	disgust	de meandro
meander	fear	de meandro
meander	joy	meandro
meander	negative	de meandro
meander	positive	de meandro
meander	sadness	de meandro
meander	surprise	meandro
meander	trust	de meandro
approximately	anger	aproximadamente
approximately	anticipation	aproximadamente
approximately	disgust	aproximadamente
approximately	fear	aproximadamente
approximately	joy	aproximadamente
approximately	negative	aproximadamente
approximately	positive	aproximadamente
approximately	sadness	aproximadamente
approximately	surprise	aproximadamente
approximately	trust	aproximadamente
infarct	anger	infarto
infarct	anticipation	de infarto
infarct	disgust	de infarto
infarct	fear	de infarto
infarct	joy	infarto
infarct	negative	de infarto
infarct	positive	de infarto
infarct	sadness	de infarto
infarct	surprise	infarto
infarct	trust	de infarto que
kneeling	anger	arrodilla
kneeling	anticipation	arrodillando
kneeling	disgust	arrodillando
kneeling	fear	arrodillando
kneeling	joy	arrodillando
kneeling	negative	arrodillando
kneeling	positive	arrodillando
kneeling	sadness	arrodillando
kneeling	surprise	arrodillando
kneeling	trust	arrodillando
flash	anger	centellea
flash	anticipation	centellear
flash	disgust	centellear
flash	fear	centellear
flash	joy	centellear
flash	negative	centellear
flash	positive	centellear
flash	sadness	centellear
flash	surprise	centellear
flash	trust	centellear
bevel	anger	bisel
bevel	anticipation	de bisel
bevel	disgust	de bisel
bevel	fear	de bisel
bevel	joy	bisel
bevel	negative	de bisel
bevel	positive	de bisel
bevel	sadness	de bisel
bevel	surprise	pliegue
bevel	trust	de pliegue
fold	anger	de bisel
fold	anticipation	de bisel
fold	disgust	pliegue
fold	fear	de pliegue
fold	joy	de pliegue
fold	negative	de pliegue
fold	positive	pliegue
fold	sadness	de pliegue
fold	surprise	de pliegue
fold	trust	de pliegue
binary	anger	binario
binary	anticipation	binario
binary	disgust	binario
binary	fear	binario
binary	joy	binario
binary	negative	binario
binary	positive	binario
binary	sadness	panacea
binary	surprise	de panacea
binary	trust	binaria
panacea	anger	binaria
panacea	anticipation	binaria
panacea	disgust	panacea
panacea	fear	de panacea
panacea	joy	de panacea
panacea	negative	de panacea
panacea	positive	panacea
panacea	sadness	de panacea
panacea	surprise	de panacea
panacea	trust	de panacea
champion	anger	campeón
champion	anticipation	de campeón
champion	disgust	de campeón
champion	fear	de campeón
champion	joy	campeón
champion	negative	de campeón
champion	positive	de campeón
champion	sadness	de campeón
champion	surprise	campeón
champion	trust	de campeón que
neglecting	anger	desatiende
neglecting	anticipation	desatendiendo
neglecting	disgust	desatendiendo
neglecting	fear	desatendiendo
neglecting	joy	desatendiendo
neglecting	negative	desatendiendo
neglecting	positive	desatendiendo
neglecting	sadness	desatendiendo
neglecting	surprise	desatendiendo
neglecting	trust	desatendiendo
gloomy	anger	gloomy
gloomy	anticipation	gloomy
gloomy	disgust	gloomy
gloomy	fear	gloomy
gloomy	joy	gloomy
gloomy	negative	gloomy
gloomy	positive	gloomy
gloomy	sadness	gloomy
gloomy	surprise	gloomy
gloomy	trust	gloomy
surname	anger	apellido
surname	anticipation	de apellido
surname	disgust	de apellido
surname	fear	de apellido
surname	joy	apellido
surname	negative	de apellido
surname	positive	de apellido
surname	sadness	de apellido
surname	surprise	anochecer
surname	trust	de anochecer
evening	anger	de apellido
evening	anticipation	de apellido
evening	disgust	anochecer
evening	fear	de anochecer
evening	joy	de anochecer
evening	negative	de anochecer
evening	positive	anochecer
evening	sadness	de anochecer
evening	surprise	de anochecer
evening	trust	de anochecer
parenchyma	anger	parénquima
parenchyma	anticipation	de parénquima
parenchyma	disgust	de parénquima
parenchyma	fear	de parénquima
parenchyma	joy	parénquima
parenchyma	negative	de parénquima
parenchyma	positive	de parénquima
parenchyma	sadness	de parénquima
parenchyma	surprise	edificio
parenchyma	trust	de edificio
building	anger	de parénquima
building	anticipation	de parénquima
building	disgust	edificio
building	fear	de edificio
building	joy	de edificio
building	negative	de edificio
building	positive	edificio
building	sadness	de edificio
building	surprise	de edificio
building	trust	de edificio
inquire	anger	inquire
inquire	anticipation	inquire
inquire	disgust	inquire
inquire	fear	inquire
inquire	joy	inquire
inquire	negative	inquire
inquire	positive	inquire
inquire	sadness	inquire
inquire	surprise	inquire
inquire	trust	inquire
affiliation	anger	afiliación
affiliation	anticipation	de afiliación
affiliation	disgust	de afiliación
affiliation	fear	de afiliación
affiliation	joy	afiliación
affiliation	negative	de afiliación
affiliation	positive	de afiliación
affiliation	sadness	de afiliación
affiliation	surprise	vegetal
affiliation	trust	de vegetal
vegetable	anger	de afiliación
vegetable	anticipation	de afiliación
vegetable	disgust	vegetal
vegetable	fear	de vegetal
vegetable	joy	de vegetal
vegetable	negative	de vegetal
vegetable	positive	vegetal
vegetable	sadness	de vegetal
vegetable	surprise	de vegetal
vegetable	trust	de vegetal
succinct	anger	sucinto
succinct	anticipation	sucinto
succinct	disgust	sucinto
succinct	fear	sucinto
succinct	joy	sucinto
succinct	negative	sucinto
succinct	positive	sucinto
succinct	sadness	sucinto
succinct	surprise	sucinto
succinct	trust	sucinto
topaz	anger	topaz
topaz	anticipation	topaz
topaz	disgust	topaz
topaz	fear	topaz
topaz	joy	topaz
topaz	negative	topaz
topaz	positive	topaz
topaz	sadness	topaz
topaz	surprise	topaz
topaz	trust	topaz
lessor	anger	lessor
lessor	anticipation	lessor
lessor	disgust	lessor
lessor	fear	lessor
lessor	joy	lessor
lessor	negative	lessor
lessor	positive	lessor
lessor	sadness	lessor
lessor	surprise	lessor
lessor	trust	lessor
repression	anger	represión
repression	anticipation	de represión
repression	disgust	de represión
repression	fear	de represión
repression	joy	represión
repression	negative	de represión
repression	positive	de represión
repression	sadness	de represión
repression	surprise	posición
repression	trust	de posición
position	anger	de represión
position	anticipation	de represión
position	disgust	posición
position	fear	de posición
position	joy	de posición
position	negative	de posición
position	positive	posición
position	sadness	de posición
position	surprise	de posición
position	trust	de posición
taffy	anger	taffy
taffy	anticipation	taffy
taffy	disgust	taffy
taffy	fear	taffy
taffy	joy	taffy
taffy	negative	taffy
taffy	positive	taffy
taffy	sadness	taffy
taffy	surprise	taffy
taffy	trust	taffy
rent	anger	alquiler
rent	anticipation	de alquiler
rent	disgust	de alquiler
rent	fear	de alquiler
rent	joy	alquiler
rent	negative	de alquiler
rent	positive	de alquiler
rent	sadness	de alquiler
rent	surprise	alquiler
rent	trust	de alquiler
bounds	anger	bounds
bounds	anticipation	bounds
bounds	disgust	bounds
bounds	fear	bounds
bounds	joy	bounds
bounds	negative	bounds
bounds	positive	bounds
bounds	sadness	bounds
bounds	surprise	bounds
bounds	trust	bounds
holding	anger	aguantando
holding	anticipation	holding
holding	disgust	de holding
holding	fear	de holding
holding	joy	de holding
holding	negative	holding
holding	positive	de holding
holding	sadness	de holding
holding	surprise	de holding
holding	trust	desagüe
drain	anger	de desagüe
drain	anticipation	de desagüe
drain	disgust	de holding
drain	fear	desagüe
drain	joy	de desagüe
drain	negative	de desagüe
drain	positive	de desagüe
drain	sadness	desagüe
drain	surprise	de desagüe
drain	trust	del desagüe
lowest	anger	más bajo
lowest	anticipation	más bajo
lowest	disgust	más bajo
lowest	fear	más bajo
lowest	joy	más bajo
lowest	negative	más bajo
lowest	positive	más bajo
lowest	sadness	pilar
lowest	surprise	de pilar
lowest	trust	más baja
pillar	anger	más baja
pillar	anticipation	más baja
pillar	disgust	pilar
pillar	fear	de pilar
pillar	joy	de pilar
pillar	negative	de pilar
pillar	positive	pilar
pillar	sadness	de pilar
pillar	surprise	de pilar
pillar	trust	de pilar
perversion	anger	perversión
perversion	anticipation	de perversión
perversion	disgust	de perversión
perversion	fear	de perversión
perversion	joy	perversión
perversion	negative	de perversión
perversion	positive	de perversión
perversion	sadness	de perversión
perversion	surprise	cubilete
perversion	trust	de cubilete
beaker	anger	de perversión
beaker	anticipation	de perversión
beaker	disgust	cubilete
beaker	fear	de cubilete
beaker	joy	de cubilete
beaker	negative	de cubilete
beaker	positive	cubilete
beaker	sadness	de cubilete
beaker	surprise	de cubilete
beaker	trust	de cubilete
femininity	anger	feminidad
femininity	anticipation	de feminidad
femininity	disgust	de feminidad
femininity	fear	de feminidad
femininity	joy	feminidad
femininity	negative	de feminidad
femininity	positive	de feminidad
femininity	sadness	de feminidad
femininity	surprise	asco
femininity	trust	de asco
disgust	anger	de feminidad
disgust	anticipation	de feminidad
disgust	disgust	asco
disgust	fear	de asco
disgust	joy	de asco
disgust	negative	de asco
disgust	positive	asco
disgust	sadness	de asco
disgust	surprise	de asco
disgust	trust	de asco
uncommon	anger	uncommon
uncommon	anticipation	uncommon
uncommon	disgust	uncommon
uncommon	fear	uncommon
uncommon	joy	uncommon
uncommon	negative	uncommon
uncommon	positive	uncommon
uncommon	sadness	uncommon
uncommon	surprise	uncommon
uncommon	trust	uncommon
rug	anger	alfombra
rug	anticipation	de alfombra
rug	disgust	de alfombra
rug	fear	de alfombra
rug	joy	alfombra
rug	negative	de alfombra
rug	positive	de alfombra
rug	sadness	de alfombra
rug	surprise	alfombra
rug	trust	de alfombra
cad	anger	cad
cad	anticipation	cad
cad	disgust	cad
cad	fear	cad
cad	joy	cad
cad	negative	cad
cad	positive	cad
cad	sadness	cad
cad	surprise	cad
cad	trust	cad
organize	anger	organizar
organize	anticipation	organizar
organize	disgust	organizar
organize	fear	organizar
organize	joy	organizar
organize	negative	organizar
organize	positive	organizar
organize	sadness	organizar
organize	surprise	organizar
organize	trust	organizar
pail	anger	cubo
pail	anticipation	de cubo
pail	disgust	de cubo
pail	fear	de cubo
pail	joy	cubo
pail	negative	de cubo
pail	positive	de cubo
pail	sadness	de cubo
pail	surprise	cubo
pail	trust	de cubo
shortcoming	anger	shortcoming
shortcoming	anticipation	shortcoming
shortcoming	disgust	shortcoming
shortcoming	fear	shortcoming
shortcoming	joy	shortcoming
shortcoming	negative	shortcoming
shortcoming	positive	shortcoming
shortcoming	sadness	shortcoming
shortcoming	surprise	shortcoming
shortcoming	trust	shortcoming
orbs	anger	orbs
orbs	anticipation	orbs
orbs	disgust	orbs
orbs	fear	orbs
orbs	joy	orbs
orbs	negative	orbs
orbs	positive	orbs
orbs	sadness	orbs
orbs	surprise	orbs
orbs	trust	orbs
conditional	anger	condicional
conditional	anticipation	condicional
conditional	disgust	condicional
conditional	fear	condicional
conditional	joy	condicional
conditional	negative	condicional
conditional	positive	condicional
conditional	sadness	triciclo
conditional	surprise	de triciclo
conditional	trust	condicional
tricycle	anger	condicional
tricycle	anticipation	condicional
tricycle	disgust	triciclo
tricycle	fear	de triciclo
tricycle	joy	de triciclo
tricycle	negative	de triciclo
tricycle	positive	triciclo
tricycle	sadness	de triciclo
tricycle	surprise	de triciclo
tricycle	trust	de triciclo
playground	anger	patio
playground	anticipation	de patio
playground	disgust	de patio
playground	fear	de patio
playground	joy	patio
playground	negative	de patio
playground	positive	de patio
playground	sadness	de patio
playground	surprise	dogma
playground	trust	de dogma
dogma	anger	de patio
dogma	anticipation	de patio
dogma	disgust	dogma
dogma	fear	de dogma
dogma	joy	de dogma
dogma	negative	de dogma
dogma	positive	dogma
dogma	sadness	de dogma
dogma	surprise	de dogma
dogma	trust	de dogma
exaggeration	anger	exageración
exaggeration	anticipation	de exageración
exaggeration	disgust	de exageración
exaggeration	fear	de exageración
exaggeration	joy	exageración
exaggeration	negative	de exageración
exaggeration	positive	de exageración
exaggeration	sadness	de exageración
exaggeration	surprise	exageración
exaggeration	trust	de exageración
happy	anger	feliz
happy	anticipation	feliz
happy	disgust	feliz
happy	fear	feliz
happy	joy	feliz
happy	negative	feliz
happy	positive	feliz
happy	sadness	feliz
happy	surprise	feliz
happy	trust	feliz
localization	anger	localization
localization	anticipation	localization
localization	disgust	localization
localization	fear	localization
localization	joy	localization
localization	negative	localization
localization	positive	localization
localization	sadness	localization
localization	surprise	localization
localization	trust	localization
table	anger	mesa
table	anticipation	de mesa
table	disgust	de mesa
table	fear	de mesa
table	joy	mesa
table	negative	de mesa
table	positive	de mesa
table	sadness	de mesa
table	surprise	gorras
table	trust	de gorras
caps	anger	de mesa
caps	anticipation	de mesa
caps	disgust	gorras
caps	fear	de gorras
caps	joy	de gorras
caps	negative	de gorras
caps	positive	gorras
caps	sadness	de gorras
caps	surprise	de gorras
caps	trust	de gorras
underlie	anger	underlie
underlie	anticipation	underlie
underlie	disgust	underlie
underlie	fear	underlie
underlie	joy	underlie
underlie	negative	underlie
underlie	positive	underlie
underlie	sadness	underlie
underlie	surprise	underlie
underlie	trust	underlie
coursing	anger	coursing
coursing	anticipation	coursing
coursing	disgust	coursing
coursing	fear	coursing
coursing	joy	coursing
coursing	negative	coursing
coursing	positive	coursing
coursing	sadness	coursing
coursing	surprise	coursing
coursing	trust	coursing
green	anger	verdes
green	anticipation	verdes
green	disgust	verdes
green	fear	verdes
green	joy	verdes
green	negative	verdes
green	positive	verde
green	sadness	verde
green	surprise	verde
green	trust	verde
dike	anger	dike
dike	anticipation	dike
dike	disgust	dike
dike	fear	dike
dike	joy	dike
dike	negative	dike
dike	positive	dike
dike	sadness	dike
dike	surprise	dike
dike	trust	dike
nest	anger	nido
nest	anticipation	de nido
nest	disgust	de nido
nest	fear	de nido
nest	joy	nido
nest	negative	de nido
nest	positive	de nido
nest	sadness	de nido
nest	surprise	nido
nest	trust	de nido
tillage	anger	tillage
tillage	anticipation	tillage
tillage	disgust	tillage
tillage	fear	tillage
tillage	joy	tillage
tillage	negative	tillage
tillage	positive	tillage
tillage	sadness	tillage
tillage	surprise	tillage
tillage	trust	tillage
ruling	anger	gobernando
ruling	anticipation	gobernante
ruling	disgust	gobernante
ruling	fear	gobernante
ruling	joy	gobernante
ruling	negative	gobernante
ruling	positive	gobernante
ruling	sadness	gobernante
ruling	surprise	gobernante
ruling	trust	gobernante
encampment	anger	encampment
encampment	anticipation	encampment
encampment	disgust	encampment
encampment	fear	encampment
encampment	joy	encampment
encampment	negative	encampment
encampment	positive	encampment
encampment	sadness	encampment
encampment	surprise	encampment
encampment	trust	encampment
crammed	anger	crammed
crammed	anticipation	crammed
crammed	disgust	crammed
crammed	fear	crammed
crammed	joy	crammed
crammed	negative	crammed
crammed	positive	crammed
crammed	sadness	crammed
crammed	surprise	crammed
crammed	trust	crammed
mountaineer	anger	alpinista
mountaineer	anticipation	de alpinista
mountaineer	disgust	de alpinista
mountaineer	fear	de alpinista
mountaineer	joy	alpinista
mountaineer	negative	de alpinista
mountaineer	positive	de alpinista
mountaineer	sadness	de alpinista
mountaineer	surprise	alpinista
mountaineer	trust	de alpinista
trowel	anger	trowel
trowel	anticipation	trowel
trowel	disgust	trowel
trowel	fear	trowel
trowel	joy	trowel
trowel	negative	trowel
trowel	positive	trowel
trowel	sadness	trowel
trowel	surprise	trowel
trowel	trust	trowel
roost	anger	roost
roost	anticipation	roost
roost	disgust	roost
roost	fear	roost
roost	joy	roost
roost	negative	roost
roost	positive	roost
roost	sadness	roost
roost	surprise	roost
roost	trust	roost
preparedness	anger	preparedness
preparedness	anticipation	preparedness
preparedness	disgust	preparedness
preparedness	fear	preparedness
preparedness	joy	preparedness
preparedness	negative	preparedness
preparedness	positive	preparedness
preparedness	sadness	preparedness
preparedness	surprise	preparedness
preparedness	trust	preparedness
largo	anger	largo
largo	anticipation	largo
largo	disgust	largo
largo	fear	largo
largo	joy	largo
largo	negative	largo
largo	positive	largo
largo	sadness	largo
largo	surprise	largo
largo	trust	largo
denomination	anger	denominación
denomination	anticipation	de denominación
denomination	disgust	de denominación
denomination	fear	de denominación
denomination	joy	denominación
denomination	negative	de denominación
denomination	positive	de denominación
denomination	sadness	de denominación
denomination	surprise	denominación
denomination	trust	de denominación
profuse	anger	profuse
profuse	anticipation	profuse
profuse	disgust	profuse
profuse	fear	profuse
profuse	joy	profuse
profuse	negative	profuse
profuse	positive	profuse
profuse	sadness	profuse
profuse	surprise	profuse
profuse	trust	profuse
awkwardness	anger	torpeza
awkwardness	anticipation	de torpeza
awkwardness	disgust	de torpeza
awkwardness	fear	de torpeza
awkwardness	joy	torpeza
awkwardness	negative	de torpeza
awkwardness	positive	de torpeza
awkwardness	sadness	de torpeza
awkwardness	surprise	torpeza
awkwardness	trust	de torpeza
breeder	anger	breeder
breeder	anticipation	breeder
breeder	disgust	breeder
breeder	fear	breeder
breeder	joy	breeder
breeder	negative	breeder
breeder	positive	breeder
breeder	sadness	breeder
breeder	surprise	breeder
breeder	trust	breeder
disagreeable	anger	disagreeable
disagreeable	anticipation	disagreeable
disagreeable	disgust	disagreeable
disagreeable	fear	disagreeable
disagreeable	joy	disagreeable
disagreeable	negative	disagreeable
disagreeable	positive	disagreeable
disagreeable	sadness	disagreeable
disagreeable	surprise	disagreeable
disagreeable	trust	disagreeable
combustible	anger	combustible
combustible	anticipation	combustible
combustible	disgust	combustible
combustible	fear	combustible
combustible	joy	combustible
combustible	negative	combustible
combustible	positive	combustible
combustible	sadness	combustible
combustible	surprise	combustible
combustible	trust	combustible
insipid	anger	insipid
insipid	anticipation	insipid
insipid	disgust	insipid
insipid	fear	insipid
insipid	joy	insipid
insipid	negative	insipid
insipid	positive	insipid
insipid	sadness	insipid
insipid	surprise	insipid
insipid	trust	insipid
myopia	anger	miopía
myopia	anticipation	de miopía
myopia	disgust	de miopía
myopia	fear	de miopía
myopia	joy	miopía
myopia	negative	de miopía
myopia	positive	de miopía
myopia	sadness	de miopía
myopia	surprise	miopía
myopia	trust	de miopía
timbre	anger	timbre
timbre	anticipation	timbre
timbre	disgust	timbre
timbre	fear	timbre
timbre	joy	timbre
timbre	negative	timbre
timbre	positive	timbre
timbre	sadness	timbre
timbre	surprise	timbre
timbre	trust	timbre
paralyzed	anger	paralizó
paralyzed	anticipation	paralizado
paralyzed	disgust	paralizó
paralyzed	fear	paralizado
paralyzed	joy	paralizó
paralyzed	negative	paralizado
paralyzed	positive	paralizó
paralyzed	sadness	paralizado
paralyzed	surprise	paralizó
paralyzed	trust	paralizado
oregano	anger	oregano
oregano	anticipation	oregano
oregano	disgust	oregano
oregano	fear	oregano
oregano	joy	oregano
oregano	negative	oregano
oregano	positive	oregano
oregano	sadness	oregano
oregano	surprise	oregano
oregano	trust	oregano
bal	anger	bal
bal	anticipation	bal
bal	disgust	bal
bal	fear	bal
bal	joy	bal
bal	negative	bal
bal	positive	bal
bal	sadness	bal
bal	surprise	bal
bal	trust	bal
basso	anger	basso
basso	anticipation	basso
basso	disgust	basso
basso	fear	basso
basso	joy	basso
basso	negative	basso
basso	positive	basso
basso	sadness	basso
basso	surprise	basso
basso	trust	basso
lapse	anger	lapso
lapse	anticipation	de lapso
lapse	disgust	de lapso
lapse	fear	de lapso
lapse	joy	lapso
lapse	negative	de lapso
lapse	positive	de lapso
lapse	sadness	de lapso
lapse	surprise	lapso
lapse	trust	de lapso
vast	anger	vasto
vast	anticipation	vasto
vast	disgust	vasto
vast	fear	vasto
vast	joy	vasto
vast	negative	vasto
vast	positive	vasto
vast	sadness	pulso
vast	surprise	de pulso
vast	trust	vasto
pulse	anger	vasto
pulse	anticipation	vasto
pulse	disgust	pulso
pulse	fear	de pulso
pulse	joy	de pulso
pulse	negative	de pulso
pulse	positive	pulso
pulse	sadness	de pulso
pulse	surprise	de pulso
pulse	trust	de pulso
partner	anger	socio
partner	anticipation	de socio
partner	disgust	de socio
partner	fear	de socio
partner	joy	socio
partner	negative	de socio
partner	positive	de socio
partner	sadness	de socio
partner	surprise	socio
partner	trust	de socio
brim	anger	brim
brim	anticipation	brim
brim	disgust	brim
brim	fear	brim
brim	joy	brim
brim	negative	brim
brim	positive	brim
brim	sadness	brim
brim	surprise	brim
brim	trust	brim
chaplain	anger	capellán
chaplain	anticipation	de capellán
chaplain	disgust	de capellán
chaplain	fear	de capellán
chaplain	joy	capellán
chaplain	negative	de capellán
chaplain	positive	de capellán
chaplain	sadness	de capellán
chaplain	surprise	capellán
chaplain	trust	de capellán
lengthwise	anger	lengthwise
lengthwise	anticipation	lengthwise
lengthwise	disgust	lengthwise
lengthwise	fear	lengthwise
lengthwise	joy	lengthwise
lengthwise	negative	lengthwise
lengthwise	positive	lengthwise
lengthwise	sadness	lengthwise
lengthwise	surprise	lengthwise
lengthwise	trust	lengthwise
outfit	anger	outfit
outfit	anticipation	outfit
outfit	disgust	outfit
outfit	fear	outfit
outfit	joy	outfit
outfit	negative	outfit
outfit	positive	outfit
outfit	sadness	outfit
outfit	surprise	outfit
outfit	trust	outfit
gaby	anger	gaby
gaby	anticipation	gaby
gaby	disgust	gaby
gaby	fear	gaby
gaby	joy	gaby
gaby	negative	gaby
gaby	positive	gaby
gaby	sadness	gaby
gaby	surprise	gaby
gaby	trust	gaby
spat	anger	spat
spat	anticipation	spat
spat	disgust	spat
spat	fear	spat
spat	joy	spat
spat	negative	spat
spat	positive	spat
spat	sadness	spat
spat	surprise	spat
spat	trust	spat
bearing	anger	aguantando
bearing	anticipation	aguantando
bearing	disgust	aguantando
bearing	fear	aguantando
bearing	joy	aguantando
bearing	negative	aguantando
bearing	positive	aguantando
bearing	sadness	aguantando
bearing	surprise	aguantando
bearing	trust	aguantando
lofty	anger	elevado
lofty	anticipation	elevado
lofty	disgust	elevado
lofty	fear	elevado
lofty	joy	elevado
lofty	negative	elevado
lofty	positive	elevado
lofty	sadness	elevado
lofty	surprise	elevado
lofty	trust	elevado
unpack	anger	desempaquetar
unpack	anticipation	desempaquetar
unpack	disgust	desempaquetar
unpack	fear	desempaquetar
unpack	joy	desempaquetar
unpack	negative	desempaquetar
unpack	positive	desempaquetar
unpack	sadness	desempaquetar
unpack	surprise	desempaquetar
unpack	trust	desempaquetar
luggage	anger	equipaje
luggage	anticipation	de equipaje
luggage	disgust	de equipaje
luggage	fear	de equipaje
luggage	joy	equipaje
luggage	negative	de equipaje
luggage	positive	de equipaje
luggage	sadness	de equipaje
luggage	surprise	reflexión
luggage	trust	de reflexión
reflection	anger	de equipaje
reflection	anticipation	de equipaje
reflection	disgust	reflexión
reflection	fear	de reflexión
reflection	joy	de reflexión
reflection	negative	de reflexión
reflection	positive	reflexión
reflection	sadness	de reflexión
reflection	surprise	de reflexión
reflection	trust	de reflexión
fungus	anger	hongo
fungus	anticipation	de hongo
fungus	disgust	de hongo
fungus	fear	de hongo
fungus	joy	hongo
fungus	negative	de hongo
fungus	positive	de hongo
fungus	sadness	de hongo
fungus	surprise	hongo
fungus	trust	de hongo
compaction	anger	compaction
compaction	anticipation	compaction
compaction	disgust	compaction
compaction	fear	compaction
compaction	joy	compaction
compaction	negative	compaction
compaction	positive	compaction
compaction	sadness	compaction
compaction	surprise	compaction
compaction	trust	compaction
ternary	anger	ternario
ternary	anticipation	ternario
ternary	disgust	ternario
ternary	fear	ternario
ternary	joy	ternario
ternary	negative	ternario
ternary	positive	ternario
ternary	sadness	carga
ternary	surprise	de carga
ternary	trust	ternaria
burden	anger	ternaria
burden	anticipation	ternaria
burden	disgust	carga
burden	fear	de carga
burden	joy	de carga
burden	negative	de carga
burden	positive	carga
burden	sadness	de carga
burden	surprise	de carga
burden	trust	de carga que
choosing	anger	escoge
choosing	anticipation	escogiendo
choosing	disgust	escogiendo
choosing	fear	escogiendo
choosing	joy	escogiendo
choosing	negative	escogiendo
choosing	positive	escogiendo
choosing	sadness	escogiendo
choosing	surprise	escogiendo
choosing	trust	escogiendo
eagerness	anger	ansia
eagerness	anticipation	de ansia
eagerness	disgust	de ansia
eagerness	fear	de ansia
eagerness	joy	ansia
eagerness	negative	de ansia
eagerness	positive	de ansia
eagerness	sadness	de ansia
eagerness	surprise	disturbio
eagerness	trust	de disturbio
riot	anger	de ansia
riot	anticipation	de ansia
riot	disgust	disturbio
riot	fear	de disturbio
riot	joy	de disturbio
riot	negative	de disturbio
riot	positive	disturbio
riot	sadness	de disturbio
riot	surprise	de disturbio
riot	trust	de disturbio
retold	anger	volvió a contar
retold	anticipation	vuelto a contar
retold	disgust	volvió a contar
retold	fear	vuelto a contar
retold	joy	volvió a contar
retold	negative	vuelto a contar
retold	positive	volvió a contar
retold	sadness	vuelto a contar
retold	surprise	volvió a contar
retold	trust	vuelto a contar
intractable	anger	intratable
intractable	anticipation	intratable
intractable	disgust	intratable
intractable	fear	intratable
intractable	joy	intratable
intractable	negative	intratable
intractable	positive	intratable
intractable	sadness	estudiante
intractable	surprise	de estudiante
intractable	trust	intratable
student	anger	intratable
student	anticipation	intratable
student	disgust	estudiante
student	fear	de estudiante
student	joy	de estudiante
student	negative	de estudiante
student	positive	estudiante
student	sadness	de estudiante
student	surprise	de estudiante
student	trust	de estudiante
descriptive	anger	descriptivo
descriptive	anticipation	descriptivo
descriptive	disgust	descriptivo
descriptive	fear	descriptivo
descriptive	joy	descriptivo
descriptive	negative	descriptivo
descriptive	positive	descriptivo
descriptive	sadness	descriptivo
descriptive	surprise	descriptivo
descriptive	trust	descriptivo
real	anger	real
real	anticipation	real
real	disgust	real
real	fear	real
real	joy	real
real	negative	real
real	positive	real
real	sadness	desventaja
real	surprise	de desventaja
real	trust	real
disadvantage	anger	real
disadvantage	anticipation	real
disadvantage	disgust	desventaja
disadvantage	fear	de desventaja
disadvantage	joy	de desventaja
disadvantage	negative	de desventaja
disadvantage	positive	desventaja
disadvantage	sadness	de desventaja
disadvantage	surprise	de desventaja
disadvantage	trust	de desventaja
country	anger	país
country	anticipation	de país
country	disgust	de país
country	fear	de país
country	joy	país
country	negative	de país
country	positive	de país
country	sadness	de país
country	surprise	veneno
country	trust	de veneno
poison	anger	de país
poison	anticipation	de país
poison	disgust	veneno
poison	fear	de veneno
poison	joy	de veneno
poison	negative	de veneno
poison	positive	veneno
poison	sadness	de veneno
poison	surprise	de veneno
poison	trust	de veneno
obvious	anger	obvio
obvious	anticipation	obvio
obvious	disgust	obvio
obvious	fear	obvio
obvious	joy	obvio
obvious	negative	obvio
obvious	positive	obvio
obvious	sadness	obvio
obvious	surprise	obvio
obvious	trust	obvio
gape	anger	gape
gape	anticipation	gape
gape	disgust	gape
gape	fear	gape
gape	joy	gape
gape	negative	gape
gape	positive	gape
gape	sadness	gape
gape	surprise	gape
gape	trust	gape
thistle	anger	cardo
thistle	anticipation	de cardo
thistle	disgust	de cardo
thistle	fear	de cardo
thistle	joy	cardo
thistle	negative	de cardo
thistle	positive	de cardo
thistle	sadness	de cardo
thistle	surprise	linterna
thistle	trust	de linterna
torch	anger	de cardo
torch	anticipation	de cardo
torch	disgust	linterna
torch	fear	de linterna
torch	joy	de linterna
torch	negative	de linterna
torch	positive	linterna
torch	sadness	de linterna
torch	surprise	de linterna
torch	trust	de linterna
homily	anger	homily
homily	anticipation	homily
homily	disgust	homily
homily	fear	homily
homily	joy	homily
homily	negative	homily
homily	positive	homily
homily	sadness	homily
homily	surprise	homily
homily	trust	homily
wire	anger	cable
wire	anticipation	de cable
wire	disgust	de cable
wire	fear	de cable
wire	joy	cable
wire	negative	de cable
wire	positive	de cable
wire	sadness	de cable
wire	surprise	cable
wire	trust	de cable
conceited	anger	conceited
conceited	anticipation	conceited
conceited	disgust	conceited
conceited	fear	conceited
conceited	joy	conceited
conceited	negative	conceited
conceited	positive	conceited
conceited	sadness	conceited
conceited	surprise	conceited
conceited	trust	conceited
intangible	anger	intangible
intangible	anticipation	intangible
intangible	disgust	intangible
intangible	fear	intangible
intangible	joy	intangible
intangible	negative	intangible
intangible	positive	intangible
intangible	sadness	intangible
intangible	surprise	intangible
intangible	trust	intangible
wireless	anger	inalámbrico
wireless	anticipation	inalámbrico
wireless	disgust	inalámbrico
wireless	fear	inalámbrico
wireless	joy	inalámbrico
wireless	negative	inalámbrico
wireless	positive	inalámbrico
wireless	sadness	inalámbrico
wireless	surprise	inalámbrico
wireless	trust	inalámbrico
loin	anger	loin
loin	anticipation	loin
loin	disgust	loin
loin	fear	loin
loin	joy	loin
loin	negative	loin
loin	positive	loin
loin	sadness	loin
loin	surprise	loin
loin	trust	loin
streak	anger	streak
streak	anticipation	streak
streak	disgust	streak
streak	fear	streak
streak	joy	streak
streak	negative	streak
streak	positive	streak
streak	sadness	streak
streak	surprise	streak
streak	trust	streak
sarcoma	anger	sarcoma
sarcoma	anticipation	sarcoma
sarcoma	disgust	sarcoma
sarcoma	fear	sarcoma
sarcoma	joy	sarcoma
sarcoma	negative	sarcoma
sarcoma	positive	sarcoma
sarcoma	sadness	sarcoma
sarcoma	surprise	sarcoma
sarcoma	trust	sarcoma
millimeter	anger	milímetro
millimeter	anticipation	de milímetro
millimeter	disgust	de milímetro
millimeter	fear	de milímetro
millimeter	joy	milímetro
millimeter	negative	de milímetro
millimeter	positive	de milímetro
millimeter	sadness	de milímetro
millimeter	surprise	agente
millimeter	trust	de agente
agent	anger	de milímetro
agent	anticipation	de milímetro
agent	disgust	agente
agent	fear	de agente
agent	joy	de agente
agent	negative	de agente
agent	positive	agente
agent	sadness	de agente
agent	surprise	de agente
agent	trust	de agente
facile	anger	simple
facile	anticipation	simple
facile	disgust	simple
facile	fear	simple
facile	joy	simple
facile	negative	simple
facile	positive	simple
facile	sadness	simple
facile	surprise	simple
facile	trust	simple
suffocating	anger	asfixiando
suffocating	anticipation	asfixiando
suffocating	disgust	asfixiando
suffocating	fear	asfixiando
suffocating	joy	asfixiando
suffocating	negative	asfixiando
suffocating	positive	asfixiando
suffocating	sadness	asfixiando
suffocating	surprise	asfixiando
suffocating	trust	asfixiando
plat	anger	plat
plat	anticipation	plat
plat	disgust	plat
plat	fear	plat
plat	joy	plat
plat	negative	plat
plat	positive	plat
plat	sadness	plat
plat	surprise	plat
plat	trust	plat
deviation	anger	desviación
deviation	anticipation	de desviación
deviation	disgust	de desviación
deviation	fear	de desviación
deviation	joy	desviación
deviation	negative	de desviación
deviation	positive	de desviación
deviation	sadness	de desviación
deviation	surprise	desviación
deviation	trust	de desviación
vena	anger	vena
vena	anticipation	vena
vena	disgust	vena
vena	fear	vena
vena	joy	vena
vena	negative	vena
vena	positive	vena
vena	sadness	vena
vena	surprise	vena
vena	trust	vena
dragon	anger	dragón
dragon	anticipation	de dragón
dragon	disgust	de dragón
dragon	fear	de dragón
dragon	joy	dragón
dragon	negative	de dragón
dragon	positive	de dragón
dragon	sadness	de dragón
dragon	surprise	esbozo
dragon	trust	de esbozo
outline	anger	de dragón
outline	anticipation	de dragón
outline	disgust	esbozo
outline	fear	de esbozo
outline	joy	de esbozo
outline	negative	de esbozo
outline	positive	esbozo
outline	sadness	de esbozo
outline	surprise	de esbozo
outline	trust	de esbozo
sill	anger	sill
sill	anticipation	sill
sill	disgust	sill
sill	fear	sill
sill	joy	sill
sill	negative	sill
sill	positive	sill
sill	sadness	sill
sill	surprise	sill
sill	trust	sill
blink	anger	parpadear
blink	anticipation	parpadear
blink	disgust	parpadear
blink	fear	parpadear
blink	joy	parpadear
blink	negative	parpadear
blink	positive	parpadear
blink	sadness	parpadear
blink	surprise	parpadear
blink	trust	parpadear
expression	anger	expresión
expression	anticipation	de expresión
expression	disgust	de expresión
expression	fear	de expresión
expression	joy	expresión
expression	negative	de expresión
expression	positive	de expresión
expression	sadness	de expresión
expression	surprise	expresión
expression	trust	de expresión
organic	anger	orgánica
organic	anticipation	orgánico
organic	disgust	orgánico
organic	fear	orgánico
organic	joy	orgánico
organic	negative	orgánico
organic	positive	orgánico
organic	sadness	orgánico
organic	surprise	orgánico
organic	trust	orgánico
undersized	anger	undersized
undersized	anticipation	undersized
undersized	disgust	undersized
undersized	fear	undersized
undersized	joy	undersized
undersized	negative	undersized
undersized	positive	undersized
undersized	sadness	undersized
undersized	surprise	undersized
undersized	trust	undersized
popularized	anger	popularizó
popularized	anticipation	popularizado
popularized	disgust	popularizó
popularized	fear	popularizado
popularized	joy	popularizó
popularized	negative	popularizado
popularized	positive	popularizó
popularized	sadness	popularizado
popularized	surprise	popularizó
popularized	trust	popularizado
phoenix	anger	phoenix
phoenix	anticipation	phoenix
phoenix	disgust	phoenix
phoenix	fear	phoenix
phoenix	joy	phoenix
phoenix	negative	phoenix
phoenix	positive	phoenix
phoenix	sadness	phoenix
phoenix	surprise	phoenix
phoenix	trust	phoenix
port	anger	portuario
port	anticipation	portuario
port	disgust	portuario
port	fear	portuario
port	joy	portuario
port	negative	portuario
port	positive	portuario
port	sadness	portuario
port	surprise	portuario
port	trust	portuario
logical	anger	lógico
logical	anticipation	lógico
logical	disgust	lógico
logical	fear	lógico
logical	joy	lógico
logical	negative	lógico
logical	positive	lógico
logical	sadness	lógico
logical	surprise	lógico
logical	trust	lógico
speculate	anger	speculate
speculate	anticipation	speculate
speculate	disgust	speculate
speculate	fear	speculate
speculate	joy	speculate
speculate	negative	speculate
speculate	positive	speculate
speculate	sadness	speculate
speculate	surprise	speculate
speculate	trust	speculate
chore	anger	chore
chore	anticipation	chore
chore	disgust	chore
chore	fear	chore
chore	joy	chore
chore	negative	chore
chore	positive	chore
chore	sadness	chore
chore	surprise	chore
chore	trust	chore
lineage	anger	apellido
lineage	anticipation	de apellido
lineage	disgust	de apellido
lineage	fear	de apellido
lineage	joy	apellido
lineage	negative	de apellido
lineage	positive	de apellido
lineage	sadness	de apellido
lineage	surprise	apellido
lineage	trust	de apellido
dermal	anger	dermal
dermal	anticipation	dermal
dermal	disgust	dermal
dermal	fear	dermal
dermal	joy	dermal
dermal	negative	dermal
dermal	positive	dermal
dermal	sadness	dermal
dermal	surprise	dermal
dermal	trust	dermal
impatient	anger	impaciente
impatient	anticipation	impaciente
impatient	disgust	impaciente
impatient	fear	impaciente
impatient	joy	impaciente
impatient	negative	impaciente
impatient	positive	impaciente
impatient	sadness	sinceridad
impatient	surprise	de sinceridad
impatient	trust	impaciente
sincerity	anger	impaciente
sincerity	anticipation	impaciente
sincerity	disgust	sinceridad
sincerity	fear	de sinceridad
sincerity	joy	de sinceridad
sincerity	negative	de sinceridad
sincerity	positive	sinceridad
sincerity	sadness	de sinceridad
sincerity	surprise	de sinceridad
sincerity	trust	de sinceridad
coercive	anger	coactiva
coercive	anticipation	coactivo
coercive	disgust	coactivo
coercive	fear	coactivo
coercive	joy	coactivo
coercive	negative	coactivo
coercive	positive	coactivo
coercive	sadness	coactivo
coercive	surprise	coactivo
coercive	trust	coactivo
destined	anger	destinado
destined	anticipation	destinado
destined	disgust	destinado
destined	fear	destinado
destined	joy	destinado
destined	negative	destinado
destined	positive	destinado
destined	sadness	destinado
destined	surprise	destinado
destined	trust	destinado
polite	anger	educado
polite	anticipation	educado
polite	disgust	educado
polite	fear	educado
polite	joy	educado
polite	negative	educado
polite	positive	educado
polite	sadness	educado
polite	surprise	educado
polite	trust	educado
passive	anger	pasivo
passive	anticipation	pasivo
passive	disgust	pasivo
passive	fear	pasivo
passive	joy	pasivo
passive	negative	pasivo
passive	positive	pasivo
passive	sadness	pasivo
passive	surprise	pasivo
passive	trust	pasivo
allocate	anger	destinar
allocate	anticipation	destinar
allocate	disgust	destinar
allocate	fear	destinar
allocate	joy	destinar
allocate	negative	destinar
allocate	positive	destinar
allocate	sadness	destinar
allocate	surprise	destinar
allocate	trust	destinar
handicap	anger	handicap
handicap	anticipation	handicap
handicap	disgust	handicap
handicap	fear	handicap
handicap	joy	handicap
handicap	negative	handicap
handicap	positive	handicap
handicap	sadness	handicap
handicap	surprise	handicap
handicap	trust	handicap
learning	anger	aprendiendo
learning	anticipation	aprendizaje
learning	disgust	de aprendizaje
learning	fear	de aprendizaje
learning	joy	de aprendizaje
learning	negative	aprendizaje
learning	positive	de aprendizaje
learning	sadness	de aprendizaje
learning	surprise	de aprendizaje
learning	trust	aprendizaje
voiceless	anger	voiceless
voiceless	anticipation	voiceless
voiceless	disgust	voiceless
voiceless	fear	voiceless
voiceless	joy	voiceless
voiceless	negative	voiceless
voiceless	positive	voiceless
voiceless	sadness	voiceless
voiceless	surprise	voiceless
voiceless	trust	voiceless
thicket	anger	matorral
thicket	anticipation	de matorral
thicket	disgust	de matorral
thicket	fear	de matorral
thicket	joy	matorral
thicket	negative	de matorral
thicket	positive	de matorral
thicket	sadness	de matorral
thicket	surprise	matorral
thicket	trust	de matorral
formulate	anger	formula
formulate	anticipation	formular
formulate	disgust	formular
formulate	fear	formular
formulate	joy	formular
formulate	negative	formular
formulate	positive	formular
formulate	sadness	formular
formulate	surprise	formular
formulate	trust	formular
sorter	anger	clasificador
sorter	anticipation	de clasificador
sorter	disgust	de clasificador
sorter	fear	de clasificador
sorter	joy	clasificador
sorter	negative	de clasificador
sorter	positive	de clasificador
sorter	sadness	de clasificador
sorter	surprise	clasificador
sorter	trust	de clasificador
attendance	anger	attendance
attendance	anticipation	attendance
attendance	disgust	attendance
attendance	fear	attendance
attendance	joy	attendance
attendance	negative	attendance
attendance	positive	attendance
attendance	sadness	attendance
attendance	surprise	attendance
attendance	trust	attendance
bobbin	anger	bobbin
bobbin	anticipation	bobbin
bobbin	disgust	bobbin
bobbin	fear	bobbin
bobbin	joy	bobbin
bobbin	negative	bobbin
bobbin	positive	bobbin
bobbin	sadness	bobbin
bobbin	surprise	bobbin
bobbin	trust	bobbin
heraldry	anger	heraldry
heraldry	anticipation	heraldry
heraldry	disgust	heraldry
heraldry	fear	heraldry
heraldry	joy	heraldry
heraldry	negative	heraldry
heraldry	positive	heraldry
heraldry	sadness	heraldry
heraldry	surprise	heraldry
heraldry	trust	heraldry
fragment	anger	fragmento
fragment	anticipation	de fragmento
fragment	disgust	de fragmento
fragment	fear	de fragmento
fragment	joy	fragmento
fragment	negative	de fragmento
fragment	positive	de fragmento
fragment	sadness	de fragmento
fragment	surprise	búsqueda
fragment	trust	de búsqueda
research	anger	de fragmento
research	anticipation	de fragmento
research	disgust	búsqueda
research	fear	de búsqueda
research	joy	de búsqueda
research	negative	de búsqueda
research	positive	búsqueda
research	sadness	de búsqueda
research	surprise	de búsqueda
research	trust	de búsqueda
entertainment	anger	diversión
entertainment	anticipation	de diversión
entertainment	disgust	de diversión
entertainment	fear	de diversión
entertainment	joy	diversión
entertainment	negative	de diversión
entertainment	positive	de diversión
entertainment	sadness	de diversión
entertainment	surprise	diversión
entertainment	trust	de diversión
terminate	anger	rescinde
terminate	anticipation	rescindir
terminate	disgust	rescindir
terminate	fear	rescindir
terminate	joy	rescindir
terminate	negative	rescindir
terminate	positive	rescindir
terminate	sadness	rescindir
terminate	surprise	rescindir
terminate	trust	rescindir
rob	anger	atracar
rob	anticipation	atracar
rob	disgust	atracar
rob	fear	atracar
rob	joy	atracar
rob	negative	atracar
rob	positive	atracar
rob	sadness	atracar
rob	surprise	atracar
rob	trust	atracar
bakery	anger	panadería
bakery	anticipation	de panadería
bakery	disgust	de panadería
bakery	fear	de panadería
bakery	joy	panadería
bakery	negative	de panadería
bakery	positive	de panadería
bakery	sadness	de panadería
bakery	surprise	entierro
bakery	trust	de entierro
burial	anger	de panadería
burial	anticipation	de panadería
burial	disgust	entierro
burial	fear	de entierro
burial	joy	de entierro
burial	negative	de entierro
burial	positive	entierro
burial	sadness	de entierro
burial	surprise	de entierro
burial	trust	de entierro
survey	anger	encuesta
survey	anticipation	de encuesta
survey	disgust	de encuesta
survey	fear	de encuesta
survey	joy	encuesta
survey	negative	de encuesta
survey	positive	de encuesta
survey	sadness	de encuesta
survey	surprise	encuesta
survey	trust	de encuesta
devour	anger	devora
devour	anticipation	devorar
devour	disgust	devorar
devour	fear	devorar
devour	joy	devorar
devour	negative	devorar
devour	positive	devorar
devour	sadness	devorar
devour	surprise	devorar
devour	trust	devorar
bring	anger	traer
bring	anticipation	traer
bring	disgust	traer
bring	fear	traer
bring	joy	traer
bring	negative	traer
bring	positive	traer
bring	sadness	traer
bring	surprise	traer
bring	trust	traer
compassion	anger	compasión
compassion	anticipation	de compasión
compassion	disgust	de compasión
compassion	fear	de compasión
compassion	joy	compasión
compassion	negative	de compasión
compassion	positive	de compasión
compassion	sadness	de compasión
compassion	surprise	evasión
compassion	trust	de evasión
evasion	anger	de compasión
evasion	anticipation	de compasión
evasion	disgust	evasión
evasion	fear	de evasión
evasion	joy	de evasión
evasion	negative	de evasión
evasion	positive	evasión
evasion	sadness	de evasión
evasion	surprise	de evasión
evasion	trust	de evasión
instigation	anger	instigación
instigation	anticipation	de instigación
instigation	disgust	de instigación
instigation	fear	de instigación
instigation	joy	instigación
instigation	negative	de instigación
instigation	positive	de instigación
instigation	sadness	de instigación
instigation	surprise	instigación
instigation	trust	de instigación
reformation	anger	reformation
reformation	anticipation	reformation
reformation	disgust	reformation
reformation	fear	reformation
reformation	joy	reformation
reformation	negative	reformation
reformation	positive	reformation
reformation	sadness	reformation
reformation	surprise	reformation
reformation	trust	reformation
vote	anger	voto
vote	anticipation	de voto
vote	disgust	de voto
vote	fear	de voto
vote	joy	voto
vote	negative	de voto
vote	positive	de voto
vote	sadness	de voto
vote	surprise	aplicación
vote	trust	de aplicación
application	anger	de voto
application	anticipation	de voto
application	disgust	aplicación
application	fear	de aplicación
application	joy	de aplicación
application	negative	de aplicación
application	positive	aplicación
application	sadness	de aplicación
application	surprise	de aplicación
application	trust	de aplicación
blasphemous	anger	blasfema
blasphemous	anticipation	blasfemo
blasphemous	disgust	blasfemo
blasphemous	fear	blasfemo
blasphemous	joy	blasfemo
blasphemous	negative	blasfemo
blasphemous	positive	blasfemo
blasphemous	sadness	ensayo
blasphemous	surprise	de ensayo
blasphemous	trust	blasfemo
essay	anger	blasfemo
essay	anticipation	blasfemo
essay	disgust	ensayo
essay	fear	de ensayo
essay	joy	de ensayo
essay	negative	de ensayo
essay	positive	ensayo
essay	sadness	de ensayo
essay	surprise	de ensayo
essay	trust	de ensayo
hostility	anger	hostilidad
hostility	anticipation	de hostilidad
hostility	disgust	de hostilidad
hostility	fear	de hostilidad
hostility	joy	hostilidad
hostility	negative	de hostilidad
hostility	positive	de hostilidad
hostility	sadness	de hostilidad
hostility	surprise	hostilidad
hostility	trust	de hostilidad
promiscuous	anger	promiscuous
promiscuous	anticipation	promiscuous
promiscuous	disgust	promiscuous
promiscuous	fear	promiscuous
promiscuous	joy	promiscuous
promiscuous	negative	promiscuous
promiscuous	positive	promiscuous
promiscuous	sadness	promiscuous
promiscuous	surprise	promiscuous
promiscuous	trust	promiscuous
abbreviate	anger	abreviar
abbreviate	anticipation	abreviar
abbreviate	disgust	abreviar
abbreviate	fear	abreviar
abbreviate	joy	abreviar
abbreviate	negative	abreviar
abbreviate	positive	abreviar
abbreviate	sadness	abreviar
abbreviate	surprise	abreviar
abbreviate	trust	abreviar
vigilance	anger	vigilance
vigilance	anticipation	vigilance
vigilance	disgust	vigilance
vigilance	fear	vigilance
vigilance	joy	vigilance
vigilance	negative	vigilance
vigilance	positive	vigilance
vigilance	sadness	vigilance
vigilance	surprise	vigilance
vigilance	trust	vigilance
sleep	anger	sueño
sleep	anticipation	de sueño
sleep	disgust	de sueño
sleep	fear	de sueño
sleep	joy	sueño
sleep	negative	de sueño
sleep	positive	de sueño
sleep	sadness	de sueño
sleep	surprise	tabique
sleep	trust	de tabique
septum	anger	de sueño
septum	anticipation	de sueño
septum	disgust	tabique
septum	fear	de tabique
septum	joy	de tabique
septum	negative	de tabique
septum	positive	tabique
septum	sadness	de tabique
septum	surprise	de tabique
septum	trust	de tabique
drifted	anger	fue a la deriva
drifted	anticipation	ido a la deriva
drifted	disgust	fue a la deriva
drifted	fear	ido a la deriva
drifted	joy	fue a la deriva
drifted	negative	ido a la deriva
drifted	positive	fue a la deriva
drifted	sadness	ido a la deriva
drifted	surprise	fue a la deriva
drifted	trust	crucero
cruise	anger	de crucero
cruise	anticipation	de crucero
cruise	disgust	ido a la deriva
cruise	fear	crucero
cruise	joy	de crucero
cruise	negative	de crucero
cruise	positive	de crucero
cruise	sadness	crucero
cruise	surprise	de crucero
cruise	trust	del crucero
deliverance	anger	deliverance
deliverance	anticipation	deliverance
deliverance	disgust	deliverance
deliverance	fear	deliverance
deliverance	joy	deliverance
deliverance	negative	deliverance
deliverance	positive	deliverance
deliverance	sadness	deliverance
deliverance	surprise	deliverance
deliverance	trust	deliverance
icy	anger	icy
icy	anticipation	icy
icy	disgust	icy
icy	fear	icy
icy	joy	icy
icy	negative	icy
icy	positive	icy
icy	sadness	icy
icy	surprise	icy
icy	trust	icy
logarithmic	anger	logarítmico
logarithmic	anticipation	logarítmico
logarithmic	disgust	logarítmico
logarithmic	fear	logarítmico
logarithmic	joy	logarítmico
logarithmic	negative	logarítmico
logarithmic	positive	logarítmico
logarithmic	sadness	logarítmico
logarithmic	surprise	logarítmico
logarithmic	trust	logarítmico
applicable	anger	aplicable
applicable	anticipation	aplicable
applicable	disgust	aplicable
applicable	fear	aplicable
applicable	joy	aplicable
applicable	negative	aplicable
applicable	positive	aplicable
applicable	sadness	aplicable
applicable	surprise	aplicable
applicable	trust	aplicable
scarecrow	anger	scarecrow
scarecrow	anticipation	scarecrow
scarecrow	disgust	scarecrow
scarecrow	fear	scarecrow
scarecrow	joy	scarecrow
scarecrow	negative	scarecrow
scarecrow	positive	scarecrow
scarecrow	sadness	scarecrow
scarecrow	surprise	scarecrow
scarecrow	trust	scarecrow
unarmed	anger	desarmado
unarmed	anticipation	desarmado
unarmed	disgust	desarmado
unarmed	fear	desarmado
unarmed	joy	desarmado
unarmed	negative	desarmado
unarmed	positive	desarmado
unarmed	sadness	desarmado
unarmed	surprise	desarmado
unarmed	trust	desarmado
beagle	anger	beagle
beagle	anticipation	beagle
beagle	disgust	beagle
beagle	fear	beagle
beagle	joy	beagle
beagle	negative	beagle
beagle	positive	beagle
beagle	sadness	beagle
beagle	surprise	beagle
beagle	trust	beagle
offered	anger	ofreció
offered	anticipation	ofrecido
offered	disgust	ofreció
offered	fear	ofrecido
offered	joy	ofreció
offered	negative	ofrecido
offered	positive	ofreció
offered	sadness	ofrecido
offered	surprise	ofreció
offered	trust	atrocidad
atrocity	anger	de atrocidad
atrocity	anticipation	de atrocidad
atrocity	disgust	ofrecida
atrocity	fear	atrocidad
atrocity	joy	de atrocidad
atrocity	negative	de atrocidad
atrocity	positive	de atrocidad
atrocity	sadness	atrocidad
atrocity	surprise	de atrocidad
atrocity	trust	de la atrocidad
jumble	anger	jumble
jumble	anticipation	jumble
jumble	disgust	jumble
jumble	fear	jumble
jumble	joy	jumble
jumble	negative	jumble
jumble	positive	jumble
jumble	sadness	jumble
jumble	surprise	jumble
jumble	trust	jumble
unload	anger	descargar
unload	anticipation	descargar
unload	disgust	descargar
unload	fear	descargar
unload	joy	descargar
unload	negative	descargar
unload	positive	descargar
unload	sadness	descargar
unload	surprise	descargar
unload	trust	descargar
shut	anger	cerrar
shut	anticipation	cerrado
shut	disgust	cierra
shut	fear	cerrado
shut	joy	cierra
shut	negative	cerrado
shut	positive	cierra
shut	sadness	cerrado
shut	surprise	cierra
shut	trust	cerrado
shady	anger	sombrío
shady	anticipation	sombrío
shady	disgust	sombrío
shady	fear	sombrío
shady	joy	sombrío
shady	negative	sombrío
shady	positive	sombrío
shady	sadness	sombrío
shady	surprise	sombrío
shady	trust	sombrío
apprentice	anger	apprentice
apprentice	anticipation	apprentice
apprentice	disgust	apprentice
apprentice	fear	apprentice
apprentice	joy	apprentice
apprentice	negative	apprentice
apprentice	positive	apprentice
apprentice	sadness	apprentice
apprentice	surprise	apprentice
apprentice	trust	apprentice
male	anger	macho
male	anticipation	macho
male	disgust	macho
male	fear	macho
male	joy	macho
male	negative	macho
male	positive	macho
male	sadness	macho
male	surprise	macho
male	trust	macho
tearful	anger	tearful
tearful	anticipation	tearful
tearful	disgust	tearful
tearful	fear	tearful
tearful	joy	tearful
tearful	negative	tearful
tearful	positive	tearful
tearful	sadness	tearful
tearful	surprise	tearful
tearful	trust	tearful
novice	anger	novato
novice	anticipation	de novato
novice	disgust	de novato
novice	fear	de novato
novice	joy	novato
novice	negative	de novato
novice	positive	de novato
novice	sadness	de novato
novice	surprise	novato
novice	trust	de novato
poodle	anger	poodle
poodle	anticipation	poodle
poodle	disgust	poodle
poodle	fear	poodle
poodle	joy	poodle
poodle	negative	poodle
poodle	positive	poodle
poodle	sadness	poodle
poodle	surprise	poodle
poodle	trust	poodle
earn	anger	ganar
earn	anticipation	ganar
earn	disgust	ganar
earn	fear	ganar
earn	joy	ganar
earn	negative	ganar
earn	positive	ganar
earn	sadness	ganar
earn	surprise	ganar
earn	trust	ganar
inspect	anger	inspeccionar
inspect	anticipation	inspeccionar
inspect	disgust	inspeccionar
inspect	fear	inspeccionar
inspect	joy	inspeccionar
inspect	negative	inspeccionar
inspect	positive	inspeccionar
inspect	sadness	inspeccionar
inspect	surprise	inspeccionar
inspect	trust	inspeccionar
curriculum	anger	currículum
curriculum	anticipation	de currículum
curriculum	disgust	de currículum
curriculum	fear	de currículum
curriculum	joy	currículum
curriculum	negative	de currículum
curriculum	positive	de currículum
curriculum	sadness	de currículum
curriculum	surprise	currículum
curriculum	trust	de currículum
prior	anger	previo
prior	anticipation	previo
prior	disgust	previo
prior	fear	previo
prior	joy	previo
prior	negative	previo
prior	positive	previo
prior	sadness	previo
prior	surprise	previo
prior	trust	previo
breakneck	anger	breakneck
breakneck	anticipation	breakneck
breakneck	disgust	breakneck
breakneck	fear	breakneck
breakneck	joy	breakneck
breakneck	negative	breakneck
breakneck	positive	breakneck
breakneck	sadness	breakneck
breakneck	surprise	breakneck
breakneck	trust	breakneck
concrete	anger	concreto
concrete	anticipation	concreto
concrete	disgust	concreto
concrete	fear	concreto
concrete	joy	concreto
concrete	negative	concreto
concrete	positive	concreto
concrete	sadness	réquiem
concrete	surprise	de réquiem
concrete	trust	concreto
requiem	anger	concreto
requiem	anticipation	concreto
requiem	disgust	réquiem
requiem	fear	de réquiem
requiem	joy	de réquiem
requiem	negative	de réquiem
requiem	positive	réquiem
requiem	sadness	de réquiem
requiem	surprise	de réquiem
requiem	trust	de réquiem
alcove	anger	alcoba
alcove	anticipation	de alcoba
alcove	disgust	de alcoba
alcove	fear	de alcoba
alcove	joy	alcoba
alcove	negative	de alcoba
alcove	positive	de alcoba
alcove	sadness	de alcoba
alcove	surprise	alcoba
alcove	trust	de alcoba que
halting	anger	para
halting	anticipation	parando
halting	disgust	parando
halting	fear	parando
halting	joy	parando
halting	negative	parando
halting	positive	parando
halting	sadness	parando
halting	surprise	parando
halting	trust	parando
proficiency	anger	proficiency
proficiency	anticipation	proficiency
proficiency	disgust	proficiency
proficiency	fear	proficiency
proficiency	joy	proficiency
proficiency	negative	proficiency
proficiency	positive	proficiency
proficiency	sadness	proficiency
proficiency	surprise	proficiency
proficiency	trust	proficiency
deteriorate	anger	deteriorate
deteriorate	anticipation	deteriorate
deteriorate	disgust	deteriorate
deteriorate	fear	deteriorate
deteriorate	joy	deteriorate
deteriorate	negative	deteriorate
deteriorate	positive	deteriorate
deteriorate	sadness	deteriorate
deteriorate	surprise	deteriorate
deteriorate	trust	deteriorate
intimidate	anger	intimidar
intimidate	anticipation	intimidar
intimidate	disgust	intimidar
intimidate	fear	intimidar
intimidate	joy	intimidar
intimidate	negative	intimidar
intimidate	positive	intimidar
intimidate	sadness	intimidar
intimidate	surprise	intimidar
intimidate	trust	intimidar
precinct	anger	precinct
precinct	anticipation	precinct
precinct	disgust	precinct
precinct	fear	precinct
precinct	joy	precinct
precinct	negative	precinct
precinct	positive	precinct
precinct	sadness	precinct
precinct	surprise	precinct
precinct	trust	precinct
pug	anger	pug
pug	anticipation	pug
pug	disgust	pug
pug	fear	pug
pug	joy	pug
pug	negative	pug
pug	positive	pug
pug	sadness	pug
pug	surprise	pug
pug	trust	pug
blessings	anger	bendiciones
blessings	anticipation	de bendiciones
blessings	disgust	de bendiciones
blessings	fear	de bendiciones
blessings	joy	bendiciones
blessings	negative	de bendiciones
blessings	positive	de bendiciones
blessings	sadness	de bendiciones
blessings	surprise	bendiciones
blessings	trust	de bendiciones
unimaginable	anger	unimaginable
unimaginable	anticipation	unimaginable
unimaginable	disgust	unimaginable
unimaginable	fear	unimaginable
unimaginable	joy	unimaginable
unimaginable	negative	unimaginable
unimaginable	positive	unimaginable
unimaginable	sadness	unimaginable
unimaginable	surprise	unimaginable
unimaginable	trust	unimaginable
riotous	anger	riotous
riotous	anticipation	riotous
riotous	disgust	riotous
riotous	fear	riotous
riotous	joy	riotous
riotous	negative	riotous
riotous	positive	riotous
riotous	sadness	riotous
riotous	surprise	riotous
riotous	trust	riotous
healthful	anger	healthful
healthful	anticipation	healthful
healthful	disgust	healthful
healthful	fear	healthful
healthful	joy	healthful
healthful	negative	healthful
healthful	positive	healthful
healthful	sadness	healthful
healthful	surprise	healthful
healthful	trust	healthful
speed	anger	velocidad
speed	anticipation	de velocidad
speed	disgust	de velocidad
speed	fear	de velocidad
speed	joy	velocidad
speed	negative	de velocidad
speed	positive	de velocidad
speed	sadness	de velocidad
speed	surprise	embrión
speed	trust	de embrión
embryo	anger	de velocidad
embryo	anticipation	de velocidad
embryo	disgust	embrión
embryo	fear	de embrión
embryo	joy	de embrión
embryo	negative	de embrión
embryo	positive	embrión
embryo	sadness	de embrión
embryo	surprise	de embrión
embryo	trust	de embrión
conspicuous	anger	conspicuous
conspicuous	anticipation	conspicuous
conspicuous	disgust	conspicuous
conspicuous	fear	conspicuous
conspicuous	joy	conspicuous
conspicuous	negative	conspicuous
conspicuous	positive	conspicuous
conspicuous	sadness	conspicuous
conspicuous	surprise	conspicuous
conspicuous	trust	conspicuous
submersible	anger	submersible
submersible	anticipation	submersible
submersible	disgust	submersible
submersible	fear	submersible
submersible	joy	submersible
submersible	negative	submersible
submersible	positive	submersible
submersible	sadness	submersible
submersible	surprise	submersible
submersible	trust	submersible
uneasy	anger	uneasy
uneasy	anticipation	uneasy
uneasy	disgust	uneasy
uneasy	fear	uneasy
uneasy	joy	uneasy
uneasy	negative	uneasy
uneasy	positive	uneasy
uneasy	sadness	uneasy
uneasy	surprise	uneasy
uneasy	trust	uneasy
abruptly	anger	abruptamente
abruptly	anticipation	abruptamente
abruptly	disgust	abruptamente
abruptly	fear	abruptamente
abruptly	joy	abruptamente
abruptly	negative	abruptamente
abruptly	positive	abruptamente
abruptly	sadness	abruptamente
abruptly	surprise	abruptamente
abruptly	trust	abruptamente
pass	anger	pase
pass	anticipation	de pase
pass	disgust	de pase
pass	fear	de pase
pass	joy	pase
pass	negative	de pase
pass	positive	de pase
pass	sadness	de pase
pass	surprise	pase
pass	trust	de pase
dame	anger	dame
dame	anticipation	dame
dame	disgust	dame
dame	fear	dame
dame	joy	dame
dame	negative	dame
dame	positive	dame
dame	sadness	dame
dame	surprise	dame
dame	trust	dame
formless	anger	formless
formless	anticipation	formless
formless	disgust	formless
formless	fear	formless
formless	joy	formless
formless	negative	formless
formless	positive	formless
formless	sadness	formless
formless	surprise	formless
formless	trust	formless
seamless	anger	seamless
seamless	anticipation	seamless
seamless	disgust	seamless
seamless	fear	seamless
seamless	joy	seamless
seamless	negative	seamless
seamless	positive	seamless
seamless	sadness	seamless
seamless	surprise	seamless
seamless	trust	seamless
peak	anger	cumbre
peak	anticipation	de cumbre
peak	disgust	de cumbre
peak	fear	de cumbre
peak	joy	cumbre
peak	negative	de cumbre
peak	positive	de cumbre
peak	sadness	de cumbre
peak	surprise	cumbre
peak	trust	de cumbre
hybrid	anger	híbrida
hybrid	anticipation	híbrido
hybrid	disgust	híbrido
hybrid	fear	híbrido
hybrid	joy	híbrido
hybrid	negative	híbrido
hybrid	positive	híbrido
hybrid	sadness	estratificación
hybrid	surprise	de estratificación
hybrid	trust	híbrida
stratification	anger	híbrida
stratification	anticipation	híbrida
stratification	disgust	estratificación
stratification	fear	de estratificación
stratification	joy	de estratificación
stratification	negative	de estratificación
stratification	positive	estratificación
stratification	sadness	de estratificación
stratification	surprise	de estratificación
stratification	trust	de estratificación
potpourri	anger	potpourri
potpourri	anticipation	potpourri
potpourri	disgust	potpourri
potpourri	fear	potpourri
potpourri	joy	potpourri
potpourri	negative	potpourri
potpourri	positive	potpourri
potpourri	sadness	potpourri
potpourri	surprise	potpourri
potpourri	trust	potpourri
ocular	anger	ocular
ocular	anticipation	ocular
ocular	disgust	ocular
ocular	fear	ocular
ocular	joy	ocular
ocular	negative	ocular
ocular	positive	ocular
ocular	sadness	director
ocular	surprise	de director
ocular	trust	ocular
manager	anger	ocular
manager	anticipation	ocular
manager	disgust	director
manager	fear	de director
manager	joy	de director
manager	negative	de director
manager	positive	director
manager	sadness	de director
manager	surprise	de director
manager	trust	de director
stealing	anger	robo
stealing	anticipation	de robo
stealing	disgust	de robo
stealing	fear	de robo
stealing	joy	robo
stealing	negative	de robo
stealing	positive	de robo
stealing	sadness	de robo
stealing	surprise	cerda
stealing	trust	de cerda
sow	anger	de robo
sow	anticipation	de robo
sow	disgust	cerda
sow	fear	de cerda
sow	joy	de cerda
sow	negative	de cerda
sow	positive	cerda
sow	sadness	de cerda
sow	surprise	de cerda
sow	trust	de cerda
vernal	anger	vernal
vernal	anticipation	vernal
vernal	disgust	vernal
vernal	fear	vernal
vernal	joy	vernal
vernal	negative	vernal
vernal	positive	vernal
vernal	sadness	vernal
vernal	surprise	vernal
vernal	trust	vernal
couch	anger	couch
couch	anticipation	couch
couch	disgust	couch
couch	fear	couch
couch	joy	couch
couch	negative	couch
couch	positive	couch
couch	sadness	couch
couch	surprise	couch
couch	trust	couch
eating	anger	comiendo
eating	anticipation	comiendo
eating	disgust	comiendo
eating	fear	comiendo
eating	joy	comiendo
eating	negative	comiendo
eating	positive	comiendo
eating	sadness	comiendo
eating	surprise	comiendo
eating	trust	comiendo
indivisible	anger	indivisible
indivisible	anticipation	indivisible
indivisible	disgust	indivisible
indivisible	fear	indivisible
indivisible	joy	indivisible
indivisible	negative	indivisible
indivisible	positive	indivisible
indivisible	sadness	dolor
indivisible	surprise	de dolor
indivisible	trust	indivisible
ache	anger	indivisible
ache	anticipation	indivisible
ache	disgust	dolor
ache	fear	de dolor
ache	joy	de dolor
ache	negative	de dolor
ache	positive	dolor
ache	sadness	de dolor
ache	surprise	de dolor
ache	trust	de dolor
extractor	anger	extractor
extractor	anticipation	extractor
extractor	disgust	extractor
extractor	fear	extractor
extractor	joy	extractor
extractor	negative	extractor
extractor	positive	extractor
extractor	sadness	extractor
extractor	surprise	extractor
extractor	trust	extractor
stability	anger	estabilidad
stability	anticipation	de estabilidad
stability	disgust	de estabilidad
stability	fear	de estabilidad
stability	joy	estabilidad
stability	negative	de estabilidad
stability	positive	de estabilidad
stability	sadness	de estabilidad
stability	surprise	creación
stability	trust	de creación
creation	anger	de estabilidad
creation	anticipation	de estabilidad
creation	disgust	creación
creation	fear	de creación
creation	joy	de creación
creation	negative	de creación
creation	positive	creación
creation	sadness	de creación
creation	surprise	de creación
creation	trust	de creación
nasty	anger	mala
nasty	anticipation	malo
nasty	disgust	malo
nasty	fear	malo
nasty	joy	malo
nasty	negative	malo
nasty	positive	malo
nasty	sadness	coro
nasty	surprise	de coro
nasty	trust	malo
chorus	anger	malo
chorus	anticipation	malo
chorus	disgust	coro
chorus	fear	de coro
chorus	joy	de coro
chorus	negative	de coro
chorus	positive	coro
chorus	sadness	de coro
chorus	surprise	de coro
chorus	trust	de coro
credence	anger	credence
credence	anticipation	credence
credence	disgust	credence
credence	fear	credence
credence	joy	credence
credence	negative	credence
credence	positive	credence
credence	sadness	credence
credence	surprise	credence
credence	trust	credence
wrongly	anger	erróneamente
wrongly	anticipation	erróneamente
wrongly	disgust	erróneamente
wrongly	fear	erróneamente
wrongly	joy	erróneamente
wrongly	negative	erróneamente
wrongly	positive	erróneamente
wrongly	sadness	erróneamente
wrongly	surprise	erróneamente
wrongly	trust	erróneamente
tenure	anger	tenure
tenure	anticipation	tenure
tenure	disgust	tenure
tenure	fear	tenure
tenure	joy	tenure
tenure	negative	tenure
tenure	positive	tenure
tenure	sadness	tenure
tenure	surprise	tenure
tenure	trust	tenure
lamb	anger	cordero
lamb	anticipation	de cordero
lamb	disgust	de cordero
lamb	fear	de cordero
lamb	joy	cordero
lamb	negative	de cordero
lamb	positive	de cordero
lamb	sadness	de cordero
lamb	surprise	cordero
lamb	trust	de cordero
liner	anger	liner
liner	anticipation	liner
liner	disgust	liner
liner	fear	liner
liner	joy	liner
liner	negative	liner
liner	positive	liner
liner	sadness	liner
liner	surprise	liner
liner	trust	liner
augmentation	anger	augmentation
augmentation	anticipation	augmentation
augmentation	disgust	augmentation
augmentation	fear	augmentation
augmentation	joy	augmentation
augmentation	negative	augmentation
augmentation	positive	augmentation
augmentation	sadness	augmentation
augmentation	surprise	augmentation
augmentation	trust	augmentation
duplicate	anger	duplicado
duplicate	anticipation	duplicado
duplicate	disgust	duplicado
duplicate	fear	duplicado
duplicate	joy	duplicado
duplicate	negative	duplicado
duplicate	positive	duplicado
duplicate	sadness	agresión
duplicate	surprise	de agresión
duplicate	trust	duplicada
aggression	anger	duplicada
aggression	anticipation	duplicada
aggression	disgust	agresión
aggression	fear	de agresión
aggression	joy	de agresión
aggression	negative	de agresión
aggression	positive	agresión
aggression	sadness	de agresión
aggression	surprise	de agresión
aggression	trust	de agresión
hutch	anger	hutch
hutch	anticipation	hutch
hutch	disgust	hutch
hutch	fear	hutch
hutch	joy	hutch
hutch	negative	hutch
hutch	positive	hutch
hutch	sadness	hutch
hutch	surprise	hutch
hutch	trust	hutch
valley	anger	valle
valley	anticipation	de valle
valley	disgust	de valle
valley	fear	de valle
valley	joy	valle
valley	negative	de valle
valley	positive	de valle
valley	sadness	de valle
valley	surprise	valle
valley	trust	de valle
ambit	anger	ambit
ambit	anticipation	ambit
ambit	disgust	ambit
ambit	fear	ambit
ambit	joy	ambit
ambit	negative	ambit
ambit	positive	ambit
ambit	sadness	ambit
ambit	surprise	ambit
ambit	trust	ambit
shepherd	anger	pastor
shepherd	anticipation	de pastor
shepherd	disgust	de pastor
shepherd	fear	de pastor
shepherd	joy	pastor
shepherd	negative	de pastor
shepherd	positive	de pastor
shepherd	sadness	de pastor
shepherd	surprise	pastor
shepherd	trust	de pastor
unquestioned	anger	unquestioned
unquestioned	anticipation	unquestioned
unquestioned	disgust	unquestioned
unquestioned	fear	unquestioned
unquestioned	joy	unquestioned
unquestioned	negative	unquestioned
unquestioned	positive	unquestioned
unquestioned	sadness	unquestioned
unquestioned	surprise	unquestioned
unquestioned	trust	unquestioned
satire	anger	sátira
satire	anticipation	de sátira
satire	disgust	de sátira
satire	fear	de sátira
satire	joy	sátira
satire	negative	de sátira
satire	positive	de sátira
satire	sadness	de sátira
satire	surprise	sátira
satire	trust	de sátira
fondling	anger	fondling
fondling	anticipation	fondling
fondling	disgust	fondling
fondling	fear	fondling
fondling	joy	fondling
fondling	negative	fondling
fondling	positive	fondling
fondling	sadness	fondling
fondling	surprise	fondling
fondling	trust	fondling
surviving	anger	sobreviviendo
surviving	anticipation	superviviente
surviving	disgust	superviviente
surviving	fear	superviviente
surviving	joy	superviviente
surviving	negative	superviviente
surviving	positive	superviviente
surviving	sadness	superviviente
surviving	surprise	superviviente
surviving	trust	superviviente
funk	anger	funk
funk	anticipation	funk
funk	disgust	funk
funk	fear	funk
funk	joy	funk
funk	negative	funk
funk	positive	funk
funk	sadness	funk
funk	surprise	funk
funk	trust	funk
mash	anger	mash
mash	anticipation	mash
mash	disgust	mash
mash	fear	mash
mash	joy	mash
mash	negative	mash
mash	positive	mash
mash	sadness	mash
mash	surprise	mash
mash	trust	mash
obligor	anger	obligor
obligor	anticipation	obligor
obligor	disgust	obligor
obligor	fear	obligor
obligor	joy	obligor
obligor	negative	obligor
obligor	positive	obligor
obligor	sadness	obligor
obligor	surprise	obligor
obligor	trust	obligor
excitement	anger	emoción
excitement	anticipation	de emoción
excitement	disgust	de emoción
excitement	fear	de emoción
excitement	joy	emoción
excitement	negative	de emoción
excitement	positive	de emoción
excitement	sadness	de emoción
excitement	surprise	combustión
excitement	trust	de combustión
combustion	anger	de emoción
combustion	anticipation	de emoción
combustion	disgust	combustión
combustion	fear	de combustión
combustion	joy	de combustión
combustion	negative	de combustión
combustion	positive	combustión
combustion	sadness	de combustión
combustion	surprise	de combustión
combustion	trust	de combustión
barge	anger	barge
barge	anticipation	barge
barge	disgust	barge
barge	fear	barge
barge	joy	barge
barge	negative	barge
barge	positive	barge
barge	sadness	barge
barge	surprise	barge
barge	trust	barge
existence	anger	existencia
existence	anticipation	de existencia
existence	disgust	de existencia
existence	fear	de existencia
existence	joy	existencia
existence	negative	de existencia
existence	positive	de existencia
existence	sadness	de existencia
existence	surprise	existencia
existence	trust	de existencia
blameless	anger	irreprochable
blameless	anticipation	irreprochable
blameless	disgust	irreprochable
blameless	fear	irreprochable
blameless	joy	irreprochable
blameless	negative	irreprochable
blameless	positive	irreprochable
blameless	sadness	granizo
blameless	surprise	de granizo
blameless	trust	irreprochable
hail	anger	irreprochable
hail	anticipation	irreprochable
hail	disgust	granizo
hail	fear	de granizo
hail	joy	de granizo
hail	negative	de granizo
hail	positive	granizo
hail	sadness	de granizo
hail	surprise	de granizo
hail	trust	de granizo
afar	anger	lejos
afar	anticipation	lejos
afar	disgust	lejos
afar	fear	lejos
afar	joy	lejos
afar	negative	lejos
afar	positive	lejos
afar	sadness	lejos
afar	surprise	lejos
afar	trust	lejos
accountant	anger	contable
accountant	anticipation	de contable
accountant	disgust	de contable
accountant	fear	de contable
accountant	joy	contable
accountant	negative	de contable
accountant	positive	de contable
accountant	sadness	de contable
accountant	surprise	contable
accountant	trust	de contable
brittle	anger	quebradizo
brittle	anticipation	quebradizo
brittle	disgust	quebradizo
brittle	fear	quebradizo
brittle	joy	quebradizo
brittle	negative	quebradizo
brittle	positive	quebradizo
brittle	sadness	quebradizo
brittle	surprise	quebradizo
brittle	trust	quebradizo
respected	anger	respetó
respected	anticipation	respetado
respected	disgust	respetó
respected	fear	respetado
respected	joy	respetó
respected	negative	respetado
respected	positive	respetó
respected	sadness	respetado
respected	surprise	respetó
respected	trust	arrendajo
jay	anger	de arrendajo
jay	anticipation	de arrendajo
jay	disgust	respetado
jay	fear	arrendajo
jay	joy	de arrendajo
jay	negative	de arrendajo
jay	positive	de arrendajo
jay	sadness	arrendajo
jay	surprise	de arrendajo
jay	trust	del arrendajo
attest	anger	atestigua
attest	anticipation	atestiguar
attest	disgust	atestiguar
attest	fear	atestiguar
attest	joy	atestiguar
attest	negative	atestiguar
attest	positive	atestiguar
attest	sadness	atestiguar
attest	surprise	atestiguar
attest	trust	atestiguar
huge	anger	enorme
huge	anticipation	enorme
huge	disgust	enorme
huge	fear	enorme
huge	joy	enorme
huge	negative	enorme
huge	positive	enorme
huge	sadness	obertura
huge	surprise	de obertura
huge	trust	enorme
overture	anger	enorme
overture	anticipation	enorme
overture	disgust	obertura
overture	fear	de obertura
overture	joy	de obertura
overture	negative	de obertura
overture	positive	obertura
overture	sadness	de obertura
overture	surprise	de obertura
overture	trust	de obertura
spurred	anger	espoleó
spurred	anticipation	espoleada
spurred	disgust	espoleó
spurred	fear	espoleado
spurred	joy	espoleó
spurred	negative	espoleado
spurred	positive	espoleó
spurred	sadness	espoleado
spurred	surprise	espoleó
spurred	trust	espoleado
mumble	anger	mumble
mumble	anticipation	mumble
mumble	disgust	mumble
mumble	fear	mumble
mumble	joy	mumble
mumble	negative	mumble
mumble	positive	mumble
mumble	sadness	mumble
mumble	surprise	mumble
mumble	trust	mumble
heretical	anger	heretical
heretical	anticipation	heretical
heretical	disgust	heretical
heretical	fear	heretical
heretical	joy	heretical
heretical	negative	heretical
heretical	positive	heretical
heretical	sadness	heretical
heretical	surprise	heretical
heretical	trust	heretical
consistency	anger	consistencia
consistency	anticipation	de consistencia
consistency	disgust	de consistencia
consistency	fear	de consistencia
consistency	joy	consistencia
consistency	negative	de consistencia
consistency	positive	de consistencia
consistency	sadness	de consistencia
consistency	surprise	consistencia
consistency	trust	de consistencia
exorbitant	anger	exorbitant
exorbitant	anticipation	exorbitant
exorbitant	disgust	exorbitant
exorbitant	fear	exorbitant
exorbitant	joy	exorbitant
exorbitant	negative	exorbitant
exorbitant	positive	exorbitant
exorbitant	sadness	exorbitant
exorbitant	surprise	exorbitant
exorbitant	trust	exorbitant
maniac	anger	maníaco
maniac	anticipation	de maníaco
maniac	disgust	de maníaco
maniac	fear	de maníaco
maniac	joy	maníaco
maniac	negative	de maníaco
maniac	positive	de maníaco
maniac	sadness	de maníaco
maniac	surprise	maníaco
maniac	trust	de maníaco
accede	anger	accede
accede	anticipation	accede
accede	disgust	accede
accede	fear	accede
accede	joy	accede
accede	negative	accede
accede	positive	accede
accede	sadness	accede
accede	surprise	accede
accede	trust	accede
navigation	anger	navegación
navigation	anticipation	de navegación
navigation	disgust	de navegación
navigation	fear	de navegación
navigation	joy	navegación
navigation	negative	de navegación
navigation	positive	de navegación
navigation	sadness	de navegación
navigation	surprise	reno
navigation	trust	de reno
reindeer	anger	de navegación
reindeer	anticipation	de navegación
reindeer	disgust	reno
reindeer	fear	de reno
reindeer	joy	de reno
reindeer	negative	de reno
reindeer	positive	reno
reindeer	sadness	de reno
reindeer	surprise	de reno
reindeer	trust	de reno
petrol	anger	gasolina
petrol	anticipation	de gasolina
petrol	disgust	de gasolina
petrol	fear	de gasolina
petrol	joy	gasolina
petrol	negative	de gasolina
petrol	positive	de gasolina
petrol	sadness	de gasolina
petrol	surprise	gasolina
petrol	trust	de gasolina
unquestionably	anger	indudablemente
unquestionably	anticipation	indudablemente
unquestionably	disgust	indudablemente
unquestionably	fear	indudablemente
unquestionably	joy	indudablemente
unquestionably	negative	indudablemente
unquestionably	positive	indudablemente
unquestionably	sadness	indudablemente
unquestionably	surprise	indudablemente
unquestionably	trust	indudablemente
universe	anger	universo
universe	anticipation	de universo
universe	disgust	de universo
universe	fear	de universo
universe	joy	universo
universe	negative	de universo
universe	positive	de universo
universe	sadness	de universo
universe	surprise	universo
universe	trust	de universo que
relieving	anger	alivia
relieving	anticipation	aliviando
relieving	disgust	aliviando
relieving	fear	aliviando
relieving	joy	aliviando
relieving	negative	aliviando
relieving	positive	aliviando
relieving	sadness	aliviando
relieving	surprise	aliviando
relieving	trust	aliviando
specs	anger	specs
specs	anticipation	specs
specs	disgust	specs
specs	fear	specs
specs	joy	specs
specs	negative	specs
specs	positive	specs
specs	sadness	specs
specs	surprise	specs
specs	trust	specs
steadfast	anger	steadfast
steadfast	anticipation	steadfast
steadfast	disgust	steadfast
steadfast	fear	steadfast
steadfast	joy	steadfast
steadfast	negative	steadfast
steadfast	positive	steadfast
steadfast	sadness	steadfast
steadfast	surprise	steadfast
steadfast	trust	steadfast
plump	anger	plump
plump	anticipation	plump
plump	disgust	plump
plump	fear	plump
plump	joy	plump
plump	negative	plump
plump	positive	plump
plump	sadness	plump
plump	surprise	plump
plump	trust	plump
smokey	anger	smokey
smokey	anticipation	smokey
smokey	disgust	smokey
smokey	fear	smokey
smokey	joy	smokey
smokey	negative	smokey
smokey	positive	smokey
smokey	sadness	smokey
smokey	surprise	smokey
smokey	trust	smokey
dense	anger	denso
dense	anticipation	denso
dense	disgust	denso
dense	fear	denso
dense	joy	denso
dense	negative	denso
dense	positive	denso
dense	sadness	chico
dense	surprise	de chico
dense	trust	denso
boy	anger	denso
boy	anticipation	denso
boy	disgust	chico
boy	fear	de chico
boy	joy	de chico
boy	negative	de chico
boy	positive	chico
boy	sadness	de chico
boy	surprise	de chico
boy	trust	de chico
submission	anger	sumisión
submission	anticipation	de sumisión
submission	disgust	de sumisión
submission	fear	de sumisión
submission	joy	sumisión
submission	negative	de sumisión
submission	positive	de sumisión
submission	sadness	de sumisión
submission	surprise	sonata
submission	trust	de sonata
sonata	anger	de sumisión
sonata	anticipation	de sumisión
sonata	disgust	sonata
sonata	fear	de sonata
sonata	joy	de sonata
sonata	negative	de sonata
sonata	positive	sonata
sonata	sadness	de sonata
sonata	surprise	de sonata
sonata	trust	de sonata
jealousy	anger	celos
jealousy	anticipation	de celos
jealousy	disgust	de celos
jealousy	fear	de celos
jealousy	joy	celos
jealousy	negative	de celos
jealousy	positive	de celos
jealousy	sadness	de celos
jealousy	surprise	asamblea
jealousy	trust	de asamblea
assembly	anger	de celos
assembly	anticipation	de celos
assembly	disgust	asamblea
assembly	fear	de asamblea
assembly	joy	de asamblea
assembly	negative	de asamblea
assembly	positive	asamblea
assembly	sadness	de asamblea
assembly	surprise	de asamblea
assembly	trust	de asamblea
dyke	anger	dyke
dyke	anticipation	dyke
dyke	disgust	dyke
dyke	fear	dyke
dyke	joy	dyke
dyke	negative	dyke
dyke	positive	dyke
dyke	sadness	dyke
dyke	surprise	dyke
dyke	trust	dyke
estate	anger	propiedad
estate	anticipation	de propiedad
estate	disgust	de propiedad
estate	fear	de propiedad
estate	joy	propiedad
estate	negative	de propiedad
estate	positive	de propiedad
estate	sadness	de propiedad
estate	surprise	propiedad
estate	trust	de propiedad
hub	anger	hub
hub	anticipation	hub
hub	disgust	hub
hub	fear	hub
hub	joy	hub
hub	negative	hub
hub	positive	hub
hub	sadness	hub
hub	surprise	hub
hub	trust	hub
bisexual	anger	bisexual
bisexual	anticipation	bisexual
bisexual	disgust	bisexual
bisexual	fear	bisexual
bisexual	joy	bisexual
bisexual	negative	bisexual
bisexual	positive	bisexual
bisexual	sadness	bisexual
bisexual	surprise	bisexual
bisexual	trust	bisexual
consume	anger	consumir
consume	anticipation	consumir
consume	disgust	consumir
consume	fear	consumir
consume	joy	consumir
consume	negative	consumir
consume	positive	consumir
consume	sadness	consumir
consume	surprise	consumir
consume	trust	consumir
mate	anger	compañero
mate	anticipation	de compañero
mate	disgust	de compañero
mate	fear	de compañero
mate	joy	compañero
mate	negative	de compañero
mate	positive	de compañero
mate	sadness	de compañero
mate	surprise	compañero
mate	trust	de compañero
deviate	anger	deviate
deviate	anticipation	deviate
deviate	disgust	deviate
deviate	fear	deviate
deviate	joy	deviate
deviate	negative	deviate
deviate	positive	deviate
deviate	sadness	deviate
deviate	surprise	deviate
deviate	trust	deviate
digit	anger	dígito
digit	anticipation	de dígito
digit	disgust	de dígito
digit	fear	de dígito
digit	joy	dígito
digit	negative	de dígito
digit	positive	de dígito
digit	sadness	de dígito
digit	surprise	prosa
digit	trust	de prosa
prose	anger	de dígito
prose	anticipation	de dígito
prose	disgust	prosa
prose	fear	de prosa
prose	joy	de prosa
prose	negative	de prosa
prose	positive	prosa
prose	sadness	de prosa
prose	surprise	de prosa
prose	trust	de prosa
shock	anger	shock
shock	anticipation	de shock
shock	disgust	de shock
shock	fear	de shock
shock	joy	shock
shock	negative	de shock
shock	positive	de shock
shock	sadness	de shock
shock	surprise	shock
shock	trust	de shock
improvise	anger	improvisa
improvise	anticipation	improvisar
improvise	disgust	improvisar
improvise	fear	improvisar
improvise	joy	improvisar
improvise	negative	improvisar
improvise	positive	improvisar
improvise	sadness	improvisar
improvise	surprise	improvisar
improvise	trust	improvisar
planning	anger	planeando
planning	anticipation	planificación
planning	disgust	de planificación
planning	fear	de planificación
planning	joy	de planificación
planning	negative	planificación
planning	positive	de planificación
planning	sadness	de planificación
planning	surprise	de planificación
planning	trust	planificación
crevice	anger	crevice
crevice	anticipation	crevice
crevice	disgust	crevice
crevice	fear	crevice
crevice	joy	crevice
crevice	negative	crevice
crevice	positive	crevice
crevice	sadness	crevice
crevice	surprise	crevice
crevice	trust	crevice
constituent	anger	elector
constituent	anticipation	de elector
constituent	disgust	de elector
constituent	fear	de elector
constituent	joy	elector
constituent	negative	de elector
constituent	positive	de elector
constituent	sadness	de elector
constituent	surprise	elector
constituent	trust	de elector
muscular	anger	muscular
muscular	anticipation	muscular
muscular	disgust	muscular
muscular	fear	muscular
muscular	joy	muscular
muscular	negative	muscular
muscular	positive	muscular
muscular	sadness	muscular
muscular	surprise	muscular
muscular	trust	muscular
jingle	anger	jingle
jingle	anticipation	jingle
jingle	disgust	jingle
jingle	fear	jingle
jingle	joy	jingle
jingle	negative	jingle
jingle	positive	jingle
jingle	sadness	jingle
jingle	surprise	jingle
jingle	trust	jingle
spray	anger	espray
spray	anticipation	de espray
spray	disgust	de espray
spray	fear	de espray
spray	joy	espray
spray	negative	de espray
spray	positive	de espray
spray	sadness	de espray
spray	surprise	espray
spray	trust	de espray
blur	anger	empaña
blur	anticipation	empañar
blur	disgust	empañar
blur	fear	empañar
blur	joy	empañar
blur	negative	empañar
blur	positive	empañar
blur	sadness	empañar
blur	surprise	empañar
blur	trust	empañar
perk	anger	perk
perk	anticipation	perk
perk	disgust	perk
perk	fear	perk
perk	joy	perk
perk	negative	perk
perk	positive	perk
perk	sadness	perk
perk	surprise	perk
perk	trust	perk
organism	anger	organismo
organism	anticipation	de organismo
organism	disgust	de organismo
organism	fear	de organismo
organism	joy	organismo
organism	negative	de organismo
organism	positive	de organismo
organism	sadness	de organismo
organism	surprise	organismo
organism	trust	de organismo
clutter	anger	desasea
clutter	anticipation	desasear
clutter	disgust	desasear
clutter	fear	desasear
clutter	joy	desasear
clutter	negative	desasear
clutter	positive	desasear
clutter	sadness	desasear
clutter	surprise	desasear
clutter	trust	desasear
immerse	anger	immerse
immerse	anticipation	immerse
immerse	disgust	immerse
immerse	fear	immerse
immerse	joy	immerse
immerse	negative	immerse
immerse	positive	immerse
immerse	sadness	immerse
immerse	surprise	immerse
immerse	trust	immerse
haunted	anger	mordaz
haunted	anticipation	mordaz
haunted	disgust	mordaz
haunted	fear	mordaz
haunted	joy	mordaz
haunted	negative	mordaz
haunted	positive	mordaz
haunted	sadness	mordaz
haunted	surprise	mordaz
haunted	trust	mordaz
wasting	anger	malgastando
wasting	anticipation	malgastando
wasting	disgust	malgastando
wasting	fear	malgastando
wasting	joy	malgastando
wasting	negative	malgastando
wasting	positive	malgastando
wasting	sadness	malgastando
wasting	surprise	malgastando
wasting	trust	malgastando
preserving	anger	preservando
preserving	anticipation	preservando
preserving	disgust	preservando
preserving	fear	preservando
preserving	joy	preservando
preserving	negative	preservando
preserving	positive	preservando
preserving	sadness	preservando
preserving	surprise	preservando
preserving	trust	preservando
afford	anger	proporciona
afford	anticipation	proporcionar
afford	disgust	proporcionar
afford	fear	proporcionar
afford	joy	proporcionar
afford	negative	proporcionar
afford	positive	proporcionar
afford	sadness	proporcionar
afford	surprise	proporcionar
afford	trust	proporcionar
academic	anger	académico
academic	anticipation	académico
academic	disgust	académico
academic	fear	académico
academic	joy	académico
academic	negative	académico
academic	positive	académico
academic	sadness	académico
academic	surprise	académico
academic	trust	académico
discernment	anger	discernment
discernment	anticipation	discernment
discernment	disgust	discernment
discernment	fear	discernment
discernment	joy	discernment
discernment	negative	discernment
discernment	positive	discernment
discernment	sadness	discernment
discernment	surprise	discernment
discernment	trust	discernment
hemorrhage	anger	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	anticipation	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	disgust	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	fear	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	joy	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	negative	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	positive	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	sadness	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	surprise	hemorrhage
hemorrhage	trust	hemorrhage
bottom	anger	inferior
bottom	anticipation	inferior
bottom	disgust	inferior
bottom	fear	inferior
bottom	joy	inferior
bottom	negative	inferior
bottom	positive	inferior
bottom	sadness	impotencia
bottom	surprise	de impotencia
bottom	trust	inferior
impotence	anger	inferior
impotence	anticipation	inferior
impotence	disgust	impotencia
impotence	fear	de impotencia
impotence	joy	de impotencia
impotence	negative	de impotencia
impotence	positive	impotencia
impotence	sadness	de impotencia
impotence	surprise	de impotencia
impotence	trust	de impotencia
twitch	anger	twitch
twitch	anticipation	twitch
twitch	disgust	twitch
twitch	fear	twitch
twitch	joy	twitch
twitch	negative	twitch
twitch	positive	twitch
twitch	sadness	twitch
twitch	surprise	twitch
twitch	trust	twitch
anal	anger	anal
anal	anticipation	anal
anal	disgust	anal
anal	fear	anal
anal	joy	anal
anal	negative	anal
anal	positive	anal
anal	sadness	anal
anal	surprise	anal
anal	trust	anal
expand	anger	expandir
expand	anticipation	expandir
expand	disgust	expandir
expand	fear	expandir
expand	joy	expandir
expand	negative	expandir
expand	positive	expandir
expand	sadness	expandir
expand	surprise	expandir
expand	trust	expandir
litigant	anger	litigant
litigant	anticipation	litigant
litigant	disgust	litigant
litigant	fear	litigant
litigant	joy	litigant
litigant	negative	litigant
litigant	positive	litigant
litigant	sadness	litigant
litigant	surprise	litigant
litigant	trust	litigant
cosmos	anger	cosmos
cosmos	anticipation	de cosmos
cosmos	disgust	de cosmos
cosmos	fear	de cosmos
cosmos	joy	cosmos
cosmos	negative	de cosmos
cosmos	positive	de cosmos
cosmos	sadness	de cosmos
cosmos	surprise	aproximación
cosmos	trust	de aproximación
approach	anger	de cosmos
approach	anticipation	de cosmos
approach	disgust	aproximación
approach	fear	de aproximación
approach	joy	de aproximación
approach	negative	de aproximación
approach	positive	aproximación
approach	sadness	de aproximación
approach	surprise	de aproximación
approach	trust	de aproximación
tally	anger	cuenta
tally	anticipation	de cuenta
tally	disgust	de cuenta
tally	fear	de cuenta
tally	joy	cuenta
tally	negative	de cuenta
tally	positive	de cuenta
tally	sadness	de cuenta
tally	surprise	eficacia
tally	trust	de eficacia
efficacy	anger	de cuenta
efficacy	anticipation	de cuenta
efficacy	disgust	eficacia
efficacy	fear	de eficacia
efficacy	joy	de eficacia
efficacy	negative	de eficacia
efficacy	positive	eficacia
efficacy	sadness	de eficacia
efficacy	surprise	de eficacia
efficacy	trust	de eficacia
disapprove	anger	desaprueba
disapprove	anticipation	desaprobar
disapprove	disgust	desaprobar
disapprove	fear	desaprobar
disapprove	joy	desaprobar
disapprove	negative	desaprobar
disapprove	positive	desaprobar
disapprove	sadness	desaprobar
disapprove	surprise	desaprobar
disapprove	trust	desaprobar
reasonableness	anger	reasonableness
reasonableness	anticipation	reasonableness
reasonableness	disgust	reasonableness
reasonableness	fear	reasonableness
reasonableness	joy	reasonableness
reasonableness	negative	reasonableness
reasonableness	positive	reasonableness
reasonableness	sadness	reasonableness
reasonableness	surprise	reasonableness
reasonableness	trust	reasonableness
defending	anger	defendiendo
defending	anticipation	defendiendo
defending	disgust	defendiendo
defending	fear	defendiendo
defending	joy	defendiendo
defending	negative	defendiendo
defending	positive	defendiendo
defending	sadness	defendiendo
defending	surprise	defendiendo
defending	trust	defendiendo
hairy	anger	peludo
hairy	anticipation	peludo
hairy	disgust	peludo
hairy	fear	peludo
hairy	joy	peludo
hairy	negative	peludo
hairy	positive	peludo
hairy	sadness	peludo
hairy	surprise	peludo
hairy	trust	peludo
memorable	anger	memorable
memorable	anticipation	memorable
memorable	disgust	memorable
memorable	fear	memorable
memorable	joy	memorable
memorable	negative	memorable
memorable	positive	memorable
memorable	sadness	memorable
memorable	surprise	memorable
memorable	trust	memorable
tiger	anger	tigre
tiger	anticipation	de tigre
tiger	disgust	de tigre
tiger	fear	de tigre
tiger	joy	tigre
tiger	negative	de tigre
tiger	positive	de tigre
tiger	sadness	de tigre
tiger	surprise	luna de miel
tiger	trust	de luna de miel
honeymoon	anger	de tigre
honeymoon	anticipation	de tigre
honeymoon	disgust	luna de miel
honeymoon	fear	de luna de miel
honeymoon	joy	de luna de miel
honeymoon	negative	de luna de miel
honeymoon	positive	luna de miel
honeymoon	sadness	de luna de miel
honeymoon	surprise	de luna de miel
honeymoon	trust	de luna de miel
scotch	anger	scotch
scotch	anticipation	scotch
scotch	disgust	scotch
scotch	fear	scotch
scotch	joy	scotch
scotch	negative	scotch
scotch	positive	scotch
scotch	sadness	scotch
scotch	surprise	scotch
scotch	trust	scotch
absence	anger	ausencia
absence	anticipation	de ausencia
absence	disgust	de ausencia
absence	fear	de ausencia
absence	joy	ausencia
absence	negative	de ausencia
absence	positive	de ausencia
absence	sadness	de ausencia
absence	surprise	regionalismo
absence	trust	de regionalismo
regionalism	anger	de ausencia
regionalism	anticipation	de ausencia
regionalism	disgust	regionalismo
regionalism	fear	de regionalismo
regionalism	joy	de regionalismo
regionalism	negative	de regionalismo
regionalism	positive	regionalismo
regionalism	sadness	de regionalismo
regionalism	surprise	de regionalismo
regionalism	trust	de regionalismo
threat	anger	amenaza
threat	anticipation	de amenaza
threat	disgust	de amenaza
threat	fear	de amenaza
threat	joy	amenaza
threat	negative	de amenaza
threat	positive	de amenaza
threat	sadness	de amenaza
threat	surprise	papá
threat	trust	de papá
dad	anger	de amenaza
dad	anticipation	de amenaza
dad	disgust	papá
dad	fear	de papá
dad	joy	de papá
dad	negative	de papá
dad	positive	papá
dad	sadness	de papá
dad	surprise	de papá
dad	trust	de papá
restaurant	anger	restaurante
restaurant	anticipation	de restaurante
restaurant	disgust	de restaurante
restaurant	fear	de restaurante
restaurant	joy	restaurante
restaurant	negative	de restaurante
restaurant	positive	de restaurante
restaurant	sadness	de restaurante
restaurant	surprise	restaurante
restaurant	trust	de restaurante
smear	anger	smear
smear	anticipation	smear
smear	disgust	smear
smear	fear	smear
smear	joy	smear
smear	negative	smear
smear	positive	smear
smear	sadness	smear
smear	surprise	smear
smear	trust	smear
prevention	anger	prevención
prevention	anticipation	de prevención
prevention	disgust	de prevención
prevention	fear	de prevención
prevention	joy	prevención
prevention	negative	de prevención
prevention	positive	de prevención
prevention	sadness	de prevención
prevention	surprise	defensor
prevention	trust	de defensor
defender	anger	de prevención
defender	anticipation	de prevención
defender	disgust	defensor
defender	fear	de defensor
defender	joy	de defensor
defender	negative	de defensor
defender	positive	defensor
defender	sadness	de defensor
defender	surprise	de defensor
defender	trust	de defensor
grateful	anger	agradecido
grateful	anticipation	agradecido
grateful	disgust	agradecido
grateful	fear	agradecido
grateful	joy	agradecido
grateful	negative	agradecido
grateful	positive	agradecido
grateful	sadness	agradecido
grateful	surprise	agradecido
grateful	trust	agradecido
tumultuous	anger	tumultuous
tumultuous	anticipation	tumultuous
tumultuous	disgust	tumultuous
tumultuous	fear	tumultuous
tumultuous	joy	tumultuous
tumultuous	negative	tumultuous
tumultuous	positive	tumultuous
tumultuous	sadness	tumultuous
tumultuous	surprise	tumultuous
tumultuous	trust	tumultuous
prophylaxis	anger	profilaxis
prophylaxis	anticipation	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	disgust	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	fear	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	joy	profilaxis
prophylaxis	negative	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	positive	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	sadness	de profilaxis
prophylaxis	surprise	astrónomo
prophylaxis	trust	de astrónomo
astronomer	anger	de profilaxis
astronomer	anticipation	de profilaxis
astronomer	disgust	astrónomo
astronomer	fear	de astrónomo
astronomer	joy	de astrónomo
astronomer	negative	de astrónomo
astronomer	positive	astrónomo
astronomer	sadness	de astrónomo
astronomer	surprise	de astrónomo
astronomer	trust	de astrónomo
amused	anger	divirtió
amused	anticipation	divertido
amused	disgust	divirtió
amused	fear	divertido
amused	joy	divirtió
amused	negative	divertido
amused	positive	divirtió
amused	sadness	divertido
amused	surprise	divirtió
amused	trust	idealismo
idealism	anger	de idealismo
idealism	anticipation	de idealismo
idealism	disgust	divertido
idealism	fear	idealismo
idealism	joy	de idealismo
idealism	negative	de idealismo
idealism	positive	de idealismo
idealism	sadness	material
idealism	surprise	de idealismo
idealism	trust	de idealismo
stuff	anger	de idealismo
stuff	anticipation	material
stuff	disgust	de material
stuff	fear	de material
stuff	joy	de material
stuff	negative	material
stuff	positive	de material
stuff	sadness	de material
stuff	surprise	de material
stuff	trust	plantación
plantation	anger	de plantación
plantation	anticipation	de plantación
plantation	disgust	de material
plantation	fear	plantación
plantation	joy	de plantación
plantation	negative	de plantación
plantation	positive	de plantación
plantation	sadness	plantación
plantation	surprise	de plantación
plantation	trust	de la plantación
cute	anger	linda
cute	anticipation	lindo
cute	disgust	lindo
cute	fear	lindo
cute	joy	lindo
cute	negative	lindo
cute	positive	lindo
cute	sadness	lindo
cute	surprise	lindo
cute	trust	lindo
extraneous	anger	ajeno
extraneous	anticipation	ajeno
extraneous	disgust	ajeno
extraneous	fear	ajeno
extraneous	joy	ajeno
extraneous	negative	ajeno
extraneous	positive	ajeno
extraneous	sadness	ajeno
extraneous	surprise	ajeno
extraneous	trust	ajeno
mat	anger	mate
mat	anticipation	mate
mat	disgust	mate
mat	fear	mate
mat	joy	mate
mat	negative	mate
mat	positive	mate
mat	sadness	mate
mat	surprise	mate
mat	trust	mate
superficial	anger	superficial
superficial	anticipation	superficial
superficial	disgust	superficial
superficial	fear	superficial
superficial	joy	superficial
superficial	negative	superficial
superficial	positive	superficial
superficial	sadness	distrito
superficial	surprise	de distrito
superficial	trust	superficial
district	anger	superficial
district	anticipation	superficial
district	disgust	distrito
district	fear	de distrito
district	joy	de distrito
district	negative	de distrito
district	positive	distrito
district	sadness	de distrito
district	surprise	de distrito
district	trust	de distrito
bulkhead	anger	bulkhead
bulkhead	anticipation	bulkhead
bulkhead	disgust	bulkhead
bulkhead	fear	bulkhead
bulkhead	joy	bulkhead
bulkhead	negative	bulkhead
bulkhead	positive	bulkhead
bulkhead	sadness	bulkhead
bulkhead	surprise	bulkhead
bulkhead	trust	bulkhead
scrub	anger	matorral
scrub	anticipation	de matorral
scrub	disgust	de matorral
scrub	fear	de matorral
scrub	joy	matorral
scrub	negative	de matorral
scrub	positive	de matorral
scrub	sadness	de matorral
scrub	surprise	acortamiento
scrub	trust	de acortamiento
shortening	anger	de matorral
shortening	anticipation	de matorral
shortening	disgust	acortamiento
shortening	fear	de acortamiento
shortening	joy	de acortamiento
shortening	negative	de acortamiento
shortening	positive	acortamiento
shortening	sadness	de acortamiento
shortening	surprise	del acortamiento que
shortening	trust	acorta
chess	anger	ajedrecístico
chess	anticipation	ajedrecístico
chess	disgust	ajedrecístico
chess	fear	ajedrecístico
chess	joy	ajedrecístico
chess	negative	ajedrecístico
chess	positive	ajedrez
chess	sadness	ajedrecístico
chess	surprise	ajedrecístico
chess	trust	ajedrecístico
irritable	anger	irritable
irritable	anticipation	irritable
irritable	disgust	irritable
irritable	fear	irritable
irritable	joy	irritable
irritable	negative	irritable
irritable	positive	irritable
irritable	sadness	irritable
irritable	surprise	irritable
irritable	trust	irritable
sporadic	anger	esporádico
sporadic	anticipation	esporádico
sporadic	disgust	esporádico
sporadic	fear	esporádico
sporadic	joy	esporádico
sporadic	negative	esporádico
sporadic	positive	esporádico
sporadic	sadness	calcetín
sporadic	surprise	de calcetín
sporadic	trust	esporádico
sock	anger	esporádico
sock	anticipation	esporádico
sock	disgust	calcetín
sock	fear	de calcetín
sock	joy	de calcetín
sock	negative	de calcetín
sock	positive	calcetín
sock	sadness	de calcetín
sock	surprise	de calcetín
sock	trust	de calcetín
incorporate	anger	incorpora
incorporate	anticipation	incorporar
incorporate	disgust	incorporar
incorporate	fear	incorporar
incorporate	joy	incorporar
incorporate	negative	incorporar
incorporate	positive	incorporar
incorporate	sadness	incorporar
incorporate	surprise	incorporar
incorporate	trust	incorporar
infinite	anger	infinito
infinite	anticipation	infinito
infinite	disgust	infinito
infinite	fear	infinito
infinite	joy	infinito
infinite	negative	infinito
infinite	positive	infinito
infinite	sadness	asesor
infinite	surprise	de asesor
infinite	trust	infinito
counsellor	anger	infinito
counsellor	anticipation	infinito
counsellor	disgust	asesor
counsellor	fear	de asesor
counsellor	joy	de asesor
counsellor	negative	de asesor
counsellor	positive	asesor
counsellor	sadness	de asesor
counsellor	surprise	de asesor
counsellor	trust	de asesor
volume	anger	volumen
volume	anticipation	de volumen
volume	disgust	de volumen
volume	fear	de volumen
volume	joy	volumen
volume	negative	de volumen
volume	positive	de volumen
volume	sadness	de volumen
volume	surprise	dificultades
volume	trust	de dificultades
difficulties	anger	de volumen
difficulties	anticipation	de volumen
difficulties	disgust	dificultades
difficulties	fear	de dificultades
difficulties	joy	de dificultades
difficulties	negative	de dificultades
difficulties	positive	dificultades
difficulties	sadness	de dificultades
difficulties	surprise	de dificultades
difficulties	trust	de dificultades
decoy	anger	señuelo
decoy	anticipation	de señuelo
decoy	disgust	de señuelo
decoy	fear	de señuelo
decoy	joy	señuelo
decoy	negative	de señuelo
decoy	positive	de señuelo
decoy	sadness	de señuelo
decoy	surprise	cociente
decoy	trust	de cociente
quotient	anger	de señuelo
quotient	anticipation	de señuelo
quotient	disgust	cociente
quotient	fear	de cociente
quotient	joy	de cociente
quotient	negative	de cociente
quotient	positive	cociente
quotient	sadness	de cociente
quotient	surprise	de cociente
quotient	trust	de cociente
banishment	anger	destierro
banishment	anticipation	de destierro
banishment	disgust	de destierro
banishment	fear	de destierro
banishment	joy	destierro
banishment	negative	de destierro
banishment	positive	de destierro
banishment	sadness	de destierro
banishment	surprise	destierro
banishment	trust	de destierro
memo	anger	memo
memo	anticipation	memo
memo	disgust	memo
memo	fear	memo
memo	joy	memo
memo	negative	memo
memo	positive	memo
memo	sadness	memo
memo	surprise	memo
memo	trust	memo
scarab	anger	scarab
scarab	anticipation	scarab
scarab	disgust	scarab
scarab	fear	scarab
scarab	joy	scarab
scarab	negative	scarab
scarab	positive	scarab
scarab	sadness	scarab
scarab	surprise	scarab
scarab	trust	scarab
smell	anger	olor
smell	anticipation	de olor
smell	disgust	de olor
smell	fear	de olor
smell	joy	olor
smell	negative	de olor
smell	positive	de olor
smell	sadness	de olor
smell	surprise	olor
smell	trust	de olor
bazaar	anger	bazaar
bazaar	anticipation	bazaar
bazaar	disgust	bazaar
bazaar	fear	bazaar
bazaar	joy	bazaar
bazaar	negative	bazaar
bazaar	positive	bazaar
bazaar	sadness	bazaar
bazaar	surprise	bazaar
bazaar	trust	bazaar
inn	anger	mesón
inn	anticipation	de mesón
inn	disgust	de mesón
inn	fear	de mesón
inn	joy	mesón
inn	negative	de mesón
inn	positive	de mesón
inn	sadness	de mesón
inn	surprise	mesón
inn	trust	de mesón
tyrannical	anger	tiránico
tyrannical	anticipation	tiránico
tyrannical	disgust	tiránico
tyrannical	fear	tiránico
tyrannical	joy	tiránico
tyrannical	negative	tiránico
tyrannical	positive	tiránico
tyrannical	sadness	tiránico
tyrannical	surprise	tiránico
tyrannical	trust	tiránico
soaring	anger	soaring
soaring	anticipation	soaring
soaring	disgust	soaring
soaring	fear	soaring
soaring	joy	soaring
soaring	negative	soaring
soaring	positive	soaring
soaring	sadness	soaring
soaring	surprise	soaring
soaring	trust	soaring
petition	anger	petition
petition	anticipation	petition
petition	disgust	petition
petition	fear	petition
petition	joy	petition
petition	negative	petition
petition	positive	petition
petition	sadness	petition
petition	surprise	petition
petition	trust	petition
mental	anger	mental
mental	anticipation	mental
mental	disgust	mental
mental	fear	mental
mental	joy	mental
mental	negative	mental
mental	positive	mental
mental	sadness	mental
mental	surprise	mental
mental	trust	mental
inexact	anger	inexact
inexact	anticipation	inexact
inexact	disgust	inexact
inexact	fear	inexact
inexact	joy	inexact
inexact	negative	inexact
inexact	positive	inexact
inexact	sadness	inexact
inexact	surprise	inexact
inexact	trust	inexact
van	anger	furgoneta
van	anticipation	de furgoneta
van	disgust	de furgoneta
van	fear	de furgoneta
van	joy	furgoneta
van	negative	de furgoneta
van	positive	de furgoneta
van	sadness	de furgoneta
van	surprise	intriga
van	trust	de intriga
intrigue	anger	de furgoneta
intrigue	anticipation	de furgoneta
intrigue	disgust	intriga
intrigue	fear	de intriga
intrigue	joy	de intriga
intrigue	negative	de intriga
intrigue	positive	intriga
intrigue	sadness	de intriga
intrigue	surprise	de intriga
intrigue	trust	de intriga
companionship	anger	companionship
companionship	anticipation	companionship
companionship	disgust	companionship
companionship	fear	companionship
companionship	joy	companionship
companionship	negative	companionship
companionship	positive	companionship
companionship	sadness	companionship
companionship	surprise	companionship
companionship	trust	companionship
feigned	anger	fingió
feigned	anticipation	fingido
feigned	disgust	fingió
feigned	fear	fingido
feigned	joy	fingió
feigned	negative	fingido
feigned	positive	fingió
feigned	sadness	fingido
feigned	surprise	fingió
feigned	trust	punto y coma
semicolon	anger	de punto y coma
semicolon	anticipation	de punto y coma
semicolon	disgust	fingido
semicolon	fear	punto y coma
semicolon	joy	de punto y coma
semicolon	negative	de punto y coma
semicolon	positive	de punto y coma
semicolon	sadness	limón
semicolon	surprise	de punto y coma
semicolon	trust	de punto y coma
lemon	anger	de punto y coma
lemon	anticipation	limón
lemon	disgust	de limón
lemon	fear	de limón
lemon	joy	de limón
lemon	negative	limón
lemon	positive	de limón
lemon	sadness	de limón
lemon	surprise	de limón
lemon	trust	limón
vogue	anger	vogue
vogue	anticipation	vogue
vogue	disgust	vogue
vogue	fear	vogue
vogue	joy	vogue
vogue	negative	vogue
vogue	positive	vogue
vogue	sadness	vogue
vogue	surprise	vogue
vogue	trust	vogue
marijuana	anger	marihuana
marijuana	anticipation	de marihuana
marijuana	disgust	de marihuana
marijuana	fear	de marihuana
marijuana	joy	marihuana
marijuana	negative	de marihuana
marijuana	positive	de marihuana
marijuana	sadness	de marihuana
marijuana	surprise	marihuana
marijuana	trust	de marihuana
galvanic	anger	galvánica
galvanic	anticipation	galvánico
galvanic	disgust	galvánico
galvanic	fear	galvánico
galvanic	joy	galvánico
galvanic	negative	galvánico
galvanic	positive	galvánico
galvanic	sadness	galvánico
galvanic	surprise	galvánico
galvanic	trust	galvánico
godly	anger	godly
godly	anticipation	godly
godly	disgust	godly
godly	fear	godly
godly	joy	godly
godly	negative	godly
godly	positive	godly
godly	sadness	godly
godly	surprise	godly
godly	trust	godly
key	anger	clave
key	anticipation	clave
key	disgust	clave
key	fear	clave
key	joy	clave
key	negative	clave
key	positive	llave
key	sadness	clave
key	surprise	clave
key	trust	clave
legalize	anger	legaliza
legalize	anticipation	legalizar
legalize	disgust	legalizar
legalize	fear	legalizar
legalize	joy	legalizar
legalize	negative	legalizar
legalize	positive	legalizar
legalize	sadness	legalizar
legalize	surprise	legalizar
legalize	trust	legalizar
meek	anger	meek
meek	anticipation	meek
meek	disgust	meek
meek	fear	meek
meek	joy	meek
meek	negative	meek
meek	positive	meek
meek	sadness	meek
meek	surprise	meek
meek	trust	meek
save	anger	salvar
save	anticipation	salvar
save	disgust	salvar
save	fear	salvar
save	joy	salvar
save	negative	salvar
save	positive	salvar
save	sadness	salvar
save	surprise	salvar
save	trust	salvar
wrap	anger	envolver
wrap	anticipation	envolver
wrap	disgust	envolver
wrap	fear	envolver
wrap	joy	envolver
wrap	negative	envolver
wrap	positive	envolver
wrap	sadness	envolver
wrap	surprise	envolver
wrap	trust	envolver
prime	anger	primo
prime	anticipation	primo
prime	disgust	primo
prime	fear	primo
prime	joy	primo
prime	negative	primo
prime	positive	albor
prime	sadness	primo
prime	surprise	primo
prime	trust	primo
bigoted	anger	bigoted
bigoted	anticipation	bigoted
bigoted	disgust	bigoted
bigoted	fear	bigoted
bigoted	joy	bigoted
bigoted	negative	bigoted
bigoted	positive	bigoted
bigoted	sadness	bigoted
bigoted	surprise	bigoted
bigoted	trust	bigoted
rector	anger	rector
rector	anticipation	de rector
rector	disgust	de rector
rector	fear	de rector
rector	joy	rector
rector	negative	de rector
rector	positive	de rector
rector	sadness	de rector
rector	surprise	rector
rector	trust	de rector
groggy	anger	groggy
groggy	anticipation	groggy
groggy	disgust	groggy
groggy	fear	groggy
groggy	joy	groggy
groggy	negative	groggy
groggy	positive	groggy
groggy	sadness	groggy
groggy	surprise	groggy
groggy	trust	groggy
likelihood	anger	likelihood
likelihood	anticipation	likelihood
likelihood	disgust	likelihood
likelihood	fear	likelihood
likelihood	joy	likelihood
likelihood	negative	likelihood
likelihood	positive	likelihood
likelihood	sadness	likelihood
likelihood	surprise	likelihood
likelihood	trust	likelihood
attenuated	anger	atenuó
attenuated	anticipation	atenuado
attenuated	disgust	atenuó
attenuated	fear	atenuado
attenuated	joy	atenuó
attenuated	negative	atenuado
attenuated	positive	atenuó
attenuated	sadness	atenuado
attenuated	surprise	atenuó
attenuated	trust	atenuado
yolk	anger	yolk
yolk	anticipation	yolk
yolk	disgust	yolk
yolk	fear	yolk
yolk	joy	yolk
yolk	negative	yolk
yolk	positive	yolk
yolk	sadness	yolk
yolk	surprise	yolk
yolk	trust	yolk
idolatry	anger	idolatry
idolatry	anticipation	idolatry
idolatry	disgust	idolatry
idolatry	fear	idolatry
idolatry	joy	idolatry
idolatry	negative	idolatry
idolatry	positive	idolatry
idolatry	sadness	idolatry
idolatry	surprise	idolatry
idolatry	trust	idolatry
dynamic	anger	dinámico
dynamic	anticipation	dinámico
dynamic	disgust	dinámico
dynamic	fear	dinámico
dynamic	joy	dinámico
dynamic	negative	dinámico
dynamic	positive	dinámico
dynamic	sadness	legislador
dynamic	surprise	de legislador
dynamic	trust	dinámico
legislator	anger	dinámico
legislator	anticipation	dinámico
legislator	disgust	legislador
legislator	fear	de legislador
legislator	joy	de legislador
legislator	negative	de legislador
legislator	positive	legislador
legislator	sadness	de legislador
legislator	surprise	de legislador
legislator	trust	de legislador
severely	anger	severamente
severely	anticipation	severamente
severely	disgust	severamente
severely	fear	severamente
severely	joy	severamente
severely	negative	severamente
severely	positive	severamente
severely	sadness	severamente
severely	surprise	severamente
severely	trust	severamente
clergyman	anger	clérigo
clergyman	anticipation	de clérigo
clergyman	disgust	de clérigo
clergyman	fear	de clérigo
clergyman	joy	clérigo
clergyman	negative	de clérigo
clergyman	positive	de clérigo
clergyman	sadness	de clérigo
clergyman	surprise	clérigo
clergyman	trust	de clérigo
equatorial	anger	ecuatorial
equatorial	anticipation	ecuatorial
equatorial	disgust	ecuatorial
equatorial	fear	ecuatorial
equatorial	joy	ecuatorial
equatorial	negative	ecuatorial
equatorial	positive	ecuatorial
equatorial	sadness	ecuatorial
equatorial	surprise	ecuatorial
equatorial	trust	ecuatorial
rectangular	anger	rectangular
rectangular	anticipation	rectangular
rectangular	disgust	rectangular
rectangular	fear	rectangular
rectangular	joy	rectangular
rectangular	negative	rectangular
rectangular	positive	rectangular
rectangular	sadness	rectangular
rectangular	surprise	rectangular
rectangular	trust	rectangular
magnificent	anger	magnífico
magnificent	anticipation	magnífico
magnificent	disgust	magnífico
magnificent	fear	magnífico
magnificent	joy	magnífico
magnificent	negative	magnífico
magnificent	positive	magnífico
magnificent	sadness	magnífico
magnificent	surprise	magnífico
magnificent	trust	magnífico
derive	anger	derivar
derive	anticipation	derivar
derive	disgust	derivar
derive	fear	derivar
derive	joy	derivar
derive	negative	derivar
derive	positive	derivar
derive	sadness	derivar
derive	surprise	derivar
derive	trust	derivar
usual	anger	habitual
usual	anticipation	habitual
usual	disgust	habitual
usual	fear	habitual
usual	joy	habitual
usual	negative	habitual
usual	positive	habitual
usual	sadness	habitual
usual	surprise	habitual
usual	trust	habitual
recast	anger	recast
recast	anticipation	recast
recast	disgust	recast
recast	fear	recast
recast	joy	recast
recast	negative	recast
recast	positive	recast
recast	sadness	recast
recast	surprise	recast
recast	trust	recast
pat	anger	pat
pat	anticipation	pat
pat	disgust	pat
pat	fear	pat
pat	joy	pat
pat	negative	pat
pat	positive	pat
pat	sadness	pat
pat	surprise	pat
pat	trust	pat
salvation	anger	salvación
salvation	anticipation	de salvación
salvation	disgust	de salvación
salvation	fear	de salvación
salvation	joy	salvación
salvation	negative	de salvación
salvation	positive	de salvación
salvation	sadness	de salvación
salvation	surprise	salvación
salvation	trust	de salvación
gas	anger	gasista
gas	anticipation	gasista
gas	disgust	gasista
gas	fear	gasista
gas	joy	gasista
gas	negative	gasista
gas	positive	gasista
gas	sadness	área
gas	surprise	de área
gas	trust	gasista
area	anger	gasista
area	anticipation	gasista
area	disgust	área
area	fear	de área
area	joy	de área
area	negative	de área
area	positive	área
area	sadness	de área
area	surprise	de área
area	trust	de área
hope	anger	esperanza
hope	anticipation	de esperanza
hope	disgust	de esperanza
hope	fear	de esperanza
hope	joy	esperanza
hope	negative	de esperanza
hope	positive	de esperanza
hope	sadness	de esperanza
hope	surprise	úlcera
hope	trust	de úlcera
ulcer	anger	de esperanza
ulcer	anticipation	de esperanza
ulcer	disgust	úlcera
ulcer	fear	de úlcera
ulcer	joy	de úlcera
ulcer	negative	de úlcera
ulcer	positive	úlcera
ulcer	sadness	de úlcera
ulcer	surprise	de úlcera
ulcer	trust	de úlcera
die	anger	dado
die	anticipation	de dado
die	disgust	de dado
die	fear	de dado
die	joy	dado
die	negative	de dado
die	positive	de dado
die	sadness	de dado
die	surprise	dado
die	trust	de dado
imply	anger	implica
imply	anticipation	implicar
imply	disgust	implicar
imply	fear	implicar
imply	joy	implicar
imply	negative	implicar
imply	positive	implicar
imply	sadness	implicar
imply	surprise	implicar
imply	trust	implicar
jeopardy	anger	jeopardy
jeopardy	anticipation	jeopardy
jeopardy	disgust	jeopardy
jeopardy	fear	jeopardy
jeopardy	joy	jeopardy
jeopardy	negative	jeopardy
jeopardy	positive	jeopardy
jeopardy	sadness	jeopardy
jeopardy	surprise	jeopardy
jeopardy	trust	jeopardy
bath	anger	baño
bath	anticipation	de baño
bath	disgust	de baño
bath	fear	de baño
bath	joy	baño
bath	negative	de baño
bath	positive	de baño
bath	sadness	de baño
bath	surprise	pediatría
bath	trust	de pediatría
pediatrics	anger	de baño
pediatrics	anticipation	de baño
pediatrics	disgust	pediatría
pediatrics	fear	de pediatría
pediatrics	joy	de pediatría
pediatrics	negative	de pediatría
pediatrics	positive	pediatría
pediatrics	sadness	de pediatría
pediatrics	surprise	de pediatría
pediatrics	trust	de pediatría
tactile	anger	táctil
tactile	anticipation	táctil
tactile	disgust	táctil
tactile	fear	táctil
tactile	joy	táctil
tactile	negative	táctil
tactile	positive	táctil
tactile	sadness	táctil
tactile	surprise	táctil
tactile	trust	táctil
arena	anger	arena
arena	anticipation	arena
arena	disgust	arena
arena	fear	arena
arena	joy	arena
arena	negative	arena
arena	positive	arena
arena	sadness	arena
arena	surprise	arena
arena	trust	arena
quarantine	anger	cuarentena
quarantine	anticipation	de cuarentena
quarantine	disgust	de cuarentena
quarantine	fear	de cuarentena
quarantine	joy	cuarentena
quarantine	negative	de cuarentena
quarantine	positive	de cuarentena
quarantine	sadness	de cuarentena
quarantine	surprise	cuarentena
quarantine	trust	de cuarentena
maxim	anger	maxim
maxim	anticipation	maxim
maxim	disgust	maxim
maxim	fear	maxim
maxim	joy	maxim
maxim	negative	maxim
maxim	positive	maxim
maxim	sadness	maxim
maxim	surprise	maxim
maxim	trust	maxim
cook	anger	cocinero
cook	anticipation	de cocinero
cook	disgust	de cocinero
cook	fear	de cocinero
cook	joy	cocinero
cook	negative	de cocinero
cook	positive	de cocinero
cook	sadness	de cocinero
cook	surprise	fósil
cook	trust	de fósil
fossil	anger	de cocinero
fossil	anticipation	de cocinero
fossil	disgust	fósil
fossil	fear	de fósil
fossil	joy	de fósil
fossil	negative	de fósil
fossil	positive	fósil
fossil	sadness	de fósil
fossil	surprise	de fósil
fossil	trust	de fósil
paraphrase	anger	paraphrase
paraphrase	anticipation	paraphrase
paraphrase	disgust	paraphrase
paraphrase	fear	paraphrase
paraphrase	joy	paraphrase
paraphrase	negative	paraphrase
paraphrase	positive	paraphrase
paraphrase	sadness	paraphrase
paraphrase	surprise	paraphrase
paraphrase	trust	paraphrase
velvety	anger	velvety
velvety	anticipation	velvety
velvety	disgust	velvety
velvety	fear	velvety
velvety	joy	velvety
velvety	negative	velvety
velvety	positive	velvety
velvety	sadness	velvety
velvety	surprise	velvety
velvety	trust	velvety
sameness	anger	sameness
sameness	anticipation	sameness
sameness	disgust	sameness
sameness	fear	sameness
sameness	joy	sameness
sameness	negative	sameness
sameness	positive	sameness
sameness	sadness	sameness
sameness	surprise	sameness
sameness	trust	sameness
cam	anger	cam
cam	anticipation	cam
cam	disgust	cam
cam	fear	cam
cam	joy	cam
cam	negative	cam
cam	positive	cam
cam	sadness	cam
cam	surprise	cam
cam	trust	cam
iceberg	anger	iceberg
iceberg	anticipation	de iceberg
iceberg	disgust	de iceberg
iceberg	fear	de iceberg
iceberg	joy	iceberg
iceberg	negative	de iceberg
iceberg	positive	de iceberg
iceberg	sadness	de iceberg
iceberg	surprise	iceberg
iceberg	trust	de iceberg
interchanged	anger	interchanged
interchanged	anticipation	interchanged
interchanged	disgust	interchanged
interchanged	fear	interchanged
interchanged	joy	interchanged
interchanged	negative	interchanged
interchanged	positive	interchanged
interchanged	sadness	interchanged
interchanged	surprise	interchanged
interchanged	trust	interchanged
toga	anger	toga
toga	anticipation	de toga
toga	disgust	de toga
toga	fear	de toga
toga	joy	toga
toga	negative	de toga
toga	positive	de toga
toga	sadness	de toga
toga	surprise	toga
toga	trust	de toga
impede	anger	impede
impede	anticipation	impede
impede	disgust	impede
impede	fear	impede
impede	joy	impede
impede	negative	impede
impede	positive	impede
impede	sadness	impede
impede	surprise	impede
impede	trust	impede
ingenious	anger	ingenioso
ingenious	anticipation	ingenioso
ingenious	disgust	ingenioso
ingenious	fear	ingenioso
ingenious	joy	ingenioso
ingenious	negative	ingenioso
ingenious	positive	ingenioso
ingenious	sadness	diatriba
ingenious	surprise	de diatriba
ingenious	trust	ingeniosa
tirade	anger	ingeniosa
tirade	anticipation	ingeniosa
tirade	disgust	diatriba
tirade	fear	de diatriba
tirade	joy	de diatriba
tirade	negative	de diatriba
tirade	positive	diatriba
tirade	sadness	de diatriba
tirade	surprise	de diatriba
tirade	trust	de diatriba
exist	anger	existe
exist	anticipation	existir
exist	disgust	existir
exist	fear	existir
exist	joy	existir
exist	negative	existir
exist	positive	existir
exist	sadness	existir
exist	surprise	existir
exist	trust	existir
soccer	anger	fútbol
soccer	anticipation	de fútbol
soccer	disgust	de fútbol
soccer	fear	de fútbol
soccer	joy	fútbol
soccer	negative	de fútbol
soccer	positive	de fútbol
soccer	sadness	de fútbol
soccer	surprise	fútbol
soccer	trust	de fútbol
collie	anger	collie
collie	anticipation	collie
collie	disgust	collie
collie	fear	collie
collie	joy	collie
collie	negative	collie
collie	positive	collie
collie	sadness	collie
collie	surprise	collie
collie	trust	collie
scholar	anger	becario
scholar	anticipation	de becario
scholar	disgust	de becario
scholar	fear	de becario
scholar	joy	becario
scholar	negative	de becario
scholar	positive	de becario
scholar	sadness	de becario
scholar	surprise	becario
scholar	trust	de becario
preliminary	anger	preliminar
preliminary	anticipation	preliminar
preliminary	disgust	preliminar
preliminary	fear	preliminar
preliminary	joy	preliminar
preliminary	negative	preliminar
preliminary	positive	preliminar
preliminary	sadness	preliminar
preliminary	surprise	preliminar
preliminary	trust	preliminar
diverge	anger	divergir
diverge	anticipation	divergir
diverge	disgust	divergir
diverge	fear	divergir
diverge	joy	divergir
diverge	negative	divergir
diverge	positive	divergir
diverge	sadness	divergir
diverge	surprise	divergir
diverge	trust	divergir
offside	anger	en fuera de juego
offside	anticipation	en fuera de juego
offside	disgust	en fuera de juego
offside	fear	en fuera de juego
offside	joy	en fuera de juego
offside	negative	en fuera de juego
offside	positive	en fuera de juego
offside	sadness	en fuera de juego
offside	surprise	en fuera de juego
offside	trust	en fuera de juego
capable	anger	capaz
capable	anticipation	capaz
capable	disgust	capaz
capable	fear	capaz
capable	joy	capaz
capable	negative	capaz
capable	positive	capaz
capable	sadness	capaz
capable	surprise	capaz
capable	trust	capaz
today	anger	hoy
today	anticipation	hoy
today	disgust	hoy
today	fear	hoy
today	joy	hoy
today	negative	hoy
today	positive	hoy
today	sadness	hoy
today	surprise	hoy
today	trust	hoy
potable	anger	potable
potable	anticipation	potable
potable	disgust	potable
potable	fear	potable
potable	joy	potable
potable	negative	potable
potable	positive	potable
potable	sadness	potable
potable	surprise	potable
potable	trust	potable
disregarded	anger	desatendió
disregarded	anticipation	desatendido
disregarded	disgust	desatendió
disregarded	fear	desatendido
disregarded	joy	desatendió
disregarded	negative	desatendido
disregarded	positive	desatendió
disregarded	sadness	desatendido
disregarded	surprise	desatendió
disregarded	trust	desatendido
insulation	anger	insulation
insulation	anticipation	insulation
insulation	disgust	insulation
insulation	fear	insulation
insulation	joy	insulation
insulation	negative	insulation
insulation	positive	insulation
insulation	sadness	insulation
insulation	surprise	insulation
insulation	trust	insulation
brake	anger	freno
brake	anticipation	de freno
brake	disgust	de freno
brake	fear	de freno
brake	joy	freno
brake	negative	de freno
brake	positive	de freno
brake	sadness	de freno
brake	surprise	freno
brake	trust	de freno
coherent	anger	coherente
coherent	anticipation	coherente
coherent	disgust	coherente
coherent	fear	coherente
coherent	joy	coherente
coherent	negative	coherente
coherent	positive	coherente
coherent	sadness	deporte
coherent	surprise	de deporte
coherent	trust	coherente
sport	anger	coherente
sport	anticipation	coherente
sport	disgust	deporte
sport	fear	de deporte
sport	joy	de deporte
sport	negative	de deporte
sport	positive	deporte
sport	sadness	de deporte
sport	surprise	de deporte
sport	trust	de deporte
sorcery	anger	hechicería
sorcery	anticipation	de hechicería
sorcery	disgust	de hechicería
sorcery	fear	de hechicería
sorcery	joy	hechicería
sorcery	negative	de hechicería
sorcery	positive	de hechicería
sorcery	sadness	de hechicería
sorcery	surprise	hechicería
sorcery	trust	de hechicería
breakable	anger	breakable
breakable	anticipation	breakable
breakable	disgust	breakable
breakable	fear	breakable
breakable	joy	breakable
breakable	negative	breakable
breakable	positive	breakable
breakable	sadness	breakable
breakable	surprise	breakable
breakable	trust	breakable
charming	anger	encantador
charming	anticipation	encantador
charming	disgust	encantador
charming	fear	encantador
charming	joy	encantador
charming	negative	encantador
charming	positive	encantador
charming	sadness	empirismo
charming	surprise	de empirismo
charming	trust	encantador
empiricism	anger	encantador
empiricism	anticipation	encantador
empiricism	disgust	empirismo
empiricism	fear	de empirismo
empiricism	joy	de empirismo
empiricism	negative	de empirismo
empiricism	positive	empirismo
empiricism	sadness	de empirismo
empiricism	surprise	de empirismo
empiricism	trust	de empirismo
likeness	anger	likeness
likeness	anticipation	likeness
likeness	disgust	likeness
likeness	fear	likeness
likeness	joy	likeness
likeness	negative	likeness
likeness	positive	likeness
likeness	sadness	likeness
likeness	surprise	likeness
likeness	trust	likeness
paring	anger	paring
paring	anticipation	paring
paring	disgust	paring
paring	fear	paring
paring	joy	paring
paring	negative	paring
paring	positive	paring
paring	sadness	paring
paring	surprise	paring
paring	trust	paring
spice	anger	especia
spice	anticipation	de especia
spice	disgust	de especia
spice	fear	de especia
spice	joy	especia
spice	negative	de especia
spice	positive	de especia
spice	sadness	de especia
spice	surprise	especia
spice	trust	de especia
boundless	anger	ilimitada
boundless	anticipation	ilimitado
boundless	disgust	ilimitado
boundless	fear	ilimitado
boundless	joy	ilimitado
boundless	negative	ilimitado
boundless	positive	ilimitado
boundless	sadness	inmigración
boundless	surprise	de inmigración
boundless	trust	ilimitada
immigration	anger	ilimitada
immigration	anticipation	ilimitada
immigration	disgust	inmigración
immigration	fear	de inmigración
immigration	joy	de inmigración
immigration	negative	de inmigración
immigration	positive	inmigración
immigration	sadness	de inmigración
immigration	surprise	de inmigración
immigration	trust	de inmigración
scrupulous	anger	scrupulous
scrupulous	anticipation	scrupulous
scrupulous	disgust	scrupulous
scrupulous	fear	scrupulous
scrupulous	joy	scrupulous
scrupulous	negative	scrupulous
scrupulous	positive	scrupulous
scrupulous	sadness	scrupulous
scrupulous	surprise	scrupulous
scrupulous	trust	scrupulous
barbed	anger	barbed
barbed	anticipation	barbed
barbed	disgust	barbed
barbed	fear	barbed
barbed	joy	barbed
barbed	negative	barbed
barbed	positive	barbed
barbed	sadness	barbed
barbed	surprise	barbed
barbed	trust	barbed
fang	anger	colmillo
fang	anticipation	de colmillo
fang	disgust	de colmillo
fang	fear	de colmillo
fang	joy	colmillo
fang	negative	de colmillo
fang	positive	de colmillo
fang	sadness	de colmillo
fang	surprise	colmillo
fang	trust	de colmillo
gladiator	anger	gladiator
gladiator	anticipation	gladiator
gladiator	disgust	gladiator
gladiator	fear	gladiator
gladiator	joy	gladiator
gladiator	negative	gladiator
gladiator	positive	gladiator
gladiator	sadness	gladiator
gladiator	surprise	gladiator
gladiator	trust	gladiator
marriage	anger	matrimonio
marriage	anticipation	de matrimonio
marriage	disgust	de matrimonio
marriage	fear	de matrimonio
marriage	joy	matrimonio
marriage	negative	de matrimonio
marriage	positive	de matrimonio
marriage	sadness	de matrimonio
marriage	surprise	matrimonio
marriage	trust	de matrimonio
spree	anger	spree
spree	anticipation	spree
spree	disgust	spree
spree	fear	spree
spree	joy	spree
spree	negative	spree
spree	positive	spree
spree	sadness	spree
spree	surprise	spree
spree	trust	spree
firstborn	anger	firstborn
firstborn	anticipation	firstborn
firstborn	disgust	firstborn
firstborn	fear	firstborn
firstborn	joy	firstborn
firstborn	negative	firstborn
firstborn	positive	firstborn
firstborn	sadness	firstborn
firstborn	surprise	firstborn
firstborn	trust	firstborn
released	anger	liberó
released	anticipation	liberado
released	disgust	liberó
released	fear	liberado
released	joy	liberó
released	negative	liberado
released	positive	liberó
released	sadness	liberado
released	surprise	liberó
released	trust	repertorio
repertoire	anger	de repertorio
repertoire	anticipation	de repertorio
repertoire	disgust	liberado
repertoire	fear	repertorio
repertoire	joy	de repertorio
repertoire	negative	de repertorio
repertoire	positive	de repertorio
repertoire	sadness	vínculo
repertoire	surprise	de repertorio
repertoire	trust	de repertorio
bond	anger	de repertorio
bond	anticipation	vínculo
bond	disgust	de vínculo
bond	fear	de vínculo
bond	joy	de vínculo
bond	negative	vínculo
bond	positive	de vínculo
bond	sadness	de vínculo
bond	surprise	de vínculo
bond	trust	vínculo
lamenting	anger	lamenting
lamenting	anticipation	lamenting
lamenting	disgust	lamenting
lamenting	fear	lamenting
lamenting	joy	lamenting
lamenting	negative	lamenting
lamenting	positive	lamenting
lamenting	sadness	lamenting
lamenting	surprise	lamenting
lamenting	trust	lamenting
unprepared	anger	unprepared
unprepared	anticipation	unprepared
unprepared	disgust	unprepared
unprepared	fear	unprepared
unprepared	joy	unprepared
unprepared	negative	unprepared
unprepared	positive	unprepared
unprepared	sadness	unprepared
unprepared	surprise	unprepared
unprepared	trust	unprepared
registrar	anger	registrar
registrar	anticipation	registrar
registrar	disgust	registrar
registrar	fear	registrar
registrar	joy	registrar
registrar	negative	registrar
registrar	positive	registrar
registrar	sadness	registrar
registrar	surprise	registrar
registrar	trust	registrar
prowl	anger	prowl
prowl	anticipation	prowl
prowl	disgust	prowl
prowl	fear	prowl
prowl	joy	prowl
prowl	negative	prowl
prowl	positive	prowl
prowl	sadness	prowl
prowl	surprise	prowl
prowl	trust	prowl
card	anger	tarjeta
card	anticipation	de tarjeta
card	disgust	de tarjeta
card	fear	de tarjeta
card	joy	tarjeta
card	negative	de tarjeta
card	positive	de tarjeta
card	sadness	de tarjeta
card	surprise	tarjeta
card	trust	de tarjeta
mingled	anger	se mezcló
mingled	anticipation	mezclada
mingled	disgust	se mezcló
mingled	fear	mezclado
mingled	joy	se mezcló
mingled	negative	mezclado
mingled	positive	se mezcló
mingled	sadness	mezclado
mingled	surprise	se mezcló
mingled	trust	milenio
millennium	anger	de milenio
millennium	anticipation	de milenio
millennium	disgust	mezclado
millennium	fear	milenio
millennium	joy	de milenio
millennium	negative	de milenio
millennium	positive	de milenio
millennium	sadness	milenio
millennium	surprise	de milenio
millennium	trust	del milenio
conjugate	anger	conjugate
conjugate	anticipation	conjugate
conjugate	disgust	conjugate
conjugate	fear	conjugate
conjugate	joy	conjugate
conjugate	negative	conjugate
conjugate	positive	conjugate
conjugate	sadness	conjugate
conjugate	surprise	conjugate
conjugate	trust	conjugate
obnoxious	anger	obnoxious
obnoxious	anticipation	obnoxious
obnoxious	disgust	obnoxious
obnoxious	fear	obnoxious
obnoxious	joy	obnoxious
obnoxious	negative	obnoxious
obnoxious	positive	obnoxious
obnoxious	sadness	obnoxious
obnoxious	surprise	obnoxious
obnoxious	trust	obnoxious
regain	anger	recuperar
regain	anticipation	recuperar
regain	disgust	recuperar
regain	fear	recuperar
regain	joy	recuperar
regain	negative	recuperar
regain	positive	recuperar
regain	sadness	recuperar
regain	surprise	recuperar
regain	trust	recuperar
flaunt	anger	flaunt
flaunt	anticipation	flaunt
flaunt	disgust	flaunt
flaunt	fear	flaunt
flaunt	joy	flaunt
flaunt	negative	flaunt
flaunt	positive	flaunt
flaunt	sadness	flaunt
flaunt	surprise	flaunt
flaunt	trust	flaunt
grey	anger	gris
grey	anticipation	gris
grey	disgust	gris
grey	fear	gris
grey	joy	gris
grey	negative	gris
grey	positive	gris
grey	sadness	gris
grey	surprise	gris
grey	trust	gris
protracted	anger	protracted
protracted	anticipation	protracted
protracted	disgust	protracted
protracted	fear	protracted
protracted	joy	protracted
protracted	negative	protracted
protracted	positive	protracted
protracted	sadness	protracted
protracted	surprise	protracted
protracted	trust	protracted
introspective	anger	introspectivo
introspective	anticipation	introspectivo
introspective	disgust	introspectivo
introspective	fear	introspectivo
introspective	joy	introspectivo
introspective	negative	introspectivo
introspective	positive	introspectivo
introspective	sadness	introspectivo
introspective	surprise	introspectivo
introspective	trust	introspectivo
stringy	anger	stringy
stringy	anticipation	stringy
stringy	disgust	stringy
stringy	fear	stringy
stringy	joy	stringy
stringy	negative	stringy
stringy	positive	stringy
stringy	sadness	stringy
stringy	surprise	stringy
stringy	trust	stringy
nix	anger	nix
nix	anticipation	nix
nix	disgust	nix
nix	fear	nix
nix	joy	nix
nix	negative	nix
nix	positive	nix
nix	sadness	nix
nix	surprise	nix
nix	trust	nix
countenance	anger	countenance
countenance	anticipation	countenance
countenance	disgust	countenance
countenance	fear	countenance
countenance	joy	countenance
countenance	negative	countenance
countenance	positive	countenance
countenance	sadness	countenance
countenance	surprise	countenance
countenance	trust	countenance
vixen	anger	zorra
vixen	anticipation	de zorra
vixen	disgust	de zorra
vixen	fear	de zorra
vixen	joy	zorra
vixen	negative	de zorra
vixen	positive	de zorra
vixen	sadness	de zorra
vixen	surprise	vínculos
vixen	trust	de vínculos
bonds	anger	de zorra
bonds	anticipation	de zorra
bonds	disgust	vínculos
bonds	fear	de vínculos
bonds	joy	de vínculos
bonds	negative	de vínculos
bonds	positive	vínculos
bonds	sadness	de vínculos
bonds	surprise	de vínculos
bonds	trust	de vínculos
insult	anger	insulto
insult	anticipation	de insulto
insult	disgust	de insulto
insult	fear	de insulto
insult	joy	insulto
insult	negative	de insulto
insult	positive	de insulto
insult	sadness	de insulto
insult	surprise	insulto
insult	trust	de insulto
peculiarly	anger	peculiarly
peculiarly	anticipation	peculiarly
peculiarly	disgust	peculiarly
peculiarly	fear	peculiarly
peculiarly	joy	peculiarly
peculiarly	negative	peculiarly
peculiarly	positive	peculiarly
peculiarly	sadness	peculiarly
peculiarly	surprise	peculiarly
peculiarly	trust	peculiarly
publicly	anger	públicamente
publicly	anticipation	públicamente
publicly	disgust	públicamente
publicly	fear	públicamente
publicly	joy	públicamente
publicly	negative	públicamente
publicly	positive	públicamente
publicly	sadness	públicamente
publicly	surprise	públicamente
publicly	trust	públicamente
cult	anger	culto
cult	anticipation	de culto
cult	disgust	de culto
cult	fear	de culto
cult	joy	culto
cult	negative	de culto
cult	positive	de culto
cult	sadness	de culto
cult	surprise	culto
cult	trust	de culto que
disappearing	anger	desaparece
disappearing	anticipation	desapareciendo
disappearing	disgust	desapareciendo
disappearing	fear	desapareciendo
disappearing	joy	desapareciendo
disappearing	negative	desapareciendo
disappearing	positive	desapareciendo
disappearing	sadness	desapareciendo
disappearing	surprise	desapareciendo
disappearing	trust	desapareciendo
stray	anger	perdido
stray	anticipation	perdido
stray	disgust	perdido
stray	fear	perdido
stray	joy	perdido
stray	negative	perdido
stray	positive	perdido
stray	sadness	cristal
stray	surprise	de cristal
stray	trust	perdido
crystal	anger	perdido
crystal	anticipation	perdido
crystal	disgust	cristal
crystal	fear	de cristal
crystal	joy	de cristal
crystal	negative	de cristal
crystal	positive	cristal
crystal	sadness	de cristal
crystal	surprise	de cristal
crystal	trust	de cristal
predominance	anger	predominio
predominance	anticipation	de predominio
predominance	disgust	de predominio
predominance	fear	de predominio
predominance	joy	predominio
predominance	negative	de predominio
predominance	positive	de predominio
predominance	sadness	de predominio
predominance	surprise	predominio
predominance	trust	de predominio
antifungal	anger	antifungal
antifungal	anticipation	antifungal
antifungal	disgust	antifungal
antifungal	fear	antifungal
antifungal	joy	antifungal
antifungal	negative	antifungal
antifungal	positive	antifungal
antifungal	sadness	antifungal
antifungal	surprise	antifungal
antifungal	trust	antifungal
dawn	anger	alborear
dawn	anticipation	alborear
dawn	disgust	alborear
dawn	fear	alborear
dawn	joy	alborear
dawn	negative	alborear
dawn	positive	alborear
dawn	sadness	alborear
dawn	surprise	alborear
dawn	trust	alborear
staple	anger	staple
staple	anticipation	staple
staple	disgust	staple
staple	fear	staple
staple	joy	staple
staple	negative	staple
staple	positive	staple
staple	sadness	staple
staple	surprise	staple
staple	trust	staple
prisoner	anger	prisionero
prisoner	anticipation	de prisionero
prisoner	disgust	de prisionero
prisoner	fear	de prisionero
prisoner	joy	prisionero
prisoner	negative	de prisionero
prisoner	positive	de prisionero
prisoner	sadness	de prisionero
prisoner	surprise	prisionero
prisoner	trust	de prisionero
prickly	anger	espinoso
prickly	anticipation	espinoso
prickly	disgust	espinoso
prickly	fear	espinoso
prickly	joy	espinoso
prickly	negative	espinoso
prickly	positive	espinoso
prickly	sadness	maestría
prickly	surprise	de maestría
prickly	trust	espinosa
mastery	anger	espinosa
mastery	anticipation	espinosa
mastery	disgust	maestría
mastery	fear	de maestría
mastery	joy	de maestría
mastery	negative	de maestría
mastery	positive	maestría
mastery	sadness	de maestría
mastery	surprise	de maestría
mastery	trust	de maestría
populous	anger	populosa
populous	anticipation	populoso
populous	disgust	populoso
populous	fear	populoso
populous	joy	populoso
populous	negative	populoso
populous	positive	populoso
populous	sadness	populoso
populous	surprise	populoso
populous	trust	populoso
primordial	anger	primordial
primordial	anticipation	primordial
primordial	disgust	primordial
primordial	fear	primordial
primordial	joy	primordial
primordial	negative	primordial
primordial	positive	primordial
primordial	sadness	primordial
primordial	surprise	primordial
primordial	trust	primordial
hungry	anger	famélico
hungry	anticipation	famélico
hungry	disgust	famélico
hungry	fear	famélico
hungry	joy	famélico
hungry	negative	famélico
hungry	positive	famélico
hungry	sadness	incompetencia
hungry	surprise	de incompetencia
hungry	trust	famélica
incompetence	anger	famélica
incompetence	anticipation	famélica
incompetence	disgust	incompetencia
incompetence	fear	de incompetencia
incompetence	joy	de incompetencia
incompetence	negative	de incompetencia
incompetence	positive	incompetencia
incompetence	sadness	de incompetencia
incompetence	surprise	de incompetencia
incompetence	trust	de incompetencia que
spoiling	anger	estropea
spoiling	anticipation	estropeando
spoiling	disgust	estropeando
spoiling	fear	estropeando
spoiling	joy	estropeando
spoiling	negative	estropeando
spoiling	positive	estropeando
spoiling	sadness	estropeando
spoiling	surprise	estropeando
spoiling	trust	estropeando
altercation	anger	altercado
altercation	anticipation	de altercado
altercation	disgust	de altercado
altercation	fear	de altercado
altercation	joy	altercado
altercation	negative	de altercado
altercation	positive	de altercado
altercation	sadness	de altercado
altercation	surprise	altercado
altercation	trust	de altercado
morbid	anger	morbid
morbid	anticipation	morbid
morbid	disgust	morbid
morbid	fear	morbid
morbid	joy	morbid
morbid	negative	morbid
morbid	positive	morbid
morbid	sadness	morbid
morbid	surprise	morbid
morbid	trust	morbid
vaudeville	anger	vaudeville
vaudeville	anticipation	vaudeville
vaudeville	disgust	vaudeville
vaudeville	fear	vaudeville
vaudeville	joy	vaudeville
vaudeville	negative	vaudeville
vaudeville	positive	vaudeville
vaudeville	sadness	vaudeville
vaudeville	surprise	vaudeville
vaudeville	trust	vaudeville
pollute	anger	contaminar
pollute	anticipation	contaminar
pollute	disgust	contaminar
pollute	fear	contaminar
pollute	joy	contaminar
pollute	negative	contaminar
pollute	positive	contaminar
pollute	sadness	contaminar
pollute	surprise	contaminar
pollute	trust	contaminar
bing	anger	bing
bing	anticipation	bing
bing	disgust	bing
bing	fear	bing
bing	joy	bing
bing	negative	bing
bing	positive	bing
bing	sadness	bing
bing	surprise	bing
bing	trust	bing
gaseous	anger	gaseoso
gaseous	anticipation	gaseoso
gaseous	disgust	gaseoso
gaseous	fear	gaseoso
gaseous	joy	gaseoso
gaseous	negative	gaseoso
gaseous	positive	gaseoso
gaseous	sadness	gaseoso
gaseous	surprise	gaseoso
gaseous	trust	gaseoso
flagrant	anger	flagrante
flagrant	anticipation	flagrante
flagrant	disgust	flagrante
flagrant	fear	flagrante
flagrant	joy	flagrante
flagrant	negative	flagrante
flagrant	positive	flagrante
flagrant	sadness	excentricidad
flagrant	surprise	de excentricidad
flagrant	trust	flagrante
eccentricity	anger	flagrante
eccentricity	anticipation	flagrante
eccentricity	disgust	excentricidad
eccentricity	fear	de excentricidad
eccentricity	joy	de excentricidad
eccentricity	negative	de excentricidad
eccentricity	positive	excentricidad
eccentricity	sadness	de excentricidad
eccentricity	surprise	de excentricidad
eccentricity	trust	de excentricidad
narrative	anger	narrativa
narrative	anticipation	narrativo
narrative	disgust	narrativo
narrative	fear	narrativo
narrative	joy	narrativo
narrative	negative	narrativo
narrative	positive	narrativa
narrative	sadness	narrativa
narrative	surprise	narrativa
narrative	trust	narrativa
undergo	anger	experimenta
undergo	anticipation	experimentar
undergo	disgust	experimentar
undergo	fear	experimentar
undergo	joy	experimentar
undergo	negative	experimentar
undergo	positive	experimentar
undergo	sadness	experimentar
undergo	surprise	experimentar
undergo	trust	experimentar
criminality	anger	criminalidad
criminality	anticipation	de criminalidad
criminality	disgust	de criminalidad
criminality	fear	de criminalidad
criminality	joy	criminalidad
criminality	negative	de criminalidad
criminality	positive	de criminalidad
criminality	sadness	de criminalidad
criminality	surprise	criminalidad
criminality	trust	de criminalidad
displace	anger	desplaza
displace	anticipation	desplazar
displace	disgust	desplazar
displace	fear	desplazar
displace	joy	desplazar
displace	negative	desplazar
displace	positive	desplazar
displace	sadness	desplazar
displace	surprise	desplazar
displace	trust	desplazar
entire	anger	entero
entire	anticipation	entero
entire	disgust	entero
entire	fear	entero
entire	joy	entero
entire	negative	entero
entire	positive	entero
entire	sadness	entero
entire	surprise	entero
entire	trust	entero
wick	anger	wick
wick	anticipation	wick
wick	disgust	wick
wick	fear	wick
wick	joy	wick
wick	negative	wick
wick	positive	wick
wick	sadness	wick
wick	surprise	wick
wick	trust	wick
lane	anger	camino
lane	anticipation	de camino
lane	disgust	de camino
lane	fear	de camino
lane	joy	camino
lane	negative	de camino
lane	positive	de camino
lane	sadness	de camino
lane	surprise	camino
lane	trust	de camino
represented	anger	representó
represented	anticipation	representado
represented	disgust	representó
represented	fear	representado
represented	joy	representó
represented	negative	representado
represented	positive	representó
represented	sadness	representado
represented	surprise	representó
represented	trust	representado
wellhead	anger	wellhead
wellhead	anticipation	wellhead
wellhead	disgust	wellhead
wellhead	fear	wellhead
wellhead	joy	wellhead
wellhead	negative	wellhead
wellhead	positive	wellhead
wellhead	sadness	wellhead
wellhead	surprise	wellhead
wellhead	trust	wellhead
brochure	anger	folleto
brochure	anticipation	de folleto
brochure	disgust	de folleto
brochure	fear	de folleto
brochure	joy	folleto
brochure	negative	de folleto
brochure	positive	de folleto
brochure	sadness	de folleto
brochure	surprise	seguridades
brochure	trust	de seguridades
securities	anger	de folleto
securities	anticipation	de folleto
securities	disgust	seguridades
securities	fear	de seguridades
securities	joy	de seguridades
securities	negative	de seguridades
securities	positive	seguridades
securities	sadness	de seguridades
securities	surprise	de seguridades
securities	trust	de seguridades
neigh	anger	neigh
neigh	anticipation	neigh
neigh	disgust	neigh
neigh	fear	neigh
neigh	joy	neigh
neigh	negative	neigh
neigh	positive	neigh
neigh	sadness	neigh
neigh	surprise	neigh
neigh	trust	neigh
previously	anger	anteriormente
previously	anticipation	anteriormente
previously	disgust	anteriormente
previously	fear	anteriormente
previously	joy	anteriormente
previously	negative	anteriormente
previously	positive	anteriormente
previously	sadness	anteriormente
previously	surprise	anteriormente
previously	trust	anteriormente
plasma	anger	plasma
plasma	anticipation	de plasma
plasma	disgust	de plasma
plasma	fear	de plasma
plasma	joy	plasma
plasma	negative	de plasma
plasma	positive	de plasma
plasma	sadness	de plasma
plasma	surprise	plasma
plasma	trust	de plasma
ope	anger	ope
ope	anticipation	ope
ope	disgust	ope
ope	fear	ope
ope	joy	ope
ope	negative	ope
ope	positive	ope
ope	sadness	ope
ope	surprise	ope
ope	trust	ope
plastic	anger	plástico
plastic	anticipation	plástico
plastic	disgust	plástico
plastic	fear	plástico
plastic	joy	plástico
plastic	negative	plástico
plastic	positive	plástico
plastic	sadness	plástico
plastic	surprise	plástico
plastic	trust	plástico
simple	anger	sencillo
simple	anticipation	sencillo
simple	disgust	sencillo
simple	fear	sencillo
simple	joy	sencillo
simple	negative	sencillo
simple	positive	sencillo
simple	sadness	sencillo
simple	surprise	sencillo
simple	trust	sencillo
teller	anger	teller
teller	anticipation	teller
teller	disgust	teller
teller	fear	teller
teller	joy	teller
teller	negative	teller
teller	positive	teller
teller	sadness	teller
teller	surprise	teller
teller	trust	teller
regal	anger	regio
regal	anticipation	regio
regal	disgust	regio
regal	fear	regio
regal	joy	regio
regal	negative	regio
regal	positive	regio
regal	sadness	regio
regal	surprise	regio
regal	trust	regio
inherit	anger	heredar
inherit	anticipation	heredar
inherit	disgust	heredar
inherit	fear	heredar
inherit	joy	heredar
inherit	negative	heredar
inherit	positive	heredar
inherit	sadness	heredar
inherit	surprise	heredar
inherit	trust	heredar
season	anger	estación
season	anticipation	de estación
season	disgust	de estación
season	fear	de estación
season	joy	estación
season	negative	de estación
season	positive	de estación
season	sadness	de estación
season	surprise	diferenciación
season	trust	de diferenciación
differentiation	anger	de estación
differentiation	anticipation	de estación
differentiation	disgust	diferenciación
differentiation	fear	de diferenciación
differentiation	joy	de diferenciación
differentiation	negative	de diferenciación
differentiation	positive	diferenciación
differentiation	sadness	de diferenciación
differentiation	surprise	de diferenciación
differentiation	trust	de diferenciación
steppe	anger	estepa
steppe	anticipation	de estepa
steppe	disgust	de estepa
steppe	fear	de estepa
steppe	joy	estepa
steppe	negative	de estepa
steppe	positive	de estepa
steppe	sadness	de estepa
steppe	surprise	mobiliario
steppe	trust	de mobiliario
furniture	anger	de estepa
furniture	anticipation	de estepa
furniture	disgust	mobiliario
furniture	fear	de mobiliario
furniture	joy	de mobiliario
furniture	negative	de mobiliario
furniture	positive	mobiliario
furniture	sadness	de mobiliario
furniture	surprise	de mobiliario
furniture	trust	de mobiliario
overlying	anger	overlying
overlying	anticipation	overlying
overlying	disgust	overlying
overlying	fear	overlying
overlying	joy	overlying
overlying	negative	overlying
overlying	positive	overlying
overlying	sadness	overlying
overlying	surprise	overlying
overlying	trust	overlying
blame	anger	culpa
blame	anticipation	de culpa
blame	disgust	de culpa
blame	fear	de culpa
blame	joy	culpa
blame	negative	de culpa
blame	positive	de culpa
blame	sadness	de culpa
blame	surprise	moneda
blame	trust	de moneda
currency	anger	de culpa
currency	anticipation	de culpa
currency	disgust	moneda
currency	fear	de moneda
currency	joy	de moneda
currency	negative	de moneda
currency	positive	moneda
currency	sadness	de moneda
currency	surprise	de moneda
currency	trust	de moneda
recklessness	anger	recklessness
recklessness	anticipation	recklessness
recklessness	disgust	recklessness
recklessness	fear	recklessness
recklessness	joy	recklessness
recklessness	negative	recklessness
recklessness	positive	recklessness
recklessness	sadness	recklessness
recklessness	surprise	recklessness
recklessness	trust	recklessness
sea	anger	mar
sea	anticipation	de mar
sea	disgust	de mar
sea	fear	de mar
sea	joy	mar
sea	negative	de mar
sea	positive	de mar
sea	sadness	de mar
sea	surprise	mar
sea	trust	de mar
deadly	anger	mortífero
deadly	anticipation	mortífero
deadly	disgust	mortífero
deadly	fear	mortífero
deadly	joy	mortífero
deadly	negative	mortífero
deadly	positive	mortífero
deadly	sadness	estética
deadly	surprise	de estética
deadly	trust	mortífera
aesthetics	anger	mortífera
aesthetics	anticipation	mortífera
aesthetics	disgust	estética
aesthetics	fear	de estética
aesthetics	joy	de estética
aesthetics	negative	de estética
aesthetics	positive	estética
aesthetics	sadness	de estética
aesthetics	surprise	de estética
aesthetics	trust	de estética
worn	anger	gastada
worn	anticipation	gastado
worn	disgust	gastado
worn	fear	gastado
worn	joy	gastado
worn	negative	gastado
worn	positive	gastado
worn	sadness	gastado
worn	surprise	gastado
worn	trust	gastado
continuously	anger	continuamente
continuously	anticipation	continuamente
continuously	disgust	continuamente
continuously	fear	continuamente
continuously	joy	continuamente
continuously	negative	continuamente
continuously	positive	continuamente
continuously	sadness	continuamente
continuously	surprise	continuamente
continuously	trust	continuamente
ethanol	anger	etanol
ethanol	anticipation	de etanol
ethanol	disgust	de etanol
ethanol	fear	de etanol
ethanol	joy	etanol
ethanol	negative	de etanol
ethanol	positive	de etanol
ethanol	sadness	de etanol
ethanol	surprise	etanol
ethanol	trust	de etanol
hearer	anger	hearer
hearer	anticipation	hearer
hearer	disgust	hearer
hearer	fear	hearer
hearer	joy	hearer
hearer	negative	hearer
hearer	positive	hearer
hearer	sadness	hearer
hearer	surprise	hearer
hearer	trust	hearer
coup	anger	golpe
coup	anticipation	de golpe
coup	disgust	de golpe
coup	fear	de golpe
coup	joy	golpe
coup	negative	de golpe
coup	positive	de golpe
coup	sadness	de golpe
coup	surprise	participación
coup	trust	de participación
participation	anger	de golpe
participation	anticipation	de golpe
participation	disgust	participación
participation	fear	de participación
participation	joy	de participación
participation	negative	de participación
participation	positive	participación
participation	sadness	de participación
participation	surprise	de participación
participation	trust	de participación
freeway	anger	autopista
freeway	anticipation	de autopista
freeway	disgust	de autopista
freeway	fear	de autopista
freeway	joy	autopista
freeway	negative	de autopista
freeway	positive	de autopista
freeway	sadness	de autopista
freeway	surprise	cerro
freeway	trust	de cerro
hill	anger	de autopista
hill	anticipation	de autopista
hill	disgust	cerro
hill	fear	de cerro
hill	joy	de cerro
hill	negative	de cerro
hill	positive	cerro
hill	sadness	de cerro
hill	surprise	de cerro
hill	trust	de cerro
thatch	anger	thatch
thatch	anticipation	thatch
thatch	disgust	thatch
thatch	fear	thatch
thatch	joy	thatch
thatch	negative	thatch
thatch	positive	thatch
thatch	sadness	thatch
thatch	surprise	thatch
thatch	trust	thatch
smoking	anger	fumando
smoking	anticipation	fumando
smoking	disgust	fumando
smoking	fear	fumando
smoking	joy	fumando
smoking	negative	fumando
smoking	positive	fumando
smoking	sadness	fumando
smoking	surprise	fumando
smoking	trust	fumando
eject	anger	expulsa
eject	anticipation	expulsar
eject	disgust	expulsar
eject	fear	expulsar
eject	joy	expulsar
eject	negative	expulsar
eject	positive	expulsar
eject	sadness	expulsar
eject	surprise	expulsar
eject	trust	expulsar
repelling	anger	repeliendo
repelling	anticipation	repeliendo
repelling	disgust	repeliendo
repelling	fear	repeliendo
repelling	joy	repeliendo
repelling	negative	repeliendo
repelling	positive	repeliendo
repelling	sadness	repeliendo
repelling	surprise	repeliendo
repelling	trust	repeliendo
delicacy	anger	delicadeza
delicacy	anticipation	de delicadeza
delicacy	disgust	de delicadeza
delicacy	fear	de delicadeza
delicacy	joy	delicadeza
delicacy	negative	de delicadeza
delicacy	positive	de delicadeza
delicacy	sadness	de delicadeza
delicacy	surprise	directorio
delicacy	trust	de directorio
directory	anger	de delicadeza
directory	anticipation	de delicadeza
directory	disgust	directorio
directory	fear	de directorio
directory	joy	de directorio
directory	negative	de directorio
directory	positive	directorio
directory	sadness	de directorio
directory	surprise	de directorio
directory	trust	de directorio
feeder	anger	alimentador
feeder	anticipation	de alimentador
feeder	disgust	de alimentador
feeder	fear	de alimentador
feeder	joy	alimentador
feeder	negative	de alimentador
feeder	positive	de alimentador
feeder	sadness	de alimentador
feeder	surprise	alimentador
feeder	trust	de alimentador
disjointed	anger	disjointed
disjointed	anticipation	disjointed
disjointed	disgust	disjointed
disjointed	fear	disjointed
disjointed	joy	disjointed
disjointed	negative	disjointed
disjointed	positive	disjointed
disjointed	sadness	disjointed
disjointed	surprise	disjointed
disjointed	trust	disjointed
melodramatic	anger	melodramático
melodramatic	anticipation	melodramático
melodramatic	disgust	melodramático
melodramatic	fear	melodramático
melodramatic	joy	melodramático
melodramatic	negative	melodramático
melodramatic	positive	melodramático
melodramatic	sadness	sueño
melodramatic	surprise	de sueño
melodramatic	trust	melodramático
dream	anger	melodramático
dream	anticipation	melodramático
dream	disgust	sueño
dream	fear	de sueño
dream	joy	de sueño
dream	negative	de sueño
dream	positive	sueño
dream	sadness	de sueño
dream	surprise	de sueño
dream	trust	de sueño
failure	anger	fracaso
failure	anticipation	de fracaso
failure	disgust	de fracaso
failure	fear	de fracaso
failure	joy	fracaso
failure	negative	de fracaso
failure	positive	de fracaso
failure	sadness	de fracaso
failure	surprise	revuelta
failure	trust	de revuelta
uprising	anger	de fracaso
uprising	anticipation	de fracaso
uprising	disgust	revuelta
uprising	fear	de revuelta
uprising	joy	de revuelta
uprising	negative	de revuelta
uprising	positive	revuelta
uprising	sadness	de revuelta
uprising	surprise	de revuelta
uprising	trust	de revuelta
unorthodox	anger	unorthodox
unorthodox	anticipation	unorthodox
unorthodox	disgust	unorthodox
unorthodox	fear	unorthodox
unorthodox	joy	unorthodox
unorthodox	negative	unorthodox
unorthodox	positive	unorthodox
unorthodox	sadness	unorthodox
unorthodox	surprise	unorthodox
unorthodox	trust	unorthodox
commonly	anger	generalmente
commonly	anticipation	generalmente
commonly	disgust	generalmente
commonly	fear	generalmente
commonly	joy	generalmente
commonly	negative	generalmente
commonly	positive	generalmente
commonly	sadness	generalmente
commonly	surprise	generalmente
commonly	trust	generalmente
embroidered	anger	bordó
embroidered	anticipation	bordado
embroidered	disgust	bordó
embroidered	fear	bordado
embroidered	joy	bordó
embroidered	negative	bordado
embroidered	positive	bordó
embroidered	sadness	bordado
embroidered	surprise	bordó
embroidered	trust	bordado
reinstall	anger	reinstall
reinstall	anticipation	reinstall
reinstall	disgust	reinstall
reinstall	fear	reinstall
reinstall	joy	reinstall
reinstall	negative	reinstall
reinstall	positive	reinstall
reinstall	sadness	reinstall
reinstall	surprise	reinstall
reinstall	trust	reinstall
majestic	anger	majestic
majestic	anticipation	majestic
majestic	disgust	majestic
majestic	fear	majestic
majestic	joy	majestic
majestic	negative	majestic
majestic	positive	majestic
majestic	sadness	majestic
majestic	surprise	majestic
majestic	trust	majestic
expected	anger	esperó
expected	anticipation	esperado
expected	disgust	esperó
expected	fear	esperado
expected	joy	esperó
expected	negative	esperado
expected	positive	esperó
expected	sadness	esperado
expected	surprise	esperó
expected	trust	ojera
spectacle	anger	de ojera
spectacle	anticipation	de ojera
spectacle	disgust	esperada
spectacle	fear	ojera
spectacle	joy	de ojera
spectacle	negative	de ojera
spectacle	positive	de ojera
spectacle	sadness	élite
spectacle	surprise	de ojera
spectacle	trust	de ojera
elite	anger	de ojera
elite	anticipation	élite
elite	disgust	de élite
elite	fear	de élite
elite	joy	de élite
elite	negative	élite
elite	positive	de élite
elite	sadness	de élite
elite	surprise	de élite
elite	trust	élite
mow	anger	mow
mow	anticipation	mow
mow	disgust	mow
mow	fear	mow
mow	joy	mow
mow	negative	mow
mow	positive	mow
mow	sadness	mow
mow	surprise	mow
mow	trust	mow
unsupported	anger	unsupported
unsupported	anticipation	unsupported
unsupported	disgust	unsupported
unsupported	fear	unsupported
unsupported	joy	unsupported
unsupported	negative	unsupported
unsupported	positive	unsupported
unsupported	sadness	unsupported
unsupported	surprise	unsupported
unsupported	trust	unsupported
turban	anger	turbante
turban	anticipation	de turbante
turban	disgust	de turbante
turban	fear	de turbante
turban	joy	turbante
turban	negative	de turbante
turban	positive	de turbante
turban	sadness	de turbante
turban	surprise	turbante
turban	trust	de turbante
perchance	anger	perchance
perchance	anticipation	perchance
perchance	disgust	perchance
perchance	fear	perchance
perchance	joy	perchance
perchance	negative	perchance
perchance	positive	perchance
perchance	sadness	perchance
perchance	surprise	perchance
perchance	trust	perchance
erode	anger	erosionar
erode	anticipation	erosionar
erode	disgust	erosionar
erode	fear	erosionar
erode	joy	erosionar
erode	negative	erosionar
erode	positive	erosionar
erode	sadness	erosionar
erode	surprise	erosionar
erode	trust	erosionar
calculation	anger	cálculo
calculation	anticipation	de cálculo
calculation	disgust	de cálculo
calculation	fear	de cálculo
calculation	joy	cálculo
calculation	negative	de cálculo
calculation	positive	de cálculo
calculation	sadness	de cálculo
calculation	surprise	alboroto
calculation	trust	de alboroto
din	anger	de cálculo
din	anticipation	de cálculo
din	disgust	alboroto
din	fear	de alboroto
din	joy	de alboroto
din	negative	de alboroto
din	positive	alboroto
din	sadness	de alboroto
din	surprise	de alboroto
din	trust	de alboroto
portrait	anger	retrato
portrait	anticipation	de retrato
portrait	disgust	de retrato
portrait	fear	de retrato
portrait	joy	retrato
portrait	negative	de retrato
portrait	positive	de retrato
portrait	sadness	de retrato
portrait	surprise	retrato
portrait	trust	de retrato
joking	anger	joking
joking	anticipation	joking
joking	disgust	joking
joking	fear	joking
joking	joy	joking
joking	negative	joking
joking	positive	joking
joking	sadness	joking
joking	surprise	joking
joking	trust	joking
yesterday	anger	ayer
yesterday	anticipation	ayer
yesterday	disgust	ayer
yesterday	fear	ayer
yesterday	joy	ayer
yesterday	negative	ayer
yesterday	positive	ayer
yesterday	sadness	ayer
yesterday	surprise	ayer
yesterday	trust	ayer
cursory	anger	cursory
cursory	anticipation	cursory
cursory	disgust	cursory
cursory	fear	cursory
cursory	joy	cursory
cursory	negative	cursory
cursory	positive	cursory
cursory	sadness	cursory
cursory	surprise	cursory
cursory	trust	cursory
fulcrum	anger	fulcro
fulcrum	anticipation	de fulcro
fulcrum	disgust	de fulcro
fulcrum	fear	de fulcro
fulcrum	joy	fulcro
fulcrum	negative	de fulcro
fulcrum	positive	de fulcro
fulcrum	sadness	de fulcro
fulcrum	surprise	fulcro
fulcrum	trust	de fulcro
croquet	anger	croquet
croquet	anticipation	croquet
croquet	disgust	croquet
croquet	fear	croquet
croquet	joy	croquet
croquet	negative	croquet
croquet	positive	croquet
croquet	sadness	croquet
croquet	surprise	croquet
croquet	trust	croquet
rib	anger	costilla
rib	anticipation	de costilla
rib	disgust	de costilla
rib	fear	de costilla
rib	joy	costilla
rib	negative	de costilla
rib	positive	de costilla
rib	sadness	de costilla
rib	surprise	violación
rib	trust	de violación
rape	anger	de costilla
rape	anticipation	de costilla
rape	disgust	violación
rape	fear	de violación
rape	joy	de violación
rape	negative	de violación
rape	positive	violación
rape	sadness	de violación
rape	surprise	de violación
rape	trust	de violación
headland	anger	headland
headland	anticipation	headland
headland	disgust	headland
headland	fear	headland
headland	joy	headland
headland	negative	headland
headland	positive	headland
headland	sadness	headland
headland	surprise	headland
headland	trust	headland
cyst	anger	quiste
cyst	anticipation	de quiste
cyst	disgust	de quiste
cyst	fear	de quiste
cyst	joy	quiste
cyst	negative	de quiste
cyst	positive	de quiste
cyst	sadness	de quiste
cyst	surprise	quiste
cyst	trust	de quiste que
shading	anger	sombrea
shading	anticipation	sombreando
shading	disgust	sombreando
shading	fear	sombreando
shading	joy	sombreando
shading	negative	sombreando
shading	positive	sombreando
shading	sadness	sombreando
shading	surprise	sombreando
shading	trust	sombreando
habitat	anger	hábitat
habitat	anticipation	de hábitat
habitat	disgust	de hábitat
habitat	fear	de hábitat
habitat	joy	hábitat
habitat	negative	de hábitat
habitat	positive	de hábitat
habitat	sadness	de hábitat
habitat	surprise	hábitat
habitat	trust	de hábitat
demos	anger	demos
demos	anticipation	demos
demos	disgust	demos
demos	fear	demos
demos	joy	demos
demos	negative	demos
demos	positive	demos
demos	sadness	demos
demos	surprise	demos
demos	trust	demos
silent	anger	silencioso
silent	anticipation	silencioso
silent	disgust	silencioso
silent	fear	silencioso
silent	joy	silencioso
silent	negative	silencioso
silent	positive	silencioso
silent	sadness	silencioso
silent	surprise	silencioso
silent	trust	silencioso
enlist	anger	enlist
enlist	anticipation	enlist
enlist	disgust	enlist
enlist	fear	enlist
enlist	joy	enlist
enlist	negative	enlist
enlist	positive	enlist
enlist	sadness	enlist
enlist	surprise	enlist
enlist	trust	enlist
puberty	anger	pubertad
puberty	anticipation	de pubertad
puberty	disgust	de pubertad
puberty	fear	de pubertad
puberty	joy	pubertad
puberty	negative	de pubertad
puberty	positive	de pubertad
puberty	sadness	de pubertad
puberty	surprise	pubertad
puberty	trust	de pubertad
humongous	anger	humongous
humongous	anticipation	humongous
humongous	disgust	humongous
humongous	fear	humongous
humongous	joy	humongous
humongous	negative	humongous
humongous	positive	humongous
humongous	sadness	humongous
humongous	surprise	humongous
humongous	trust	humongous
reprieve	anger	indulto
reprieve	anticipation	de indulto
reprieve	disgust	de indulto
reprieve	fear	de indulto
reprieve	joy	indulto
reprieve	negative	de indulto
reprieve	positive	de indulto
reprieve	sadness	de indulto
reprieve	surprise	indulto
reprieve	trust	de indulto
welt	anger	welt
welt	anticipation	welt
welt	disgust	welt
welt	fear	welt
welt	joy	welt
welt	negative	welt
welt	positive	welt
welt	sadness	welt
welt	surprise	welt
welt	trust	welt
jealous	anger	celoso
jealous	anticipation	celoso
jealous	disgust	celoso
jealous	fear	celoso
jealous	joy	celoso
jealous	negative	celoso
jealous	positive	celoso
jealous	sadness	celoso
jealous	surprise	celoso
jealous	trust	celoso
gammon	anger	gammon
gammon	anticipation	gammon
gammon	disgust	gammon
gammon	fear	gammon
gammon	joy	gammon
gammon	negative	gammon
gammon	positive	gammon
gammon	sadness	gammon
gammon	surprise	gammon
gammon	trust	gammon
contemptuous	anger	contemptuous
contemptuous	anticipation	contemptuous
contemptuous	disgust	contemptuous
contemptuous	fear	contemptuous
contemptuous	joy	contemptuous
contemptuous	negative	contemptuous
contemptuous	positive	contemptuous
contemptuous	sadness	contemptuous
contemptuous	surprise	contemptuous
contemptuous	trust	contemptuous
renewal	anger	renovación
renewal	anticipation	de renovación
renewal	disgust	de renovación
renewal	fear	de renovación
renewal	joy	renovación
renewal	negative	de renovación
renewal	positive	de renovación
renewal	sadness	de renovación
renewal	surprise	renovación
renewal	trust	de renovación
polar	anger	polar
polar	anticipation	polar
polar	disgust	polar
polar	fear	polar
polar	joy	polar
polar	negative	polar
polar	positive	polar
polar	sadness	notario
polar	surprise	de notario
polar	trust	polar
notary	anger	polar
notary	anticipation	polar
notary	disgust	notario
notary	fear	de notario
notary	joy	de notario
notary	negative	de notario
notary	positive	notario
notary	sadness	de notario
notary	surprise	de notario
notary	trust	de notario
facade	anger	fachada
facade	anticipation	de fachada
facade	disgust	de fachada
facade	fear	de fachada
facade	joy	fachada
facade	negative	de fachada
facade	positive	de fachada
facade	sadness	de fachada
facade	surprise	fachada
facade	trust	de fachada
tangled	anger	enredada
tangled	anticipation	enredado
tangled	disgust	enredado
tangled	fear	enredado
tangled	joy	enredado
tangled	negative	enredado
tangled	positive	enredado
tangled	sadness	enredado
tangled	surprise	enredado
tangled	trust	enredado
assembled	anger	reunió
assembled	anticipation	reunido
assembled	disgust	reunió
assembled	fear	reunido
assembled	joy	reunió
assembled	negative	reunido
assembled	positive	reunió
assembled	sadness	reunido
assembled	surprise	reunió
assembled	trust	reunido
kirk	anger	kirk
kirk	anticipation	kirk
kirk	disgust	kirk
kirk	fear	kirk
kirk	joy	kirk
kirk	negative	kirk
kirk	positive	kirk
kirk	sadness	kirk
kirk	surprise	kirk
kirk	trust	kirk
atheistic	anger	ateo
atheistic	anticipation	ateo
atheistic	disgust	ateo
atheistic	fear	ateo
atheistic	joy	ateo
atheistic	negative	ateo
atheistic	positive	ateo
atheistic	sadness	ateo
atheistic	surprise	ateo
atheistic	trust	ateo
compatible	anger	compatible
compatible	anticipation	compatible
compatible	disgust	compatible
compatible	fear	compatible
compatible	joy	compatible
compatible	negative	compatible
compatible	positive	compatible
compatible	sadness	compatible
compatible	surprise	compatible
compatible	trust	compatible
migratory	anger	migratorio
migratory	anticipation	migratorio
migratory	disgust	migratorio
migratory	fear	migratorio
migratory	joy	migratorio
migratory	negative	migratorio
migratory	positive	migratorio
migratory	sadness	migratorio
migratory	surprise	migratorio
migratory	trust	migratorio
tortious	anger	tortious
tortious	anticipation	tortious
tortious	disgust	tortious
tortious	fear	tortious
tortious	joy	tortious
tortious	negative	tortious
tortious	positive	tortious
tortious	sadness	tortious
tortious	surprise	tortious
tortious	trust	tortious
unmask	anger	desenmascarar
unmask	anticipation	desenmascarar
unmask	disgust	desenmascarar
unmask	fear	desenmascarar
unmask	joy	desenmascarar
unmask	negative	desenmascarar
unmask	positive	desenmascarar
unmask	sadness	desenmascarar
unmask	surprise	desenmascarar
unmask	trust	desenmascarar
conceal	anger	encubrir
conceal	anticipation	encubrir
conceal	disgust	encubrir
conceal	fear	encubrir
conceal	joy	encubrir
conceal	negative	encubrir
conceal	positive	encubrir
conceal	sadness	encubrir
conceal	surprise	encubrir
conceal	trust	encubrir
perished	anger	perecido
perished	anticipation	pereció
perished	disgust	perecido
perished	fear	pereció
perished	joy	perecido
perished	negative	pereció
perished	positive	perecido
perished	sadness	pereció
perished	surprise	pereció
perished	trust	perecido
fat	anger	gordo
fat	anticipation	gordo
fat	disgust	gordo
fat	fear	gordo
fat	joy	gordo
fat	negative	gordo
fat	positive	gordo
fat	sadness	gordo
fat	surprise	gordo
fat	trust	gordo
deprivation	anger	deprivation
deprivation	anticipation	deprivation
deprivation	disgust	deprivation
deprivation	fear	deprivation
deprivation	joy	deprivation
deprivation	negative	deprivation
deprivation	positive	deprivation
deprivation	sadness	deprivation
deprivation	surprise	deprivation
deprivation	trust	deprivation
crushing	anger	aplastante
crushing	anticipation	aplastante
crushing	disgust	aplastante
crushing	fear	aplastante
crushing	joy	aplastante
crushing	negative	aplastante
crushing	positive	aplastante
crushing	sadness	aplastante
crushing	surprise	aplastante
crushing	trust	aplastante
elan	anger	elan
elan	anticipation	elan
elan	disgust	elan
elan	fear	elan
elan	joy	elan
elan	negative	elan
elan	positive	elan
elan	sadness	elan
elan	surprise	elan
elan	trust	elan
undoing	anger	deshaciendo
undoing	anticipation	deshaciendo
undoing	disgust	deshaciendo
undoing	fear	deshaciendo
undoing	joy	deshaciendo
undoing	negative	deshaciendo
undoing	positive	deshaciendo
undoing	sadness	deshaciendo
undoing	surprise	deshaciendo
undoing	trust	deshaciendo
swimming	anger	natación
swimming	anticipation	de natación
swimming	disgust	de natación
swimming	fear	de natación
swimming	joy	natación
swimming	negative	de natación
swimming	positive	de natación
swimming	sadness	de natación
swimming	surprise	despacho
swimming	trust	de despacho
dispatch	anger	de natación
dispatch	anticipation	de natación
dispatch	disgust	despacho
dispatch	fear	de despacho
dispatch	joy	de despacho
dispatch	negative	de despacho
dispatch	positive	despacho
dispatch	sadness	de despacho
dispatch	surprise	de despacho
dispatch	trust	de despacho
god	anger	dios
god	anticipation	de dios
god	disgust	de dios
god	fear	de dios
god	joy	dios
god	negative	de dios
god	positive	de dios
god	sadness	de dios
god	surprise	dios
god	trust	de dios
orange	anger	naranja
orange	anticipation	naranja
orange	disgust	naranja
orange	fear	naranja
orange	joy	naranja
orange	negative	naranja
orange	positive	naranja
orange	sadness	naranja
orange	surprise	naranja
orange	trust	naranja
laughable	anger	laughable
laughable	anticipation	laughable
laughable	disgust	laughable
laughable	fear	laughable
laughable	joy	laughable
laughable	negative	laughable
laughable	positive	laughable
laughable	sadness	laughable
laughable	surprise	laughable
laughable	trust	laughable
basin	anger	cuenca
basin	anticipation	de cuenca
basin	disgust	de cuenca
basin	fear	de cuenca
basin	joy	cuenca
basin	negative	de cuenca
basin	positive	de cuenca
basin	sadness	de cuenca
basin	surprise	cuenca
basin	trust	de cuenca
tiredness	anger	tiredness
tiredness	anticipation	tiredness
tiredness	disgust	tiredness
tiredness	fear	tiredness
tiredness	joy	tiredness
tiredness	negative	tiredness
tiredness	positive	tiredness
tiredness	sadness	tiredness
tiredness	surprise	tiredness
tiredness	trust	tiredness
vulture	anger	buitre
vulture	anticipation	de buitre
vulture	disgust	de buitre
vulture	fear	de buitre
vulture	joy	buitre
vulture	negative	de buitre
vulture	positive	de buitre
vulture	sadness	de buitre
vulture	surprise	buitre
vulture	trust	de buitre
numerical	anger	numérico
numerical	anticipation	numérico
numerical	disgust	numérico
numerical	fear	numérico
numerical	joy	numérico
numerical	negative	numérico
numerical	positive	numérico
numerical	sadness	numérico
numerical	surprise	numérico
numerical	trust	numérico
flashy	anger	flashy
flashy	anticipation	flashy
flashy	disgust	flashy
flashy	fear	flashy
flashy	joy	flashy
flashy	negative	flashy
flashy	positive	flashy
flashy	sadness	flashy
flashy	surprise	flashy
flashy	trust	flashy
movable	anger	movible
movable	anticipation	movible
movable	disgust	movible
movable	fear	movible
movable	joy	movible
movable	negative	movible
movable	positive	movible
movable	sadness	robo
movable	surprise	de robo
movable	trust	movible
theft	anger	movible
theft	anticipation	movible
theft	disgust	robo
theft	fear	de robo
theft	joy	de robo
theft	negative	de robo
theft	positive	robo
theft	sadness	de robo
theft	surprise	de robo
theft	trust	de robo
multitude	anger	multitude
multitude	anticipation	multitude
multitude	disgust	multitude
multitude	fear	multitude
multitude	joy	multitude
multitude	negative	multitude
multitude	positive	multitude
multitude	sadness	multitude
multitude	surprise	multitude
multitude	trust	multitude
goodwill	anger	fondo de comercio
goodwill	anticipation	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	disgust	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	fear	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	joy	fondo de comercio
goodwill	negative	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	positive	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	sadness	de fondo de comercio
goodwill	surprise	fondo de comercio
goodwill	trust	de fondo de comercio
merriment	anger	merriment
merriment	anticipation	merriment
merriment	disgust	merriment
merriment	fear	merriment
merriment	joy	merriment
merriment	negative	merriment
merriment	positive	merriment
merriment	sadness	merriment
merriment	surprise	merriment
merriment	trust	merriment
gravity	anger	gravedad
gravity	anticipation	de gravedad
gravity	disgust	de gravedad
gravity	fear	de gravedad
gravity	joy	gravedad
gravity	negative	de gravedad
gravity	positive	de gravedad
gravity	sadness	de gravedad
gravity	surprise	gravedad
gravity	trust	de gravedad
amiable	anger	amable
amiable	anticipation	amable
amiable	disgust	amable
amiable	fear	amable
amiable	joy	amable
amiable	negative	amable
amiable	positive	amable
amiable	sadness	contracción
amiable	surprise	de contracción
amiable	trust	amable
contraction	anger	amable
contraction	anticipation	amable
contraction	disgust	contracción
contraction	fear	de contracción
contraction	joy	de contracción
contraction	negative	de contracción
contraction	positive	contracción
contraction	sadness	de contracción
contraction	surprise	de contracción
contraction	trust	de contracción
mirage	anger	espejismo
mirage	anticipation	de espejismo
mirage	disgust	de espejismo
mirage	fear	de espejismo
mirage	joy	espejismo
mirage	negative	de espejismo
mirage	positive	de espejismo
mirage	sadness	de espejismo
mirage	surprise	sedimento
mirage	trust	de sedimento
sediment	anger	de espejismo
sediment	anticipation	de espejismo
sediment	disgust	sedimento
sediment	fear	de sedimento
sediment	joy	de sedimento
sediment	negative	de sedimento
sediment	positive	sedimento
sediment	sadness	de sedimento
sediment	surprise	de sedimento
sediment	trust	de sedimento
grasshopper	anger	grasshopper
grasshopper	anticipation	grasshopper
grasshopper	disgust	grasshopper
grasshopper	fear	grasshopper
grasshopper	joy	grasshopper
grasshopper	negative	grasshopper
grasshopper	positive	grasshopper
grasshopper	sadness	grasshopper
grasshopper	surprise	grasshopper
grasshopper	trust	grasshopper
wearing	anger	llevando
wearing	anticipation	llevando
wearing	disgust	llevando
wearing	fear	llevando
wearing	joy	llevando
wearing	negative	llevando
wearing	positive	llevando
wearing	sadness	llevando
wearing	surprise	llevando
wearing	trust	llevando
church	anger	iglesia
church	anticipation	de iglesia
church	disgust	de iglesia
church	fear	de iglesia
church	joy	iglesia
church	negative	de iglesia
church	positive	de iglesia
church	sadness	de iglesia
church	surprise	iglesia
church	trust	de iglesia
irrevocable	anger	irrevocable
irrevocable	anticipation	irrevocable
irrevocable	disgust	irrevocable
irrevocable	fear	irrevocable
irrevocable	joy	irrevocable
irrevocable	negative	irrevocable
irrevocable	positive	irrevocable
irrevocable	sadness	autor
irrevocable	surprise	de autor
irrevocable	trust	irrevocable
author	anger	irrevocable
author	anticipation	irrevocable
author	disgust	autor
author	fear	de autor
author	joy	de autor
author	negative	de autor
author	positive	autor
author	sadness	de autor
author	surprise	de autor
author	trust	de autor
idler	anger	idler
idler	anticipation	idler
idler	disgust	idler
idler	fear	idler
idler	joy	idler
idler	negative	idler
idler	positive	idler
idler	sadness	idler
idler	surprise	idler
idler	trust	idler
mare	anger	yegua
mare	anticipation	de yegua
mare	disgust	de yegua
mare	fear	de yegua
mare	joy	yegua
mare	negative	de yegua
mare	positive	de yegua
mare	sadness	de yegua
mare	surprise	masacre
mare	trust	de masacre
massacre	anger	de yegua
massacre	anticipation	de yegua
massacre	disgust	masacre
massacre	fear	de masacre
massacre	joy	de masacre
massacre	negative	de masacre
massacre	positive	masacre
massacre	sadness	de masacre
massacre	surprise	de masacre
massacre	trust	de masacre
subway	anger	metro
subway	anticipation	de metro
subway	disgust	de metro
subway	fear	de metro
subway	joy	metro
subway	negative	de metro
subway	positive	de metro
subway	sadness	de metro
subway	surprise	metro
subway	trust	de metro
productive	anger	productivo
productive	anticipation	productivo
productive	disgust	productivo
productive	fear	productivo
productive	joy	productivo
productive	negative	productivo
productive	positive	productivo
productive	sadness	productivo
productive	surprise	productivo
productive	trust	productivo
fillet	anger	fillet
fillet	anticipation	fillet
fillet	disgust	fillet
fillet	fear	fillet
fillet	joy	fillet
fillet	negative	fillet
fillet	positive	fillet
fillet	sadness	fillet
fillet	surprise	fillet
fillet	trust	fillet
turning	anger	torneado
turning	anticipation	de torneado
turning	disgust	de torneado
turning	fear	de torneado
turning	joy	torneado
turning	negative	de torneado
turning	positive	de torneado
turning	sadness	de torneado
turning	surprise	el torneado que
turning	trust	gira
resplendent	anger	resplendent
resplendent	anticipation	resplendent
resplendent	disgust	resplendent
resplendent	fear	resplendent
resplendent	joy	resplendent
resplendent	negative	resplendent
resplendent	positive	resplendent
resplendent	sadness	resplendent
resplendent	surprise	resplendent
resplendent	trust	resplendent
fascia	anger	fascia
fascia	anticipation	fascia
fascia	disgust	fascia
fascia	fear	fascia
fascia	joy	fascia
fascia	negative	fascia
fascia	positive	fascia
fascia	sadness	fascia
fascia	surprise	fascia
fascia	trust	fascia
goody	anger	goody
goody	anticipation	goody
goody	disgust	goody
goody	fear	goody
goody	joy	goody
goody	negative	goody
goody	positive	goody
goody	sadness	goody
goody	surprise	goody
goody	trust	goody
waxy	anger	waxy
waxy	anticipation	waxy
waxy	disgust	waxy
waxy	fear	waxy
waxy	joy	waxy
waxy	negative	waxy
waxy	positive	waxy
waxy	sadness	waxy
waxy	surprise	waxy
waxy	trust	waxy
proprietary	anger	propietario
proprietary	anticipation	propietario
proprietary	disgust	propietario
proprietary	fear	propietario
proprietary	joy	propietario
proprietary	negative	propietario
proprietary	positive	propietario
proprietary	sadness	propietario
proprietary	surprise	propietario
proprietary	trust	propietario
planned	anger	previsto
planned	anticipation	previsto
planned	disgust	previsto
planned	fear	previsto
planned	joy	previsto
planned	negative	previsto
planned	positive	previsto
planned	sadness	previsto
planned	surprise	previsto
planned	trust	previsto
initiated	anger	inició
initiated	anticipation	iniciado
initiated	disgust	inició
initiated	fear	iniciado
initiated	joy	inició
initiated	negative	iniciado
initiated	positive	inició
initiated	sadness	iniciado
initiated	surprise	inició
initiated	trust	revelación
disclosure	anger	de revelación
disclosure	anticipation	de revelación
disclosure	disgust	iniciada
disclosure	fear	revelación
disclosure	joy	de revelación
disclosure	negative	de revelación
disclosure	positive	de revelación
disclosure	sadness	inflación
disclosure	surprise	de revelación
disclosure	trust	de revelación
inflation	anger	de revelación
inflation	anticipation	inflación
inflation	disgust	de inflación
inflation	fear	de inflación
inflation	joy	de inflación
inflation	negative	inflación
inflation	positive	de inflación
inflation	sadness	de inflación
inflation	surprise	de inflación
inflation	trust	inflación
waffle	anger	waffle
waffle	anticipation	waffle
waffle	disgust	waffle
waffle	fear	waffle
waffle	joy	waffle
waffle	negative	waffle
waffle	positive	waffle
waffle	sadness	waffle
waffle	surprise	waffle
waffle	trust	waffle
silhouette	anger	silueta
silhouette	anticipation	de silueta
silhouette	disgust	de silueta
silhouette	fear	de silueta
silhouette	joy	silueta
silhouette	negative	de silueta
silhouette	positive	de silueta
silhouette	sadness	de silueta
silhouette	surprise	silueta
silhouette	trust	de silueta
virtual	anger	virtual
virtual	anticipation	virtual
virtual	disgust	virtual
virtual	fear	virtual
virtual	joy	virtual
virtual	negative	virtual
virtual	positive	virtual
virtual	sadness	fibra
virtual	surprise	de fibra
virtual	trust	virtual
fiber	anger	virtual
fiber	anticipation	virtual
fiber	disgust	fibra
fiber	fear	de fibra
fiber	joy	de fibra
fiber	negative	de fibra
fiber	positive	fibra
fiber	sadness	de fibra
fiber	surprise	de fibra
fiber	trust	de fibra
aqua	anger	aqua
aqua	anticipation	aqua
aqua	disgust	aqua
aqua	fear	aqua
aqua	joy	aqua
aqua	negative	aqua
aqua	positive	aqua
aqua	sadness	aqua
aqua	surprise	aqua
aqua	trust	aqua
supporting	anger	de apoyo
supporting	anticipation	de apoyo
supporting	disgust	de apoyo
supporting	fear	de apoyo
supporting	joy	de apoyo
supporting	negative	de apoyo
supporting	positive	de apoyo
supporting	sadness	causalidad
supporting	surprise	de causalidad
supporting	trust	de apoyo
causality	anger	de apoyo
causality	anticipation	de apoyo
causality	disgust	causalidad
causality	fear	de causalidad
causality	joy	de causalidad
causality	negative	de causalidad
causality	positive	causalidad
causality	sadness	de causalidad
causality	surprise	de causalidad
causality	trust	de causalidad
convalescent	anger	convalescent
convalescent	anticipation	convalescent
convalescent	disgust	convalescent
convalescent	fear	convalescent
convalescent	joy	convalescent
convalescent	negative	convalescent
convalescent	positive	convalescent
convalescent	sadness	convalescent
convalescent	surprise	convalescent
convalescent	trust	convalescent
recovery	anger	recuperación
recovery	anticipation	de recuperación
recovery	disgust	de recuperación
recovery	fear	de recuperación
recovery	joy	recuperación
recovery	negative	de recuperación
recovery	positive	de recuperación
recovery	sadness	de recuperación
recovery	surprise	recuperación
recovery	trust	de recuperación
swagger	anger	swagger
swagger	anticipation	swagger
swagger	disgust	swagger
swagger	fear	swagger
swagger	joy	swagger
swagger	negative	swagger
swagger	positive	swagger
swagger	sadness	swagger
swagger	surprise	swagger
swagger	trust	swagger
unscrupulous	anger	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	anticipation	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	disgust	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	fear	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	joy	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	negative	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	positive	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	sadness	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	surprise	unscrupulous
unscrupulous	trust	unscrupulous
plausibility	anger	plausibility
plausibility	anticipation	plausibility
plausibility	disgust	plausibility
plausibility	fear	plausibility
plausibility	joy	plausibility
plausibility	negative	plausibility
plausibility	positive	plausibility
plausibility	sadness	plausibility
plausibility	surprise	plausibility
plausibility	trust	plausibility
jag	anger	jag
jag	anticipation	jag
jag	disgust	jag
jag	fear	jag
jag	joy	jag
jag	negative	jag
jag	positive	jag
jag	sadness	jag
jag	surprise	jag
jag	trust	jag
wrong	anger	incorrecto
wrong	anticipation	incorrecto
wrong	disgust	incorrecto
wrong	fear	incorrecto
wrong	joy	incorrecto
wrong	negative	incorrecto
wrong	positive	incorrecto
wrong	sadness	incorrecto
wrong	surprise	incorrecto
wrong	trust	incorrecto
veterinarian	anger	veterinarian
veterinarian	anticipation	veterinarian
veterinarian	disgust	veterinarian
veterinarian	fear	veterinarian
veterinarian	joy	veterinarian
veterinarian	negative	veterinarian
veterinarian	positive	veterinarian
veterinarian	sadness	veterinarian
veterinarian	surprise	veterinarian
veterinarian	trust	veterinarian
gravy	anger	gravy
gravy	anticipation	gravy
gravy	disgust	gravy
gravy	fear	gravy
gravy	joy	gravy
gravy	negative	gravy
gravy	positive	gravy
gravy	sadness	gravy
gravy	surprise	gravy
gravy	trust	gravy
sitting	anger	sentando
sitting	anticipation	sentando
sitting	disgust	sentando
sitting	fear	sentando
sitting	joy	sentando
sitting	negative	sentando
sitting	positive	sentando
sitting	sadness	sentando
sitting	surprise	sentando
sitting	trust	sentando
punch	anger	perforadora
punch	anticipation	de perforadora
punch	disgust	de perforadora
punch	fear	de perforadora
punch	joy	perforadora
punch	negative	de perforadora
punch	positive	de perforadora
punch	sadness	de perforadora
punch	surprise	vampiresa
punch	trust	de vampiresa
vamp	anger	de perforadora
vamp	anticipation	de perforadora
vamp	disgust	vampiresa
vamp	fear	de vampiresa
vamp	joy	de vampiresa
vamp	negative	de vampiresa
vamp	positive	vampiresa
vamp	sadness	de vampiresa
vamp	surprise	de vampiresa
vamp	trust	de vampiresa
conductivity	anger	conductividad
conductivity	anticipation	de conductividad
conductivity	disgust	de conductividad
conductivity	fear	de conductividad
conductivity	joy	conductividad
conductivity	negative	de conductividad
conductivity	positive	de conductividad
conductivity	sadness	de conductividad
conductivity	surprise	conductividad
conductivity	trust	de conductividad
bison	anger	bison
bison	anticipation	bison
bison	disgust	bison
bison	fear	bison
bison	joy	bison
bison	negative	bison
bison	positive	bison
bison	sadness	bison
bison	surprise	bison
bison	trust	bison
larder	anger	larder
larder	anticipation	larder
larder	disgust	larder
larder	fear	larder
larder	joy	larder
larder	negative	larder
larder	positive	larder
larder	sadness	larder
larder	surprise	larder
larder	trust	larder
capitalist	anger	capitalista
capitalist	anticipation	capitalista
capitalist	disgust	capitalista
capitalist	fear	capitalista
capitalist	joy	capitalista
capitalist	negative	capitalista
capitalist	positive	capitalista
capitalist	sadness	electricidad
capitalist	surprise	de electricidad
capitalist	trust	capitalista
electricity	anger	capitalista
electricity	anticipation	capitalista
electricity	disgust	electricidad
electricity	fear	de electricidad
electricity	joy	de electricidad
electricity	negative	de electricidad
electricity	positive	electricidad
electricity	sadness	de electricidad
electricity	surprise	de electricidad
electricity	trust	de electricidad
ceaseless	anger	ceaseless
ceaseless	anticipation	ceaseless
ceaseless	disgust	ceaseless
ceaseless	fear	ceaseless
ceaseless	joy	ceaseless
ceaseless	negative	ceaseless
ceaseless	positive	ceaseless
ceaseless	sadness	ceaseless
ceaseless	surprise	ceaseless
ceaseless	trust	ceaseless
alienation	anger	alienación
alienation	anticipation	de alienación
alienation	disgust	de alienación
alienation	fear	de alienación
alienation	joy	alienación
alienation	negative	de alienación
alienation	positive	de alienación
alienation	sadness	de alienación
alienation	surprise	crepúsculo
alienation	trust	de crepúsculo
dusk	anger	de alienación
dusk	anticipation	de alienación
dusk	disgust	crepúsculo
dusk	fear	de crepúsculo
dusk	joy	de crepúsculo
dusk	negative	de crepúsculo
dusk	positive	crepúsculo
dusk	sadness	de crepúsculo
dusk	surprise	de crepúsculo
dusk	trust	de crepúsculo
clerical	anger	clerical
clerical	anticipation	clerical
clerical	disgust	clerical
clerical	fear	clerical
clerical	joy	clerical
clerical	negative	clerical
clerical	positive	clerical
clerical	sadness	clerical
clerical	surprise	clerical
clerical	trust	clerical
mutter	anger	murmurar
mutter	anticipation	murmurar
mutter	disgust	murmurar
mutter	fear	murmurar
mutter	joy	murmurar
mutter	negative	murmurar
mutter	positive	murmurar
mutter	sadness	murmurar
mutter	surprise	murmurar
mutter	trust	murmurar
entertaining	anger	entreteniendo
entertaining	anticipation	entreteniendo
entertaining	disgust	entreteniendo
entertaining	fear	entreteniendo
entertaining	joy	entreteniendo
entertaining	negative	entreteniendo
entertaining	positive	entreteniendo
entertaining	sadness	entreteniendo
entertaining	surprise	entreteniendo
entertaining	trust	entreteniendo
betterment	anger	betterment
betterment	anticipation	betterment
betterment	disgust	betterment
betterment	fear	betterment
betterment	joy	betterment
betterment	negative	betterment
betterment	positive	betterment
betterment	sadness	betterment
betterment	surprise	betterment
betterment	trust	betterment
dark	anger	oscuro
dark	anticipation	oscuro
dark	disgust	oscuro
dark	fear	oscuro
dark	joy	oscuro
dark	negative	oscuro
dark	positive	oscuro
dark	sadness	diario
dark	surprise	de diario
dark	trust	oscuro
diary	anger	oscuro
diary	anticipation	oscuro
diary	disgust	diario
diary	fear	de diario
diary	joy	de diario
diary	negative	de diario
diary	positive	diario
diary	sadness	de diario
diary	surprise	de diario
diary	trust	de diario
cote	anger	cote
cote	anticipation	cote
cote	disgust	cote
cote	fear	cote
cote	joy	cote
cote	negative	cote
cote	positive	cote
cote	sadness	cote
cote	surprise	cote
cote	trust	cote
thirteen	anger	trece
thirteen	anticipation	trece
thirteen	disgust	trece
thirteen	fear	trece
thirteen	joy	trece
thirteen	negative	trece
thirteen	positive	trece
thirteen	sadness	trece
thirteen	surprise	trece
thirteen	trust	trece
tabulation	anger	tabulación
tabulation	anticipation	tabulación
tabulation	disgust	de tabulación
tabulation	fear	de tabulación
tabulation	joy	de tabulación
tabulation	negative	tabulación
tabulation	positive	de tabulación
tabulation	sadness	de tabulación
tabulation	surprise	de tabulación
tabulation	trust	tabulación
spencer	anger	spencer
spencer	anticipation	spencer
spencer	disgust	spencer
spencer	fear	spencer
spencer	joy	spencer
spencer	negative	spencer
spencer	positive	spencer
spencer	sadness	spencer
spencer	surprise	spencer
spencer	trust	spencer
harmonics	anger	harmonics
harmonics	anticipation	harmonics
harmonics	disgust	harmonics
harmonics	fear	harmonics
harmonics	joy	harmonics
harmonics	negative	harmonics
harmonics	positive	harmonics
harmonics	sadness	harmonics
harmonics	surprise	harmonics
harmonics	trust	harmonics
spurious	anger	spurious
spurious	anticipation	spurious
spurious	disgust	spurious
spurious	fear	spurious
spurious	joy	spurious
spurious	negative	spurious
spurious	positive	spurious
spurious	sadness	spurious
spurious	surprise	spurious
spurious	trust	spurious
mocking	anger	mocking
mocking	anticipation	mocking
mocking	disgust	mocking
mocking	fear	mocking
mocking	joy	mocking
mocking	negative	mocking
mocking	positive	mocking
mocking	sadness	mocking
mocking	surprise	mocking
mocking	trust	mocking
touchy	anger	touchy
touchy	anticipation	touchy
touchy	disgust	touchy
touchy	fear	touchy
touchy	joy	touchy
touchy	negative	touchy
touchy	positive	touchy
touchy	sadness	touchy
touchy	surprise	touchy
touchy	trust	touchy
remaining	anger	restante
remaining	anticipation	restante
remaining	disgust	restante
remaining	fear	restante
remaining	joy	restante
remaining	negative	restante
remaining	positive	restante
remaining	sadness	antepasado
remaining	surprise	de antepasado
remaining	trust	restante
ancestor	anger	restante
ancestor	anticipation	restante
ancestor	disgust	antepasado
ancestor	fear	de antepasado
ancestor	joy	de antepasado
ancestor	negative	de antepasado
ancestor	positive	antepasado
ancestor	sadness	de antepasado
ancestor	surprise	de antepasado
ancestor	trust	de antepasado
crap	anger	caga
crap	anticipation	cagar
crap	disgust	cagar
crap	fear	cagar
crap	joy	cagar
crap	negative	cagar
crap	positive	cagar
crap	sadness	cagar
crap	surprise	cagar
crap	trust	cagar
jubilant	anger	jubilant
jubilant	anticipation	jubilant
jubilant	disgust	jubilant
jubilant	fear	jubilant
jubilant	joy	jubilant
jubilant	negative	jubilant
jubilant	positive	jubilant
jubilant	sadness	jubilant
jubilant	surprise	jubilant
jubilant	trust	jubilant
subpoena	anger	subpoena
subpoena	anticipation	subpoena
subpoena	disgust	subpoena
subpoena	fear	subpoena
subpoena	joy	subpoena
subpoena	negative	subpoena
subpoena	positive	subpoena
subpoena	sadness	subpoena
subpoena	surprise	subpoena
subpoena	trust	subpoena
representative	anger	representativo
representative	anticipation	representativo
representative	disgust	representativo
representative	fear	representativo
representative	joy	representativo
representative	negative	representativo
representative	positive	representativo
representative	sadness	representativo
representative	surprise	representativo
representative	trust	representativo
hankering	anger	hankering
hankering	anticipation	hankering
hankering	disgust	hankering
hankering	fear	hankering
hankering	joy	hankering
hankering	negative	hankering
hankering	positive	hankering
hankering	sadness	hankering
hankering	surprise	hankering
hankering	trust	hankering
tithe	anger	tithe
tithe	anticipation	tithe
tithe	disgust	tithe
tithe	fear	tithe
tithe	joy	tithe
tithe	negative	tithe
tithe	positive	tithe
tithe	sadness	tithe
tithe	surprise	tithe
tithe	trust	tithe
german	anger	german
german	anticipation	german
german	disgust	german
german	fear	german
german	joy	german
german	negative	german
german	positive	german
german	sadness	german
german	surprise	german
german	trust	german
indignant	anger	indignado
indignant	anticipation	indignado
indignant	disgust	indignado
indignant	fear	indignado
indignant	joy	indignado
indignant	negative	indignado
indignant	positive	indignado
indignant	sadness	brutalidad
indignant	surprise	de brutalidad
indignant	trust	indignada
brutality	anger	indignada
brutality	anticipation	indignada
brutality	disgust	brutalidad
brutality	fear	de brutalidad
brutality	joy	de brutalidad
brutality	negative	de brutalidad
brutality	positive	brutalidad
brutality	sadness	de brutalidad
brutality	surprise	de brutalidad
brutality	trust	de brutalidad
charger	anger	charger
charger	anticipation	charger
charger	disgust	charger
charger	fear	charger
charger	joy	charger
charger	negative	charger
charger	positive	charger
charger	sadness	charger
charger	surprise	charger
charger	trust	charger
inspiration	anger	inspiración
inspiration	anticipation	de inspiración
inspiration	disgust	de inspiración
inspiration	fear	de inspiración
inspiration	joy	inspiración
inspiration	negative	de inspiración
inspiration	positive	de inspiración
inspiration	sadness	de inspiración
inspiration	surprise	inspiración
inspiration	trust	de inspiración que
dreaming	anger	sueña
dreaming	anticipation	soñando
dreaming	disgust	soñando
dreaming	fear	soñando
dreaming	joy	soñando
dreaming	negative	soñando
dreaming	positive	soñando
dreaming	sadness	soñando
dreaming	surprise	soñando
dreaming	trust	soñando
exempt	anger	exime
exempt	anticipation	eximir
exempt	disgust	eximir
exempt	fear	eximir
exempt	joy	eximir
exempt	negative	eximir
exempt	positive	eximir
exempt	sadness	eximir
exempt	surprise	eximir
exempt	trust	eximir
sonnet	anger	soneto
sonnet	anticipation	de soneto
sonnet	disgust	de soneto
sonnet	fear	de soneto
sonnet	joy	soneto
sonnet	negative	de soneto
sonnet	positive	de soneto
sonnet	sadness	de soneto
sonnet	surprise	soneto
sonnet	trust	de soneto
jabber	anger	jabber
jabber	anticipation	jabber
jabber	disgust	jabber
jabber	fear	jabber
jabber	joy	jabber
jabber	negative	jabber
jabber	positive	jabber
jabber	sadness	jabber
jabber	surprise	jabber
jabber	trust	jabber
pensive	anger	pensive
pensive	anticipation	pensive
pensive	disgust	pensive
pensive	fear	pensive
pensive	joy	pensive
pensive	negative	pensive
pensive	positive	pensive
pensive	sadness	pensive
pensive	surprise	pensive
pensive	trust	pensive
uncritical	anger	uncritical
uncritical	anticipation	uncritical
uncritical	disgust	uncritical
uncritical	fear	uncritical
uncritical	joy	uncritical
uncritical	negative	uncritical
uncritical	positive	uncritical
uncritical	sadness	uncritical
uncritical	surprise	uncritical
uncritical	trust	uncritical
spatula	anger	spatula
spatula	anticipation	spatula
spatula	disgust	spatula
spatula	fear	spatula
spatula	joy	spatula
spatula	negative	spatula
spatula	positive	spatula
spatula	sadness	spatula
spatula	surprise	spatula
spatula	trust	spatula
sanctification	anger	sanctification
sanctification	anticipation	sanctification
sanctification	disgust	sanctification
sanctification	fear	sanctification
sanctification	joy	sanctification
sanctification	negative	sanctification
sanctification	positive	sanctification
sanctification	sadness	sanctification
sanctification	surprise	sanctification
sanctification	trust	sanctification
empathy	anger	empatía
empathy	anticipation	de empatía
empathy	disgust	de empatía
empathy	fear	de empatía
empathy	joy	empatía
empathy	negative	de empatía
empathy	positive	de empatía
empathy	sadness	de empatía
empathy	surprise	empatía
empathy	trust	de empatía que
yawning	anger	bosteza
yawning	anticipation	bostezando
yawning	disgust	bostezando
yawning	fear	bostezando
yawning	joy	bostezando
yawning	negative	bostezando
yawning	positive	bostezando
yawning	sadness	bostezando
yawning	surprise	bostezando
yawning	trust	bostezando
physiology	anger	fisiología
physiology	anticipation	de fisiología
physiology	disgust	de fisiología
physiology	fear	de fisiología
physiology	joy	fisiología
physiology	negative	de fisiología
physiology	positive	de fisiología
physiology	sadness	de fisiología
physiology	surprise	fisiología
physiology	trust	de fisiología
unpaid	anger	unpaid
unpaid	anticipation	unpaid
unpaid	disgust	unpaid
unpaid	fear	unpaid
unpaid	joy	unpaid
unpaid	negative	unpaid
unpaid	positive	unpaid
unpaid	sadness	unpaid
unpaid	surprise	unpaid
unpaid	trust	unpaid
patient	anger	paciente
patient	anticipation	paciente
patient	disgust	paciente
patient	fear	paciente
patient	joy	paciente
patient	negative	paciente
patient	positive	paciente
patient	sadness	distorsión
patient	surprise	de distorsión
patient	trust	paciente
distortion	anger	paciente
distortion	anticipation	paciente
distortion	disgust	distorsión
distortion	fear	de distorsión
distortion	joy	de distorsión
distortion	negative	de distorsión
distortion	positive	distorsión
distortion	sadness	de distorsión
distortion	surprise	de distorsión
distortion	trust	de distorsión
possibility	anger	posibilidad
possibility	anticipation	de posibilidad
possibility	disgust	de posibilidad
possibility	fear	de posibilidad
possibility	joy	posibilidad
possibility	negative	de posibilidad
possibility	positive	de posibilidad
possibility	sadness	de posibilidad
possibility	surprise	armario
possibility	trust	de armario
cupboard	anger	de posibilidad
cupboard	anticipation	de posibilidad
cupboard	disgust	armario
cupboard	fear	de armario
cupboard	joy	de armario
cupboard	negative	de armario
cupboard	positive	armario
cupboard	sadness	de armario
cupboard	surprise	de armario
cupboard	trust	de armario
outset	anger	principio
outset	anticipation	de principio
outset	disgust	de principio
outset	fear	de principio
outset	joy	principio
outset	negative	de principio
outset	positive	de principio
outset	sadness	de principio
outset	surprise	principio
outset	trust	de principio
holiness	anger	holiness
holiness	anticipation	holiness
holiness	disgust	holiness
holiness	fear	holiness
holiness	joy	holiness
holiness	negative	holiness
holiness	positive	holiness
holiness	sadness	holiness
holiness	surprise	holiness
holiness	trust	holiness
prerogative	anger	prerrogativa
prerogative	anticipation	de prerrogativa
prerogative	disgust	de prerrogativa
prerogative	fear	de prerrogativa
prerogative	joy	prerrogativa
prerogative	negative	de prerrogativa
prerogative	positive	de prerrogativa
prerogative	sadness	de prerrogativa
prerogative	surprise	linterna
prerogative	trust	de linterna
flashlight	anger	de prerrogativa
flashlight	anticipation	de prerrogativa
flashlight	disgust	linterna
flashlight	fear	de linterna
flashlight	joy	de linterna
flashlight	negative	de linterna
flashlight	positive	linterna
flashlight	sadness	de linterna
flashlight	surprise	de linterna
flashlight	trust	de linterna
match	anger	partido
match	anticipation	de partido
match	disgust	de partido
match	fear	de partido
match	joy	partido
match	negative	de partido
match	positive	de partido
match	sadness	de partido
match	surprise	partido
match	trust	de partido
suspicious	anger	sospechoso
suspicious	anticipation	sospechoso
suspicious	disgust	sospechoso
suspicious	fear	sospechoso
suspicious	joy	sospechoso
suspicious	negative	sospechoso
suspicious	positive	sospechoso
suspicious	sadness	sospechoso
suspicious	surprise	sospechoso
suspicious	trust	sospechoso
puzzled	anger	puzzled
puzzled	anticipation	puzzled
puzzled	disgust	puzzled
puzzled	fear	puzzled
puzzled	joy	puzzled
puzzled	negative	puzzled
puzzled	positive	puzzled
puzzled	sadness	puzzled
puzzled	surprise	puzzled
puzzled	trust	puzzled
gymnast	anger	gymnast
gymnast	anticipation	gymnast
gymnast	disgust	gymnast
gymnast	fear	gymnast
gymnast	joy	gymnast
gymnast	negative	gymnast
gymnast	positive	gymnast
gymnast	sadness	gymnast
gymnast	surprise	gymnast
gymnast	trust	gymnast
spiritual	anger	espiritual
spiritual	anticipation	espiritual
spiritual	disgust	espiritual
spiritual	fear	espiritual
spiritual	joy	espiritual
spiritual	negative	espiritual
spiritual	positive	espiritual
spiritual	sadness	espiritual
spiritual	surprise	espiritual
spiritual	trust	espiritual
recoup	anger	recoup
recoup	anticipation	recoup
recoup	disgust	recoup
recoup	fear	recoup
recoup	joy	recoup
recoup	negative	recoup
recoup	positive	recoup
recoup	sadness	recoup
recoup	surprise	recoup
recoup	trust	recoup
surrogate	anger	surrogate
surrogate	anticipation	surrogate
surrogate	disgust	surrogate
surrogate	fear	surrogate
surrogate	joy	surrogate
surrogate	negative	surrogate
surrogate	positive	surrogate
surrogate	sadness	surrogate
surrogate	surprise	surrogate
surrogate	trust	surrogate
reconciliation	anger	reconciliación
reconciliation	anticipation	de reconciliación
reconciliation	disgust	de reconciliación
reconciliation	fear	de reconciliación
reconciliation	joy	reconciliación
reconciliation	negative	de reconciliación
reconciliation	positive	de reconciliación
reconciliation	sadness	de reconciliación
reconciliation	surprise	reconciliación
reconciliation	trust	de reconciliación
fluvial	anger	fluvial
fluvial	anticipation	fluvial
fluvial	disgust	fluvial
fluvial	fear	fluvial
fluvial	joy	fluvial
fluvial	negative	fluvial
fluvial	positive	fluvial
fluvial	sadness	fluvial
fluvial	surprise	fluvial
fluvial	trust	fluvial
menial	anger	menial
menial	anticipation	menial
menial	disgust	menial
menial	fear	menial
menial	joy	menial
menial	negative	menial
menial	positive	menial
menial	sadness	menial
menial	surprise	menial
menial	trust	menial
baseless	anger	baseless
baseless	anticipation	baseless
baseless	disgust	baseless
baseless	fear	baseless
baseless	joy	baseless
baseless	negative	baseless
baseless	positive	baseless
baseless	sadness	baseless
baseless	surprise	baseless
baseless	trust	baseless
mister	anger	mister
mister	anticipation	mister
mister	disgust	mister
mister	fear	mister
mister	joy	mister
mister	negative	mister
mister	positive	mister
mister	sadness	mister
mister	surprise	mister
mister	trust	mister
callous	anger	callous
callous	anticipation	callous
callous	disgust	callous
callous	fear	callous
callous	joy	callous
callous	negative	callous
callous	positive	callous
callous	sadness	callous
callous	surprise	callous
callous	trust	callous
riding	anger	equitación
riding	anticipation	de equitación
riding	disgust	de equitación
riding	fear	de equitación
riding	joy	equitación
riding	negative	de equitación
riding	positive	de equitación
riding	sadness	de equitación
riding	surprise	la equitación que
riding	trust	monta
effusion	anger	effusion
effusion	anticipation	effusion
effusion	disgust	effusion
effusion	fear	effusion
effusion	joy	effusion
effusion	negative	effusion
effusion	positive	effusion
effusion	sadness	effusion
effusion	surprise	effusion
effusion	trust	effusion
angular	anger	angular
angular	anticipation	angular
angular	disgust	angular
angular	fear	angular
angular	joy	angular
angular	negative	angular
angular	positive	angular
angular	sadness	angular
angular	surprise	angular
angular	trust	angular
discouraged	anger	desanimado
discouraged	anticipation	desanimado
discouraged	disgust	desanimado
discouraged	fear	desanimado
discouraged	joy	desanimado
discouraged	negative	desanimado
discouraged	positive	desanimado
discouraged	sadness	desanimado
discouraged	surprise	desanimado
discouraged	trust	desanimado
revulsion	anger	revulsion
revulsion	anticipation	revulsion
revulsion	disgust	revulsion
revulsion	fear	revulsion
revulsion	joy	revulsion
revulsion	negative	revulsion
revulsion	positive	revulsion
revulsion	sadness	revulsion
revulsion	surprise	revulsion
revulsion	trust	revulsion
rousing	anger	rousing
rousing	anticipation	rousing
rousing	disgust	rousing
rousing	fear	rousing
rousing	joy	rousing
rousing	negative	rousing
rousing	positive	rousing
rousing	sadness	rousing
rousing	surprise	rousing
rousing	trust	rousing
climb	anger	subir
climb	anticipation	subir
climb	disgust	subir
climb	fear	subir
climb	joy	subir
climb	negative	subir
climb	positive	subir
climb	sadness	subir
climb	surprise	subir
climb	trust	subir
noticeable	anger	noticeable
noticeable	anticipation	noticeable
noticeable	disgust	noticeable
noticeable	fear	noticeable
noticeable	joy	noticeable
noticeable	negative	noticeable
noticeable	positive	noticeable
noticeable	sadness	noticeable
noticeable	surprise	noticeable
noticeable	trust	noticeable
bloody	anger	sangriento
bloody	anticipation	sangriento
bloody	disgust	sangriento
bloody	fear	sangriento
bloody	joy	sangriento
bloody	negative	sangriento
bloody	positive	sangriento
bloody	sadness	sangriento
bloody	surprise	sangriento
bloody	trust	sangriento
dilapidated	anger	ruinoso
dilapidated	anticipation	ruinoso
dilapidated	disgust	ruinoso
dilapidated	fear	ruinoso
dilapidated	joy	ruinoso
dilapidated	negative	ruinoso
dilapidated	positive	ruinoso
dilapidated	sadness	composición
dilapidated	surprise	de composición
dilapidated	trust	ruinosa
composition	anger	ruinosa
composition	anticipation	ruinosa
composition	disgust	composición
composition	fear	de composición
composition	joy	de composición
composition	negative	de composición
composition	positive	composición
composition	sadness	de composición
composition	surprise	de composición
composition	trust	de composición
jackass	anger	jackass
jackass	anticipation	jackass
jackass	disgust	jackass
jackass	fear	jackass
jackass	joy	jackass
jackass	negative	jackass
jackass	positive	jackass
jackass	sadness	jackass
jackass	surprise	jackass
jackass	trust	jackass
powdered	anger	pulverizó
powdered	anticipation	pulverizado
powdered	disgust	pulverizó
powdered	fear	pulverizado
powdered	joy	pulverizó
powdered	negative	pulverizado
powdered	positive	pulverizó
powdered	sadness	pulverizado
powdered	surprise	pulverizó
powdered	trust	pulverizado
stubby	anger	stubby
stubby	anticipation	stubby
stubby	disgust	stubby
stubby	fear	stubby
stubby	joy	stubby
stubby	negative	stubby
stubby	positive	stubby
stubby	sadness	stubby
stubby	surprise	stubby
stubby	trust	stubby
counterpart	anger	counterpart
counterpart	anticipation	counterpart
counterpart	disgust	counterpart
counterpart	fear	counterpart
counterpart	joy	counterpart
counterpart	negative	counterpart
counterpart	positive	counterpart
counterpart	sadness	counterpart
counterpart	surprise	counterpart
counterpart	trust	counterpart
entitle	anger	titular
entitle	anticipation	titular
entitle	disgust	titular
entitle	fear	titular
entitle	joy	titular
entitle	negative	titular
entitle	positive	titular
entitle	sadness	titular
entitle	surprise	titular
entitle	trust	titular
variety	anger	variedad
variety	anticipation	de variedad
variety	disgust	de variedad
variety	fear	de variedad
variety	joy	variedad
variety	negative	de variedad
variety	positive	de variedad
variety	sadness	de variedad
variety	surprise	variedad
variety	trust	de variedad
evangelical	anger	evangelical
evangelical	anticipation	evangelical
evangelical	disgust	evangelical
evangelical	fear	evangelical
evangelical	joy	evangelical
evangelical	negative	evangelical
evangelical	positive	evangelical
evangelical	sadness	evangelical
evangelical	surprise	evangelical
evangelical	trust	evangelical
account	anger	cuenta
account	anticipation	de cuenta
account	disgust	de cuenta
account	fear	de cuenta
account	joy	cuenta
account	negative	de cuenta
account	positive	de cuenta
account	sadness	de cuenta
account	surprise	elipsoide
account	trust	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	anger	de cuenta
ellipsoid	anticipation	de cuenta
ellipsoid	disgust	elipsoide
ellipsoid	fear	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	joy	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	negative	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	positive	elipsoide
ellipsoid	sadness	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	surprise	de elipsoide
ellipsoid	trust	de elipsoide
compendium	anger	compendium
compendium	anticipation	compendium
compendium	disgust	compendium
compendium	fear	compendium
compendium	joy	compendium
compendium	negative	compendium
compendium	positive	compendium
compendium	sadness	compendium
compendium	surprise	compendium
compendium	trust	compendium
monsoon	anger	monzón
monsoon	anticipation	de monzón
monsoon	disgust	de monzón
monsoon	fear	de monzón
monsoon	joy	monzón
monsoon	negative	de monzón
monsoon	positive	de monzón
monsoon	sadness	de monzón
monsoon	surprise	burbuja
monsoon	trust	de burbuja
bubble	anger	de monzón
bubble	anticipation	de monzón
bubble	disgust	burbuja
bubble	fear	de burbuja
bubble	joy	de burbuja
bubble	negative	de burbuja
bubble	positive	burbuja
bubble	sadness	de burbuja
bubble	surprise	de burbuja
bubble	trust	de burbuja
gash	anger	gash
gash	anticipation	gash
gash	disgust	gash
gash	fear	gash
gash	joy	gash
gash	negative	gash
gash	positive	gash
gash	sadness	gash
gash	surprise	gash
gash	trust	gash
visionary	anger	visionary
visionary	anticipation	visionary
visionary	disgust	visionary
visionary	fear	visionary
visionary	joy	visionary
visionary	negative	visionary
visionary	positive	visionary
visionary	sadness	visionary
visionary	surprise	visionary
visionary	trust	visionary
switch	anger	cambio
switch	anticipation	de cambio
switch	disgust	de cambio
switch	fear	de cambio
switch	joy	cambio
switch	negative	de cambio
switch	positive	de cambio
switch	sadness	de cambio
switch	surprise	cambio
switch	trust	de cambio
roving	anger	ambulante
roving	anticipation	ambulante
roving	disgust	ambulante
roving	fear	ambulante
roving	joy	ambulante
roving	negative	ambulante
roving	positive	ambulante
roving	sadness	ambulante
roving	surprise	ambulante
roving	trust	ambulante
enlargement	anger	enlargement
enlargement	anticipation	enlargement
enlargement	disgust	enlargement
enlargement	fear	enlargement
enlargement	joy	enlargement
enlargement	negative	enlargement
enlargement	positive	enlargement
enlargement	sadness	enlargement
enlargement	surprise	enlargement
enlargement	trust	enlargement
dissociation	anger	disociación
dissociation	anticipation	de disociación
dissociation	disgust	de disociación
dissociation	fear	de disociación
dissociation	joy	disociación
dissociation	negative	de disociación
dissociation	positive	de disociación
dissociation	sadness	de disociación
dissociation	surprise	implosión
dissociation	trust	de implosión
implosion	anger	de disociación
implosion	anticipation	de disociación
implosion	disgust	implosión
implosion	fear	de implosión
implosion	joy	de implosión
implosion	negative	de implosión
implosion	positive	implosión
implosion	sadness	de implosión
implosion	surprise	de implosión
implosion	trust	de implosión
reservation	anger	reserva
reservation	anticipation	de reserva
reservation	disgust	de reserva
reservation	fear	de reserva
reservation	joy	reserva
reservation	negative	de reserva
reservation	positive	de reserva
reservation	sadness	de reserva
reservation	surprise	reserva
reservation	trust	de reserva
incendiary	anger	incendiaria
incendiary	anticipation	incendiario
incendiary	disgust	incendiario
incendiary	fear	incendiario
incendiary	joy	incendiario
incendiary	negative	incendiario
incendiary	positive	incendiario
incendiary	sadness	incendiario
incendiary	surprise	incendiario
incendiary	trust	incendiario
secularism	anger	secularism
secularism	anticipation	secularism
secularism	disgust	secularism
secularism	fear	secularism
secularism	joy	secularism
secularism	negative	secularism
secularism	positive	secularism
secularism	sadness	secularism
secularism	surprise	secularism
secularism	trust	secularism
inference	anger	inferencia
inference	anticipation	de inferencia
inference	disgust	de inferencia
inference	fear	de inferencia
inference	joy	inferencia
inference	negative	de inferencia
inference	positive	de inferencia
inference	sadness	de inferencia
inference	surprise	inferencia
inference	trust	de inferencia
phantom	anger	phantom
phantom	anticipation	phantom
phantom	disgust	phantom
phantom	fear	phantom
phantom	joy	phantom
phantom	negative	phantom
phantom	positive	phantom
phantom	sadness	phantom
phantom	surprise	phantom
phantom	trust	phantom
diplomacy	anger	diplomacia
diplomacy	anticipation	de diplomacia
diplomacy	disgust	de diplomacia
diplomacy	fear	de diplomacia
diplomacy	joy	diplomacia
diplomacy	negative	de diplomacia
diplomacy	positive	de diplomacia
diplomacy	sadness	de diplomacia
diplomacy	surprise	diplomacia
diplomacy	trust	de diplomacia
lotto	anger	lotto
lotto	anticipation	lotto
lotto	disgust	lotto
lotto	fear	lotto
lotto	joy	lotto
lotto	negative	lotto
lotto	positive	lotto
lotto	sadness	lotto
lotto	surprise	lotto
lotto	trust	lotto
secluded	anger	secluded
secluded	anticipation	secluded
secluded	disgust	secluded
secluded	fear	secluded
secluded	joy	secluded
secluded	negative	secluded
secluded	positive	secluded
secluded	sadness	secluded
secluded	surprise	secluded
secluded	trust	secluded
puncture	anger	pinchadura
puncture	anticipation	de pinchadura
puncture	disgust	de pinchadura
puncture	fear	de pinchadura
puncture	joy	pinchadura
puncture	negative	de pinchadura
puncture	positive	de pinchadura
puncture	sadness	de pinchadura
puncture	surprise	pinchadura
puncture	trust	de pinchadura
asunder	anger	asunder
asunder	anticipation	asunder
asunder	disgust	asunder
asunder	fear	asunder
asunder	joy	asunder
asunder	negative	asunder
asunder	positive	asunder
asunder	sadness	asunder
asunder	surprise	asunder
asunder	trust	asunder
tufted	anger	tufted
tufted	anticipation	tufted
tufted	disgust	tufted
tufted	fear	tufted
tufted	joy	tufted
tufted	negative	tufted
tufted	positive	tufted
tufted	sadness	tufted
tufted	surprise	tufted
tufted	trust	tufted
consecration	anger	consagración
consecration	anticipation	de consagración
consecration	disgust	de consagración
consecration	fear	de consagración
consecration	joy	consagración
consecration	negative	de consagración
consecration	positive	de consagración
consecration	sadness	de consagración
consecration	surprise	emulsión
consecration	trust	de emulsión
emulsion	anger	de consagración
emulsion	anticipation	de consagración
emulsion	disgust	emulsión
emulsion	fear	de emulsión
emulsion	joy	de emulsión
emulsion	negative	de emulsión
emulsion	positive	emulsión
emulsion	sadness	de emulsión
emulsion	surprise	de emulsión
emulsion	trust	de emulsión
gulf	anger	golfo
gulf	anticipation	de golfo
gulf	disgust	de golfo
gulf	fear	de golfo
gulf	joy	golfo
gulf	negative	de golfo
gulf	positive	de golfo
gulf	sadness	de golfo
gulf	surprise	golfo
gulf	trust	de golfo
napping	anger	napping
napping	anticipation	napping
napping	disgust	napping
napping	fear	napping
napping	joy	napping
napping	negative	napping
napping	positive	napping
napping	sadness	napping
napping	surprise	napping
napping	trust	napping
spiteful	anger	spiteful
spiteful	anticipation	spiteful
spiteful	disgust	spiteful
spiteful	fear	spiteful
spiteful	joy	spiteful
spiteful	negative	spiteful
spiteful	positive	spiteful
spiteful	sadness	spiteful
spiteful	surprise	spiteful
spiteful	trust	spiteful
rectify	anger	rectificar
rectify	anticipation	rectificar
rectify	disgust	rectificar
rectify	fear	rectificar
rectify	joy	rectificar
rectify	negative	rectificar
rectify	positive	rectificar
rectify	sadness	rectificar
rectify	surprise	rectificar
rectify	trust	rectificar
gully	anger	cauce
gully	anticipation	de cauce
gully	disgust	de cauce
gully	fear	de cauce
gully	joy	cauce
gully	negative	de cauce
gully	positive	de cauce
gully	sadness	de cauce
gully	surprise	cauce
gully	trust	de cauce
damper	anger	más húmedo
damper	anticipation	más húmedo
damper	disgust	más húmedo
damper	fear	más húmedo
damper	joy	más húmedo
damper	negative	más húmedo
damper	positive	más húmedo
damper	sadness	más húmedo
damper	surprise	más húmedo
damper	trust	más húmedo
skillful	anger	hábil
skillful	anticipation	hábil
skillful	disgust	hábil
skillful	fear	hábil
skillful	joy	hábil
skillful	negative	hábil
skillful	positive	hábil
skillful	sadness	adelanto
skillful	surprise	de adelanto
skillful	trust	hábil
advancement	anger	hábil
advancement	anticipation	hábil
advancement	disgust	adelanto
advancement	fear	de adelanto
advancement	joy	de adelanto
advancement	negative	de adelanto
advancement	positive	adelanto
advancement	sadness	de adelanto
advancement	surprise	de adelanto
advancement	trust	de adelanto
relation	anger	relación
relation	anticipation	de relación
relation	disgust	de relación
relation	fear	de relación
relation	joy	relación
relation	negative	de relación
relation	positive	de relación
relation	sadness	de relación
relation	surprise	relación
relation	trust	de relación
turtleneck	anger	turtleneck
turtleneck	anticipation	turtleneck
turtleneck	disgust	turtleneck
turtleneck	fear	turtleneck
turtleneck	joy	turtleneck
turtleneck	negative	turtleneck
turtleneck	positive	turtleneck
turtleneck	sadness	turtleneck
turtleneck	surprise	turtleneck
turtleneck	trust	turtleneck
announce	anger	anunciar
announce	anticipation	anunciar
announce	disgust	anunciar
announce	fear	anunciar
announce	joy	anunciar
announce	negative	anunciar
announce	positive	anunciar
announce	sadness	anunciar
announce	surprise	anunciar
announce	trust	anunciar
begun	anger	empezado
begun	anticipation	empezado
begun	disgust	empezado
begun	fear	empezado
begun	joy	empezado
begun	negative	empezado
begun	positive	empezado
begun	sadness	empezado
begun	surprise	empezado
begun	trust	empezado
proxy	anger	proxy
proxy	anticipation	proxy
proxy	disgust	proxy
proxy	fear	proxy
proxy	joy	proxy
proxy	negative	proxy
proxy	positive	proxy
proxy	sadness	proxy
proxy	surprise	proxy
proxy	trust	proxy
unencumbered	anger	sin trabas
unencumbered	anticipation	sin trabas
unencumbered	disgust	sin trabas
unencumbered	fear	sin trabas
unencumbered	joy	sin trabas
unencumbered	negative	sin trabas
unencumbered	positive	sin trabas
unencumbered	sadness	incertidumbre
unencumbered	surprise	de incertidumbre
unencumbered	trust	sin trabas
uncertainty	anger	sin trabas
uncertainty	anticipation	sin trabas
uncertainty	disgust	incertidumbre
uncertainty	fear	de incertidumbre
uncertainty	joy	de incertidumbre
uncertainty	negative	de incertidumbre
uncertainty	positive	incertidumbre
uncertainty	sadness	de incertidumbre
uncertainty	surprise	de incertidumbre
uncertainty	trust	de incertidumbre
inflated	anger	hinchó
inflated	anticipation	hinchada
inflated	disgust	hinchó
inflated	fear	hinchado
inflated	joy	hinchó
inflated	negative	hinchado
inflated	positive	hinchó
inflated	sadness	hinchado
inflated	surprise	hinchó
inflated	trust	filamento
filament	anger	de filamento
filament	anticipation	de filamento
filament	disgust	hinchado
filament	fear	filamento
filament	joy	de filamento
filament	negative	de filamento
filament	positive	de filamento
filament	sadness	filamento
filament	surprise	de filamento
filament	trust	del filamento
unwilling	anger	poco dispuesto
unwilling	anticipation	poco dispuesto
unwilling	disgust	poco dispuesto
unwilling	fear	poco dispuesto
unwilling	joy	poco dispuesto
unwilling	negative	poco dispuesto
unwilling	positive	poco dispuesto
unwilling	sadness	poco dispuesto
unwilling	surprise	poco dispuesto
unwilling	trust	poco dispuesto
raptors	anger	raptors
raptors	anticipation	raptors
raptors	disgust	raptors
raptors	fear	raptors
raptors	joy	raptors
raptors	negative	raptors
raptors	positive	raptors
raptors	sadness	raptors
raptors	surprise	raptors
raptors	trust	raptors
compose	anger	componer
compose	anticipation	componer
compose	disgust	componer
compose	fear	componer
compose	joy	componer
compose	negative	componer
compose	positive	componer
compose	sadness	componer
compose	surprise	componer
compose	trust	componer
approximation	anger	aproximación
approximation	anticipation	de aproximación
approximation	disgust	de aproximación
approximation	fear	de aproximación
approximation	joy	aproximación
approximation	negative	de aproximación
approximation	positive	de aproximación
approximation	sadness	de aproximación
approximation	surprise	aproximación
approximation	trust	de aproximación
ironic	anger	irónica
ironic	anticipation	irónico
ironic	disgust	irónico
ironic	fear	irónico
ironic	joy	irónico
ironic	negative	irónico
ironic	positive	irónico
ironic	sadness	irónico
ironic	surprise	irónico
ironic	trust	irónico
naught	anger	naught
naught	anticipation	naught
naught	disgust	naught
naught	fear	naught
naught	joy	naught
naught	negative	naught
naught	positive	naught
naught	sadness	naught
naught	surprise	naught
naught	trust	naught
unsteady	anger	unsteady
unsteady	anticipation	unsteady
unsteady	disgust	unsteady
unsteady	fear	unsteady
unsteady	joy	unsteady
unsteady	negative	unsteady
unsteady	positive	unsteady
unsteady	sadness	unsteady
unsteady	surprise	unsteady
unsteady	trust	unsteady
seldom	anger	raramente
seldom	anticipation	raramente
seldom	disgust	raramente
seldom	fear	raramente
seldom	joy	raramente
seldom	negative	raramente
seldom	positive	raramente
seldom	sadness	raramente
seldom	surprise	raramente
seldom	trust	raramente
score	anger	puntuación
score	anticipation	de puntuación
score	disgust	de puntuación
score	fear	de puntuación
score	joy	puntuación
score	negative	de puntuación
score	positive	de puntuación
score	sadness	de puntuación
score	surprise	farsa
score	trust	de farsa
farce	anger	de puntuación
farce	anticipation	de puntuación
farce	disgust	farsa
farce	fear	de farsa
farce	joy	de farsa
farce	negative	de farsa
farce	positive	farsa
farce	sadness	de farsa
farce	surprise	de farsa
farce	trust	de farsa
ungrateful	anger	ungrateful
ungrateful	anticipation	ungrateful
ungrateful	disgust	ungrateful
ungrateful	fear	ungrateful
ungrateful	joy	ungrateful
ungrateful	negative	ungrateful
ungrateful	positive	ungrateful
ungrateful	sadness	ungrateful
ungrateful	surprise	ungrateful
ungrateful	trust	ungrateful
poke	anger	poke
poke	anticipation	poke
poke	disgust	poke
poke	fear	poke
poke	joy	poke
poke	negative	poke
poke	positive	poke
poke	sadness	poke
poke	surprise	poke
poke	trust	poke
juridical	anger	jurídico
juridical	anticipation	jurídico
juridical	disgust	jurídico
juridical	fear	jurídico
juridical	joy	jurídico
juridical	negative	jurídico
juridical	positive	jurídico
juridical	sadness	jurídico
juridical	surprise	jurídico
juridical	trust	jurídico
shivering	anger	temblando
shivering	anticipation	temblando
shivering	disgust	temblando
shivering	fear	temblando
shivering	joy	temblando
shivering	negative	temblando
shivering	positive	temblando
shivering	sadness	temblando
shivering	surprise	temblando
shivering	trust	temblando
anthropology	anger	antropología
anthropology	anticipation	de antropología
anthropology	disgust	de antropología
anthropology	fear	de antropología
anthropology	joy	antropología
anthropology	negative	de antropología
anthropology	positive	de antropología
anthropology	sadness	de antropología
anthropology	surprise	antropología
anthropology	trust	de antropología
fiduciary	anger	fiduciaria
fiduciary	anticipation	fiduciario
fiduciary	disgust	fiduciario
fiduciary	fear	fiduciario
fiduciary	joy	fiduciario
fiduciary	negative	fiduciario
fiduciary	positive	fiduciario
fiduciary	sadness	fiduciario
fiduciary	surprise	fiduciario
fiduciary	trust	fiduciario
speedy	anger	speedy
speedy	anticipation	speedy
speedy	disgust	speedy
speedy	fear	speedy
speedy	joy	speedy
speedy	negative	speedy
speedy	positive	speedy
speedy	sadness	speedy
speedy	surprise	speedy
speedy	trust	speedy
soc	anger	soc
soc	anticipation	soc
soc	disgust	soc
soc	fear	soc
soc	joy	soc
soc	negative	soc
soc	positive	soc
soc	sadness	soc
soc	surprise	soc
soc	trust	soc
nominee	anger	candidato
nominee	anticipation	de candidato
nominee	disgust	de candidato
nominee	fear	de candidato
nominee	joy	candidato
nominee	negative	de candidato
nominee	positive	de candidato
nominee	sadness	de candidato
nominee	surprise	tos
nominee	trust	de tos
cough	anger	de candidato
cough	anticipation	de candidato
cough	disgust	tos
cough	fear	de tos
cough	joy	de tos
cough	negative	de tos
cough	positive	tos
cough	sadness	de tos
cough	surprise	de tos
cough	trust	de tos
parole	anger	parole
parole	anticipation	parole
parole	disgust	parole
parole	fear	parole
parole	joy	parole
parole	negative	parole
parole	positive	parole
parole	sadness	parole
parole	surprise	parole
parole	trust	parole
outdoor	anger	exterior
outdoor	anticipation	exterior
outdoor	disgust	exterior
outdoor	fear	exterior
outdoor	joy	exterior
outdoor	negative	exterior
outdoor	positive	exterior
outdoor	sadness	exterior
outdoor	surprise	exterior
outdoor	trust	exterior
emeritus	anger	emeritus
emeritus	anticipation	emeritus
emeritus	disgust	emeritus
emeritus	fear	emeritus
emeritus	joy	emeritus
emeritus	negative	emeritus
emeritus	positive	emeritus
emeritus	sadness	emeritus
emeritus	surprise	emeritus
emeritus	trust	emeritus
seaman	anger	seaman
seaman	anticipation	seaman
seaman	disgust	seaman
seaman	fear	seaman
seaman	joy	seaman
seaman	negative	seaman
seaman	positive	seaman
seaman	sadness	seaman
seaman	surprise	seaman
seaman	trust	seaman
armament	anger	armamento
armament	anticipation	de armamento
armament	disgust	de armamento
armament	fear	de armamento
armament	joy	armamento
armament	negative	de armamento
armament	positive	de armamento
armament	sadness	de armamento
armament	surprise	armamento
armament	trust	de armamento
dissipate	anger	disipa
dissipate	anticipation	disipar
dissipate	disgust	disipar
dissipate	fear	disipar
dissipate	joy	disipar
dissipate	negative	disipar
dissipate	positive	disipar
dissipate	sadness	disipar
dissipate	surprise	disipar
dissipate	trust	disipar
stiff	anger	rígido
stiff	anticipation	rígido
stiff	disgust	rígido
stiff	fear	rígido
stiff	joy	rígido
stiff	negative	rígido
stiff	positive	rígido
stiff	sadness	rígido
stiff	surprise	rígido
stiff	trust	rígido
astray	anger	astray
astray	anticipation	astray
astray	disgust	astray
astray	fear	astray
astray	joy	astray
astray	negative	astray
astray	positive	astray
astray	sadness	astray
astray	surprise	astray
astray	trust	astray
testimonial	anger	testimonial
testimonial	anticipation	testimonial
testimonial	disgust	testimonial
testimonial	fear	testimonial
testimonial	joy	testimonial
testimonial	negative	testimonial
testimonial	positive	testimonial
testimonial	sadness	testimonial
testimonial	surprise	testimonial
testimonial	trust	testimonial
wise	anger	sensato
wise	anticipation	sensato
wise	disgust	sensato
wise	fear	sensato
wise	joy	sensato
wise	negative	sensato
wise	positive	sensato
wise	sadness	sensato
wise	surprise	sensato
wise	trust	sensato
trickery	anger	trickery
trickery	anticipation	trickery
trickery	disgust	trickery
trickery	fear	trickery
trickery	joy	trickery
trickery	negative	trickery
trickery	positive	trickery
trickery	sadness	trickery
trickery	surprise	trickery
trickery	trust	trickery
lighthouse	anger	lighthouse
lighthouse	anticipation	lighthouse
lighthouse	disgust	lighthouse
lighthouse	fear	lighthouse
lighthouse	joy	lighthouse
lighthouse	negative	lighthouse
lighthouse	positive	lighthouse
lighthouse	sadness	lighthouse
lighthouse	surprise	lighthouse
lighthouse	trust	lighthouse
torment	anger	turmento
torment	anticipation	de turmento
torment	disgust	de turmento
torment	fear	de turmento
torment	joy	turmento
torment	negative	de turmento
torment	positive	de turmento
torment	sadness	de turmento
torment	surprise	turmento
torment	trust	de turmento que
clearing	anger	aclara
clearing	anticipation	aclarando
clearing	disgust	aclarando
clearing	fear	aclarando
clearing	joy	aclarando
clearing	negative	aclarando
clearing	positive	aclarando
clearing	sadness	aclarando
clearing	surprise	aclarando
clearing	trust	aclarando
rod	anger	varilla
rod	anticipation	de varilla
rod	disgust	de varilla
rod	fear	de varilla
rod	joy	varilla
rod	negative	de varilla
rod	positive	de varilla
rod	sadness	de varilla
rod	surprise	percusión
rod	trust	de percusión
percussion	anger	de varilla
percussion	anticipation	de varilla
percussion	disgust	percusión
percussion	fear	de percusión
percussion	joy	de percusión
percussion	negative	de percusión
percussion	positive	percusión
percussion	sadness	de percusión
percussion	surprise	de percusión
percussion	trust	de percusión
meow	anger	meow
meow	anticipation	meow
meow	disgust	meow
meow	fear	meow
meow	joy	meow
meow	negative	meow
meow	positive	meow
meow	sadness	meow
meow	surprise	meow
meow	trust	meow
peculiarities	anger	peculiaridades
peculiarities	anticipation	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	disgust	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	fear	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	joy	peculiaridades
peculiarities	negative	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	positive	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	sadness	de peculiaridades
peculiarities	surprise	peculiaridades
peculiarities	trust	de peculiaridades
canoe	anger	canoe
canoe	anticipation	canoe
canoe	disgust	canoe
canoe	fear	canoe
canoe	joy	canoe
canoe	negative	canoe
canoe	positive	canoe
canoe	sadness	canoe
canoe	surprise	canoe
canoe	trust	canoe
quiescent	anger	quiescent
quiescent	anticipation	quiescent
quiescent	disgust	quiescent
quiescent	fear	quiescent
quiescent	joy	quiescent
quiescent	negative	quiescent
quiescent	positive	quiescent
quiescent	sadness	quiescent
quiescent	surprise	quiescent
quiescent	trust	quiescent
compel	anger	obligar
compel	anticipation	obligar
compel	disgust	obligar
compel	fear	obligar
compel	joy	obligar
compel	negative	obligar
compel	positive	obligar
compel	sadness	obligar
compel	surprise	obligar
compel	trust	obligar
venerable	anger	venerable
venerable	anticipation	venerable
venerable	disgust	venerable
venerable	fear	venerable
venerable	joy	venerable
venerable	negative	venerable
venerable	positive	venerable
venerable	sadness	venerable
venerable	surprise	venerable
venerable	trust	venerable
delightful	anger	delicioso
delightful	anticipation	delicioso
delightful	disgust	delicioso
delightful	fear	delicioso
delightful	joy	delicioso
delightful	negative	delicioso
delightful	positive	delicioso
delightful	sadness	delicioso
delightful	surprise	delicioso
delightful	trust	delicioso
fourfold	anger	fourfold
fourfold	anticipation	fourfold
fourfold	disgust	fourfold
fourfold	fear	fourfold
fourfold	joy	fourfold
fourfold	negative	fourfold
fourfold	positive	fourfold
fourfold	sadness	fourfold
fourfold	surprise	fourfold
fourfold	trust	fourfold
tuning	anger	sintonía
tuning	anticipation	de sintonía
tuning	disgust	de sintonía
tuning	fear	de sintonía
tuning	joy	sintonía
tuning	negative	de sintonía
tuning	positive	de sintonía
tuning	sadness	de sintonía
tuning	surprise	alcohol
tuning	trust	de alcohol
alcohol	anger	de sintonía
alcohol	anticipation	de sintonía
alcohol	disgust	alcohol
alcohol	fear	de alcohol
alcohol	joy	de alcohol
alcohol	negative	de alcohol
alcohol	positive	alcohol
alcohol	sadness	de alcohol
alcohol	surprise	de alcohol
alcohol	trust	de alcohol
contemptible	anger	despreciable
contemptible	anticipation	despreciable
contemptible	disgust	despreciable
contemptible	fear	despreciable
contemptible	joy	despreciable
contemptible	negative	despreciable
contemptible	positive	despreciable
contemptible	sadness	despreciable
contemptible	surprise	despreciable
contemptible	trust	despreciable
snag	anger	snag
snag	anticipation	snag
snag	disgust	snag
snag	fear	snag
snag	joy	snag
snag	negative	snag
snag	positive	snag
snag	sadness	snag
snag	surprise	snag
snag	trust	snag
override	anger	override
override	anticipation	override
override	disgust	override
override	fear	override
override	joy	override
override	negative	override
override	positive	override
override	sadness	override
override	surprise	override
override	trust	override
hydrocephalus	anger	hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	anticipation	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	disgust	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	fear	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	joy	hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	negative	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	positive	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	sadness	de hidrocefalia
hydrocephalus	surprise	epílogo
hydrocephalus	trust	de epílogo
epilogue	anger	de hidrocefalia
epilogue	anticipation	de hidrocefalia
epilogue	disgust	epílogo
epilogue	fear	de epílogo
epilogue	joy	de epílogo
epilogue	negative	de epílogo
epilogue	positive	epílogo
epilogue	sadness	de epílogo
epilogue	surprise	de epílogo
epilogue	trust	de epílogo
shaken	anger	sacudido
shaken	anticipation	sacudido
shaken	disgust	sacudido
shaken	fear	sacudido
shaken	joy	sacudido
shaken	negative	sacudido
shaken	positive	sacudido
shaken	sadness	sacudido
shaken	surprise	ingresos
shaken	trust	de ingresos
earnings	anger	sacudidos
earnings	anticipation	sacudidos
earnings	disgust	ingresos
earnings	fear	de ingresos
earnings	joy	de ingresos
earnings	negative	de ingresos
earnings	positive	ingresos
earnings	sadness	de ingresos
earnings	surprise	de ingresos
earnings	trust	de ingresos
flashback	anger	flashback
flashback	anticipation	flashback
flashback	disgust	flashback
flashback	fear	flashback
flashback	joy	flashback
flashback	negative	flashback
flashback	positive	flashback
flashback	sadness	flashback
flashback	surprise	flashback
flashback	trust	flashback
conspirator	anger	conspirator
conspirator	anticipation	conspirator
conspirator	disgust	conspirator
conspirator	fear	conspirator
conspirator	joy	conspirator
conspirator	negative	conspirator
conspirator	positive	conspirator
conspirator	sadness	conspirator
conspirator	surprise	conspirator
conspirator	trust	conspirator
asymmetric	anger	asimétricos
asymmetric	anticipation	asimétricos
asymmetric	disgust	asimétricos
asymmetric	fear	asimétricos
asymmetric	joy	asimétricos
asymmetric	negative	asimétricos
asymmetric	positive	asimétricos
asymmetric	sadness	asimétricos
asymmetric	surprise	asimétricos
asymmetric	trust	asimétricos
contiguous	anger	contiguos
contiguous	anticipation	contiguos
contiguous	disgust	contiguos
contiguous	fear	contiguos
contiguous	joy	contiguos
contiguous	negative	contiguos
contiguous	positive	contiguos
contiguous	sadness	contiguos
contiguous	surprise	contiguos
contiguous	trust	contiguos
grocery	anger	grocery
grocery	anticipation	grocery
grocery	disgust	grocery
grocery	fear	grocery
grocery	joy	grocery
grocery	negative	grocery
grocery	positive	grocery
grocery	sadness	grocery
grocery	surprise	grocery
grocery	trust	grocery
rant	anger	rant
rant	anticipation	rant
rant	disgust	rant
rant	fear	rant
rant	joy	rant
rant	negative	rant
rant	positive	rant
rant	sadness	rant
rant	surprise	rant
rant	trust	rant
presumption	anger	presunción
presumption	anticipation	de presunción
presumption	disgust	de presunción
presumption	fear	de presunción
presumption	joy	presunción
presumption	negative	de presunción
presumption	positive	de presunción
presumption	sadness	de presunción
presumption	surprise	tonada
presumption	trust	de tonada
tune	anger	de presunción
tune	anticipation	de presunción
tune	disgust	tonada
tune	fear	de tonada
tune	joy	de tonada
tune	negative	de tonada
tune	positive	tonada
tune	sadness	de tonada
tune	surprise	de tonada
tune	trust	de tonada
optimist	anger	optimista
optimist	anticipation	de optimista
optimist	disgust	de optimista
optimist	fear	de optimista
optimist	joy	optimista
optimist	negative	de optimista
optimist	positive	de optimista
optimist	sadness	de optimista
optimist	surprise	optimista
optimist	trust	de optimista
derivative	anger	derivado
derivative	anticipation	derivado
derivative	disgust	derivado
derivative	fear	derivado
derivative	joy	derivado
derivative	negative	derivado
derivative	positive	derivado
derivative	sadness	derivado
derivative	surprise	derivado
derivative	trust	derivado
varicose	anger	varicose
varicose	anticipation	varicose
varicose	disgust	varicose
varicose	fear	varicose
varicose	joy	varicose
varicose	negative	varicose
varicose	positive	varicose
varicose	sadness	varicose
varicose	surprise	varicose
varicose	trust	varicose
princely	anger	princely
princely	anticipation	princely
princely	disgust	princely
princely	fear	princely
princely	joy	princely
princely	negative	princely
princely	positive	princely
princely	sadness	princely
princely	surprise	princely
princely	trust	princely
competent	anger	competente
competent	anticipation	competente
competent	disgust	competente
competent	fear	competente
competent	joy	competente
competent	negative	competente
competent	positive	competente
competent	sadness	competente
competent	surprise	competente
competent	trust	competente
gluttony	anger	gluttony
gluttony	anticipation	gluttony
gluttony	disgust	gluttony
gluttony	fear	gluttony
gluttony	joy	gluttony
gluttony	negative	gluttony
gluttony	positive	gluttony
gluttony	sadness	gluttony
gluttony	surprise	gluttony
gluttony	trust	gluttony
mildew	anger	mildiu
mildew	anticipation	de mildiu
mildew	disgust	de mildiu
mildew	fear	de mildiu
mildew	joy	mildiu
mildew	negative	de mildiu
mildew	positive	de mildiu
mildew	sadness	de mildiu
mildew	surprise	mildiu
mildew	trust	de mildiu
proud	anger	orgulloso
proud	anticipation	orgulloso
proud	disgust	orgulloso
proud	fear	orgulloso
proud	joy	orgulloso
proud	negative	orgulloso
proud	positive	orgulloso
proud	sadness	longitud
proud	surprise	de longitud
proud	trust	orgullosa
length	anger	orgullosa
length	anticipation	orgullosa
length	disgust	longitud
length	fear	de longitud
length	joy	de longitud
length	negative	de longitud
length	positive	longitud
length	sadness	de longitud
length	surprise	de longitud
length	trust	de longitud
regressive	anger	regressive
regressive	anticipation	regressive
regressive	disgust	regressive
regressive	fear	regressive
regressive	joy	regressive
regressive	negative	regressive
regressive	positive	regressive
regressive	sadness	regressive
regressive	surprise	regressive
regressive	trust	regressive
dialect	anger	dialecto
dialect	anticipation	de dialecto
dialect	disgust	de dialecto
dialect	fear	de dialecto
dialect	joy	dialecto
dialect	negative	de dialecto
dialect	positive	de dialecto
dialect	sadness	de dialecto
dialect	surprise	dialecto
dialect	trust	de dialecto
luxuriant	anger	luxuriant
luxuriant	anticipation	luxuriant
luxuriant	disgust	luxuriant
luxuriant	fear	luxuriant
luxuriant	joy	luxuriant
luxuriant	negative	luxuriant
luxuriant	positive	luxuriant
luxuriant	sadness	luxuriant
luxuriant	surprise	luxuriant
luxuriant	trust	luxuriant
hoard	anger	acaparar
hoard	anticipation	acaparar
hoard	disgust	acaparar
hoard	fear	acaparar
hoard	joy	acaparar
hoard	negative	acaparar
hoard	positive	acaparar
hoard	sadness	acaparar
hoard	surprise	acaparar
hoard	trust	acaparar
seething	anger	seething
seething	anticipation	seething
seething	disgust	seething
seething	fear	seething
seething	joy	seething
seething	negative	seething
seething	positive	seething
seething	sadness	seething
seething	surprise	seething
seething	trust	seething
stupidity	anger	estupidez
stupidity	anticipation	de estupidez
stupidity	disgust	de estupidez
stupidity	fear	de estupidez
stupidity	joy	estupidez
stupidity	negative	de estupidez
stupidity	positive	de estupidez
stupidity	sadness	de estupidez
stupidity	surprise	estupidez
stupidity	trust	de estupidez
gorgeous	anger	gorgeous
gorgeous	anticipation	gorgeous
gorgeous	disgust	gorgeous
gorgeous	fear	gorgeous
gorgeous	joy	gorgeous
gorgeous	negative	gorgeous
gorgeous	positive	gorgeous
gorgeous	sadness	gorgeous
gorgeous	surprise	gorgeous
gorgeous	trust	gorgeous
flurry	anger	flurry
flurry	anticipation	flurry
flurry	disgust	flurry
flurry	fear	flurry
flurry	joy	flurry
flurry	negative	flurry
flurry	positive	flurry
flurry	sadness	flurry
flurry	surprise	flurry
flurry	trust	flurry
bud	anger	bud
bud	anticipation	bud
bud	disgust	bud
bud	fear	bud
bud	joy	bud
bud	negative	bud
bud	positive	bud
bud	sadness	bud
bud	surprise	bud
bud	trust	bud
collective	anger	colectivo
collective	anticipation	colectivo
collective	disgust	colectivo
collective	fear	colectivo
collective	joy	colectivo
collective	negative	colectivo
collective	positive	colectivo
collective	sadness	inteligibilidad
collective	surprise	de inteligibilidad
collective	trust	colectiva
intelligibility	anger	colectiva
intelligibility	anticipation	colectiva
intelligibility	disgust	inteligibilidad
intelligibility	fear	de inteligibilidad
intelligibility	joy	de inteligibilidad
intelligibility	negative	de inteligibilidad
intelligibility	positive	inteligibilidad
intelligibility	sadness	de inteligibilidad
intelligibility	surprise	de inteligibilidad
intelligibility	trust	de inteligibilidad
needful	anger	needful
needful	anticipation	needful
needful	disgust	needful
needful	fear	needful
needful	joy	needful
needful	negative	needful
needful	positive	needful
needful	sadness	needful
needful	surprise	needful
needful	trust	needful
croupier	anger	croupier
croupier	anticipation	croupier
croupier	disgust	croupier
croupier	fear	croupier
croupier	joy	croupier
croupier	negative	croupier
croupier	positive	croupier
croupier	sadness	croupier
croupier	surprise	croupier
croupier	trust	croupier
badness	anger	badness
badness	anticipation	badness
badness	disgust	badness
badness	fear	badness
badness	joy	badness
badness	negative	badness
badness	positive	badness
badness	sadness	badness
badness	surprise	badness
badness	trust	badness
turn	anger	vuelta
turn	anticipation	de vuelta
turn	disgust	de vuelta
turn	fear	de vuelta
turn	joy	vuelta
turn	negative	de vuelta
turn	positive	de vuelta
turn	sadness	de vuelta
turn	surprise	vuelta
turn	trust	de vuelta
provincial	anger	provincial
provincial	anticipation	provincial
provincial	disgust	provincial
provincial	fear	provincial
provincial	joy	provincial
provincial	negative	provincial
provincial	positive	provincial
provincial	sadness	provincial
provincial	surprise	provincial
provincial	trust	provincial
resemble	anger	parecerse a
resemble	anticipation	parecerse a
resemble	disgust	parecerse a
resemble	fear	parecerse a
resemble	joy	parecerse a
resemble	negative	parecerse a
resemble	positive	parecerse a
resemble	sadness	parecerse a
resemble	surprise	parecerse a
resemble	trust	parecerse a
nigger	anger	nigger
nigger	anticipation	nigger
nigger	disgust	nigger
nigger	fear	nigger
nigger	joy	nigger
nigger	negative	nigger
nigger	positive	nigger
nigger	sadness	nigger
nigger	surprise	nigger
nigger	trust	nigger
export	anger	exportación
export	anticipation	de exportación
export	disgust	de exportación
export	fear	de exportación
export	joy	exportación
export	negative	de exportación
export	positive	de exportación
export	sadness	de exportación
export	surprise	hierro
export	trust	de hierro
iron	anger	de exportación
iron	anticipation	de exportación
iron	disgust	hierro
iron	fear	de hierro
iron	joy	de hierro
iron	negative	de hierro
iron	positive	hierro
iron	sadness	de hierro
iron	surprise	de hierro
iron	trust	de hierro
tempt	anger	tienta
tempt	anticipation	tentar
tempt	disgust	tentar
tempt	fear	tentar
tempt	joy	tentar
tempt	negative	tentar
tempt	positive	tentar
tempt	sadness	tentar
tempt	surprise	tentar
tempt	trust	tentar
split	anger	la ruptura
split	anticipation	partida
split	disgust	parte
split	fear	la ruptura
split	joy	partida
split	negative	parte
split	positive	la ruptura
split	sadness	partida
split	surprise	parte
split	trust	agonía
agony	anger	de agonía
agony	anticipation	de agonía
agony	disgust	partida
agony	fear	agonía
agony	joy	de agonía
agony	negative	de agonía
agony	positive	de agonía
agony	sadness	coste
agony	surprise	de agonía
agony	trust	de agonía
cost	anger	de agonía
cost	anticipation	el coste
cost	disgust	cuesta
cost	fear	el coste
cost	joy	costado
cost	negative	cuesta
cost	positive	el coste
cost	sadness	costado
cost	surprise	cuesta
cost	trust	costado
jack	anger	jack
jack	anticipation	jack
jack	disgust	jack
jack	fear	jack
jack	joy	jack
jack	negative	jack
jack	positive	jack
jack	sadness	jack
jack	surprise	jack
jack	trust	jack
retaining	anger	reteniendo
retaining	anticipation	reteniendo
retaining	disgust	reteniendo
retaining	fear	reteniendo
retaining	joy	reteniendo
retaining	negative	reteniendo
retaining	positive	reteniendo
retaining	sadness	reteniendo
retaining	surprise	reteniendo
retaining	trust	reteniendo
monologue	anger	monólogo
monologue	anticipation	de monólogo
monologue	disgust	de monólogo
monologue	fear	de monólogo
monologue	joy	monólogo
monologue	negative	de monólogo
monologue	positive	de monólogo
monologue	sadness	de monólogo
monologue	surprise	monólogo
monologue	trust	de monólogo
domiciled	anger	domiciled
domiciled	anticipation	domiciled
domiciled	disgust	domiciled
domiciled	fear	domiciled
domiciled	joy	domiciled
domiciled	negative	domiciled
domiciled	positive	domiciled
domiciled	sadness	domiciled
domiciled	surprise	domiciled
domiciled	trust	domiciled
typography	anger	typography
typography	anticipation	typography
typography	disgust	typography
typography	fear	typography
typography	joy	typography
typography	negative	typography
typography	positive	typography
typography	sadness	typography
typography	surprise	typography
typography	trust	typography
storing	anger	almacenando
storing	anticipation	almacenando
storing	disgust	almacenando
storing	fear	almacenando
storing	joy	almacenando
storing	negative	almacenando
storing	positive	almacenando
storing	sadness	almacenando
storing	surprise	almacenando
storing	trust	almacenando
grandchildren	anger	nietos
grandchildren	anticipation	de nietos
grandchildren	disgust	de nietos
grandchildren	fear	de nietos
grandchildren	joy	nietos
grandchildren	negative	de nietos
grandchildren	positive	de nietos
grandchildren	sadness	de nietos
grandchildren	surprise	cabestrillo
grandchildren	trust	de cabestrillo
sling	anger	de nietos
sling	anticipation	de nietos
sling	disgust	cabestrillo
sling	fear	de cabestrillo
sling	joy	de cabestrillo
sling	negative	de cabestrillo
sling	positive	cabestrillo
sling	sadness	de cabestrillo
sling	surprise	de cabestrillo
sling	trust	de cabestrillo
pretensions	anger	pretensions
pretensions	anticipation	pretensions
pretensions	disgust	pretensions
pretensions	fear	pretensions
pretensions	joy	pretensions
pretensions	negative	pretensions
pretensions	positive	pretensions
pretensions	sadness	pretensions
pretensions	surprise	pretensions
pretensions	trust	pretensions
timidity	anger	timidez
timidity	anticipation	de timidez
timidity	disgust	de timidez
timidity	fear	de timidez
timidity	joy	timidez
timidity	negative	de timidez
timidity	positive	de timidez
timidity	sadness	de timidez
timidity	surprise	ansiedad
timidity	trust	de ansiedad
anxiety	anger	de timidez
anxiety	anticipation	de timidez
anxiety	disgust	ansiedad
anxiety	fear	de ansiedad
anxiety	joy	de ansiedad
anxiety	negative	de ansiedad
anxiety	positive	ansiedad
anxiety	sadness	de ansiedad
anxiety	surprise	de ansiedad
anxiety	trust	de ansiedad
unflinching	anger	unflinching
unflinching	anticipation	unflinching
unflinching	disgust	unflinching
unflinching	fear	unflinching
unflinching	joy	unflinching
unflinching	negative	unflinching
unflinching	positive	unflinching
unflinching	sadness	unflinching
unflinching	surprise	unflinching
unflinching	trust	unflinching
withdraw	anger	retirar
withdraw	anticipation	retirar
withdraw	disgust	retirar
withdraw	fear	retirar
withdraw	joy	retirar
withdraw	negative	retirar
withdraw	positive	retirar
withdraw	sadness	retirar
withdraw	surprise	retirar
withdraw	trust	retirar
agricultural	anger	agrícola
agricultural	anticipation	agrícola
agricultural	disgust	agrícola
agricultural	fear	agrícola
agricultural	joy	agrícola
agricultural	negative	agrícola
agricultural	positive	agrícola
agricultural	sadness	agrícola
agricultural	surprise	agrícola
agricultural	trust	agrícola
engaged	anger	comprometió
engaged	anticipation	comprometido
engaged	disgust	comprometió
engaged	fear	comprometido
engaged	joy	comprometió
engaged	negative	comprometido
engaged	positive	comprometió
engaged	sadness	comprometido
engaged	surprise	comprometió
engaged	trust	comprometido
tincture	anger	tincture
tincture	anticipation	tincture
tincture	disgust	tincture
tincture	fear	tincture
tincture	joy	tincture
tincture	negative	tincture
tincture	positive	tincture
tincture	sadness	tincture
tincture	surprise	tincture
tincture	trust	tincture
assuage	anger	apaciguar
assuage	anticipation	apaciguar
assuage	disgust	apaciguar
assuage	fear	apaciguar
assuage	joy	apaciguar
assuage	negative	apaciguar
assuage	positive	apaciguar
assuage	sadness	apaciguar
assuage	surprise	apaciguar
assuage	trust	apaciguar
iconic	anger	icónico
iconic	anticipation	icónico
iconic	disgust	icónico
iconic	fear	icónico
iconic	joy	icónico
iconic	negative	icónico
iconic	positive	icónico
iconic	sadness	icónico
iconic	surprise	icónico
iconic	trust	icónico
privately	anger	en privado
privately	anticipation	en privado
privately	disgust	en privado
privately	fear	en privado
privately	joy	en privado
privately	negative	en privado
privately	positive	en privado
privately	sadness	en privado
privately	surprise	en privado
privately	trust	en privado
pew	anger	pew
pew	anticipation	pew
pew	disgust	pew
pew	fear	pew
pew	joy	pew
pew	negative	pew
pew	positive	pew
pew	sadness	pew
pew	surprise	pew
pew	trust	pew
mauve	anger	mauve
mauve	anticipation	mauve
mauve	disgust	mauve
mauve	fear	mauve
mauve	joy	mauve
mauve	negative	mauve
mauve	positive	mauve
mauve	sadness	mauve
mauve	surprise	mauve
mauve	trust	mauve
proportions	anger	proporciones
proportions	anticipation	de proporciones
proportions	disgust	de proporciones
proportions	fear	de proporciones
proportions	joy	proporciones
proportions	negative	de proporciones
proportions	positive	de proporciones
proportions	sadness	de proporciones
proportions	surprise	conversación
proportions	trust	de conversación
conversation	anger	de proporciones
conversation	anticipation	de proporciones
conversation	disgust	conversación
conversation	fear	de conversación
conversation	joy	de conversación
conversation	negative	de conversación
conversation	positive	conversación
conversation	sadness	de conversación
conversation	surprise	de conversación
conversation	trust	de conversación
effeminate	anger	effeminate
effeminate	anticipation	effeminate
effeminate	disgust	effeminate
effeminate	fear	effeminate
effeminate	joy	effeminate
effeminate	negative	effeminate
effeminate	positive	effeminate
effeminate	sadness	effeminate
effeminate	surprise	effeminate
effeminate	trust	effeminate
unyielding	anger	unyielding
unyielding	anticipation	unyielding
unyielding	disgust	unyielding
unyielding	fear	unyielding
unyielding	joy	unyielding
unyielding	negative	unyielding
unyielding	positive	unyielding
unyielding	sadness	unyielding
unyielding	surprise	unyielding
unyielding	trust	unyielding
congressman	anger	congresista
congressman	anticipation	de congresista
congressman	disgust	de congresista
congressman	fear	de congresista
congressman	joy	congresista
congressman	negative	de congresista
congressman	positive	de congresista
congressman	sadness	de congresista
congressman	surprise	congresista
congressman	trust	de congresista que
excluding	anger	excluye
excluding	anticipation	excluyendo
excluding	disgust	excluyendo
excluding	fear	excluyendo
excluding	joy	excluyendo
excluding	negative	excluyendo
excluding	positive	excluyendo
excluding	sadness	excluyendo
excluding	surprise	excluyendo
excluding	trust	excluyendo
letters	anger	letras
letters	anticipation	de letras
letters	disgust	de letras
letters	fear	de letras
letters	joy	letras
letters	negative	de letras
letters	positive	de letras
letters	sadness	de letras
letters	surprise	letras
letters	trust	de letras
acquiescence	anger	acquiescence
acquiescence	anticipation	acquiescence
acquiescence	disgust	acquiescence
acquiescence	fear	acquiescence
acquiescence	joy	acquiescence
acquiescence	negative	acquiescence
acquiescence	positive	acquiescence
acquiescence	sadness	acquiescence
acquiescence	surprise	acquiescence
acquiescence	trust	acquiescence
features	anger	las características
features	anticipation	presenta
features	disgust	las características
features	fear	presenta
features	joy	las características
features	negative	presenta
features	positive	las características
features	sadness	presenta
features	surprise	características
features	trust	de características
yearn	anger	ansian
yearn	anticipation	ansiar
yearn	disgust	ansiar
yearn	fear	ansiar
yearn	joy	ansiar
yearn	negative	ansiar
yearn	positive	ansiar
yearn	sadness	ansiar
yearn	surprise	ansiar
yearn	trust	ansiar
liturgy	anger	liturgia
liturgy	anticipation	de liturgia
liturgy	disgust	de liturgia
liturgy	fear	de liturgia
liturgy	joy	liturgia
liturgy	negative	de liturgia
liturgy	positive	de liturgia
liturgy	sadness	de liturgia
liturgy	surprise	liturgia
liturgy	trust	de liturgia
unprotected	anger	desprotegida
unprotected	anticipation	desprotegido
unprotected	disgust	desprotegido
unprotected	fear	desprotegido
unprotected	joy	desprotegido
unprotected	negative	desprotegido
unprotected	positive	desprotegido
unprotected	sadness	contraste
unprotected	surprise	de contraste
unprotected	trust	desprotegido
contrast	anger	desprotegido
contrast	anticipation	desprotegido
contrast	disgust	contraste
contrast	fear	de contraste
contrast	joy	de contraste
contrast	negative	de contraste
contrast	positive	contraste
contrast	sadness	de contraste
contrast	surprise	de contraste
contrast	trust	de contraste
tax	anger	impuesto
tax	anticipation	de impuesto
tax	disgust	de impuesto
tax	fear	de impuesto
tax	joy	impuesto
tax	negative	de impuesto
tax	positive	de impuesto
tax	sadness	de impuesto
tax	surprise	dados
tax	trust	de dados
dice	anger	de impuesto
dice	anticipation	de impuesto
dice	disgust	dados
dice	fear	de dados
dice	joy	de dados
dice	negative	de dados
dice	positive	dados
dice	sadness	de dados
dice	surprise	de dados
dice	trust	de dados
hygiene	anger	higiene
hygiene	anticipation	de higiene
hygiene	disgust	de higiene
hygiene	fear	de higiene
hygiene	joy	higiene
hygiene	negative	de higiene
hygiene	positive	de higiene
hygiene	sadness	de higiene
hygiene	surprise	higiene
hygiene	trust	de higiene
mourn	anger	llora
mourn	anticipation	llorar
mourn	disgust	llorar
mourn	fear	llorar
mourn	joy	llorar
mourn	negative	llorar
mourn	positive	llorar
mourn	sadness	llorar
mourn	surprise	llorar
mourn	trust	llorar
enchantment	anger	encantamiento
enchantment	anticipation	de encantamiento
enchantment	disgust	de encantamiento
enchantment	fear	de encantamiento
enchantment	joy	encantamiento
enchantment	negative	de encantamiento
enchantment	positive	de encantamiento
enchantment	sadness	de encantamiento
enchantment	surprise	encantamiento
enchantment	trust	de encantamiento
rencontre	anger	rencontre
rencontre	anticipation	rencontre
rencontre	disgust	rencontre
rencontre	fear	rencontre
rencontre	joy	rencontre
rencontre	negative	rencontre
rencontre	positive	rencontre
rencontre	sadness	rencontre
rencontre	surprise	rencontre
rencontre	trust	rencontre
liege	anger	liege
liege	anticipation	liege
liege	disgust	liege
liege	fear	liege
liege	joy	liege
liege	negative	liege
liege	positive	liege
liege	sadness	liege
liege	surprise	liege
liege	trust	liege
sledge	anger	sledge
sledge	anticipation	sledge
sledge	disgust	sledge
sledge	fear	sledge
sledge	joy	sledge
sledge	negative	sledge
sledge	positive	sledge
sledge	sadness	sledge
sledge	surprise	sledge
sledge	trust	sledge
postpone	anger	aplazar
postpone	anticipation	aplazar
postpone	disgust	aplazar
postpone	fear	aplazar
postpone	joy	aplazar
postpone	negative	aplazar
postpone	positive	aplazar
postpone	sadness	aplazar
postpone	surprise	aplazar
postpone	trust	aplazar
asymmetry	anger	asimetría
asymmetry	anticipation	de asimetría
asymmetry	disgust	de asimetría
asymmetry	fear	de asimetría
asymmetry	joy	asimetría
asymmetry	negative	de asimetría
asymmetry	positive	de asimetría
asymmetry	sadness	de asimetría
asymmetry	surprise	botón
asymmetry	trust	de botón
button	anger	de asimetría
button	anticipation	de asimetría
button	disgust	botón
button	fear	de botón
button	joy	de botón
button	negative	de botón
button	positive	botón
button	sadness	de botón
button	surprise	de botón
button	trust	de botón
economical	anger	económico
economical	anticipation	económico
economical	disgust	económico
economical	fear	económico
economical	joy	económico
economical	negative	económico
economical	positive	económico
economical	sadness	económico
economical	surprise	económico
economical	trust	económico
grandeur	anger	grandeur
grandeur	anticipation	grandeur
grandeur	disgust	grandeur
grandeur	fear	grandeur
grandeur	joy	grandeur
grandeur	negative	grandeur
grandeur	positive	grandeur
grandeur	sadness	grandeur
grandeur	surprise	grandeur
grandeur	trust	grandeur
farmhouse	anger	farmhouse
farmhouse	anticipation	farmhouse
farmhouse	disgust	farmhouse
farmhouse	fear	farmhouse
farmhouse	joy	farmhouse
farmhouse	negative	farmhouse
farmhouse	positive	farmhouse
farmhouse	sadness	farmhouse
farmhouse	surprise	farmhouse
farmhouse	trust	farmhouse
poser	anger	poser
poser	anticipation	poser
poser	disgust	poser
poser	fear	poser
poser	joy	poser
poser	negative	poser
poser	positive	poser
poser	sadness	poser
poser	surprise	poser
poser	trust	poser
gathering	anger	creciente
gathering	anticipation	creciente
gathering	disgust	creciente
gathering	fear	creciente
gathering	joy	creciente
gathering	negative	creciente
gathering	positive	creciente
gathering	sadness	creciente
gathering	surprise	creciente
gathering	trust	creciente
sweetie	anger	sweetie
sweetie	anticipation	sweetie
sweetie	disgust	sweetie
sweetie	fear	sweetie
sweetie	joy	sweetie
sweetie	negative	sweetie
sweetie	positive	sweetie
sweetie	sadness	sweetie
sweetie	surprise	sweetie
sweetie	trust	sweetie
solace	anger	solace
solace	anticipation	solace
solace	disgust	solace
solace	fear	solace
solace	joy	solace
solace	negative	solace
solace	positive	solace
solace	sadness	solace
solace	surprise	solace
solace	trust	solace
rhyming	anger	rimando
rhyming	anticipation	rimando
rhyming	disgust	rimando
rhyming	fear	rimando
rhyming	joy	rimando
rhyming	negative	rimando
rhyming	positive	rimando
rhyming	sadness	rimando
rhyming	surprise	rimando
rhyming	trust	rimando
generosity	anger	generosidad
generosity	anticipation	de generosidad
generosity	disgust	de generosidad
generosity	fear	de generosidad
generosity	joy	generosidad
generosity	negative	de generosidad
generosity	positive	de generosidad
generosity	sadness	de generosidad
generosity	surprise	generosidad
generosity	trust	de generosidad
onyx	anger	onyx
onyx	anticipation	onyx
onyx	disgust	onyx
onyx	fear	onyx
onyx	joy	onyx
onyx	negative	onyx
onyx	positive	onyx
onyx	sadness	onyx
onyx	surprise	onyx
onyx	trust	onyx
molecular	anger	molecular
molecular	anticipation	molecular
molecular	disgust	molecular
molecular	fear	molecular
molecular	joy	molecular
molecular	negative	molecular
molecular	positive	molecular
molecular	sadness	gotita
molecular	surprise	de gotita
molecular	trust	molecular
droplet	anger	molecular
droplet	anticipation	molecular
droplet	disgust	gotita
droplet	fear	de gotita
droplet	joy	de gotita
droplet	negative	de gotita
droplet	positive	gotita
droplet	sadness	de gotita
droplet	surprise	de gotita
droplet	trust	de gotita
caprice	anger	caprice
caprice	anticipation	caprice
caprice	disgust	caprice
caprice	fear	caprice
caprice	joy	caprice
caprice	negative	caprice
caprice	positive	caprice
caprice	sadness	caprice
caprice	surprise	caprice
caprice	trust	caprice
taffeta	anger	taffeta
taffeta	anticipation	taffeta
taffeta	disgust	taffeta
taffeta	fear	taffeta
taffeta	joy	taffeta
taffeta	negative	taffeta
taffeta	positive	taffeta
taffeta	sadness	taffeta
taffeta	surprise	taffeta
taffeta	trust	taffeta
distal	anger	distal
distal	anticipation	distal
distal	disgust	distal
distal	fear	distal
distal	joy	distal
distal	negative	distal
distal	positive	distal
distal	sadness	distal
distal	surprise	distal
distal	trust	distal
convoy	anger	convoy
convoy	anticipation	de convoy
convoy	disgust	de convoy
convoy	fear	de convoy
convoy	joy	convoy
convoy	negative	de convoy
convoy	positive	de convoy
convoy	sadness	de convoy
convoy	surprise	convoy
convoy	trust	de convoy
differential	anger	diferencial
differential	anticipation	diferencial
differential	disgust	diferencial
differential	fear	diferencial
differential	joy	diferencial
differential	negative	diferencial
differential	positive	diferencial
differential	sadness	diferencial
differential	surprise	diferencial
differential	trust	diferencial
incase	anger	incase
incase	anticipation	incase
incase	disgust	incase
incase	fear	incase
incase	joy	incase
incase	negative	incase
incase	positive	incase
incase	sadness	incase
incase	surprise	incase
incase	trust	incase
dusty	anger	dusty
dusty	anticipation	dusty
dusty	disgust	dusty
dusty	fear	dusty
dusty	joy	dusty
dusty	negative	dusty
dusty	positive	dusty
dusty	sadness	dusty
dusty	surprise	dusty
dusty	trust	dusty
undergraduate	anger	undergraduate
undergraduate	anticipation	undergraduate
undergraduate	disgust	undergraduate
undergraduate	fear	undergraduate
undergraduate	joy	undergraduate
undergraduate	negative	undergraduate
undergraduate	positive	undergraduate
undergraduate	sadness	undergraduate
undergraduate	surprise	undergraduate
undergraduate	trust	undergraduate
bassoon	anger	fagot
bassoon	anticipation	de fagot
bassoon	disgust	de fagot
bassoon	fear	de fagot
bassoon	joy	fagot
bassoon	negative	de fagot
bassoon	positive	de fagot
bassoon	sadness	de fagot
bassoon	surprise	fagot
bassoon	trust	de fagot
disappoint	anger	decepciona
disappoint	anticipation	decepcionar
disappoint	disgust	decepcionar
disappoint	fear	decepcionar
disappoint	joy	decepcionar
disappoint	negative	decepcionar
disappoint	positive	decepcionar
disappoint	sadness	decepcionar
disappoint	surprise	decepcionar
disappoint	trust	decepcionar
shimmer	anger	brillo
shimmer	anticipation	de brillo
shimmer	disgust	de brillo
shimmer	fear	de brillo
shimmer	joy	brillo
shimmer	negative	de brillo
shimmer	positive	de brillo
shimmer	sadness	de brillo
shimmer	surprise	brillo
shimmer	trust	de brillo
bartender	anger	bartender
bartender	anticipation	bartender
bartender	disgust	bartender
bartender	fear	bartender
bartender	joy	bartender
bartender	negative	bartender
bartender	positive	bartender
bartender	sadness	bartender
bartender	surprise	bartender
bartender	trust	bartender
layered	anger	layered
layered	anticipation	layered
layered	disgust	layered
layered	fear	layered
layered	joy	layered
layered	negative	layered
layered	positive	layered
layered	sadness	layered
layered	surprise	layered
layered	trust	layered
yonder	anger	yonder
yonder	anticipation	yonder
yonder	disgust	yonder
yonder	fear	yonder
yonder	joy	yonder
yonder	negative	yonder
yonder	positive	yonder
yonder	sadness	yonder
yonder	surprise	yonder
yonder	trust	yonder
anvil	anger	anvil
anvil	anticipation	anvil
anvil	disgust	anvil
anvil	fear	anvil
anvil	joy	anvil
anvil	negative	anvil
anvil	positive	anvil
anvil	sadness	anvil
anvil	surprise	anvil
anvil	trust	anvil
onus	anger	onus
onus	anticipation	onus
onus	disgust	onus
onus	fear	onus
onus	joy	onus
onus	negative	onus
onus	positive	onus
onus	sadness	onus
onus	surprise	onus
onus	trust	onus
preventative	anger	preventative
preventative	anticipation	preventative
preventative	disgust	preventative
preventative	fear	preventative
preventative	joy	preventative
preventative	negative	preventative
preventative	positive	preventative
preventative	sadness	preventative
preventative	surprise	preventative
preventative	trust	preventative
singly	anger	singly
singly	anticipation	singly
singly	disgust	singly
singly	fear	singly
singly	joy	singly
singly	negative	singly
singly	positive	singly
singly	sadness	singly
singly	surprise	singly
singly	trust	singly
unsatisfied	anger	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	anticipation	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	disgust	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	fear	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	joy	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	negative	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	positive	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	sadness	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	surprise	insatisfecho
unsatisfied	trust	insatisfecho
perceptible	anger	perceptible
perceptible	anticipation	perceptible
perceptible	disgust	perceptible
perceptible	fear	perceptible
perceptible	joy	perceptible
perceptible	negative	perceptible
perceptible	positive	perceptible
perceptible	sadness	perceptible
perceptible	surprise	perceptible
perceptible	trust	perceptible
typically	anger	típicamente
typically	anticipation	típicamente
typically	disgust	típicamente
typically	fear	típicamente
typically	joy	típicamente
typically	negative	típicamente
typically	positive	típicamente
typically	sadness	típicamente
typically	surprise	típicamente
typically	trust	típicamente
actionable	anger	actionable
actionable	anticipation	actionable
actionable	disgust	actionable
actionable	fear	actionable
actionable	joy	actionable
actionable	negative	actionable
actionable	positive	actionable
actionable	sadness	actionable
actionable	surprise	actionable
actionable	trust	actionable
drastic	anger	drástico
drastic	anticipation	drástico
drastic	disgust	drástico
drastic	fear	drástico
drastic	joy	drástico
drastic	negative	drástico
drastic	positive	drástico
drastic	sadness	intestinos
drastic	surprise	de intestinos
drastic	trust	drásticos
intestines	anger	drásticos
intestines	anticipation	drásticos
intestines	disgust	intestinos
intestines	fear	de intestinos
intestines	joy	de intestinos
intestines	negative	de intestinos
intestines	positive	intestinos
intestines	sadness	de intestinos
intestines	surprise	de intestinos
intestines	trust	de intestinos
zone	anger	zona
zone	anticipation	de zona
zone	disgust	de zona
zone	fear	de zona
zone	joy	zona
zone	negative	de zona
zone	positive	de zona
zone	sadness	de zona
zone	surprise	zona
zone	trust	de zona
exert	anger	ejerce
exert	anticipation	ejercer
exert	disgust	ejercer
exert	fear	ejercer
exert	joy	ejercer
exert	negative	ejercer
exert	positive	ejercer
exert	sadness	ejercer
exert	surprise	ejercer
exert	trust	ejercer
tabulate	anger	tabular
tabulate	anticipation	tabular
tabulate	disgust	tabular
tabulate	fear	tabular
tabulate	joy	tabular
tabulate	negative	tabular
tabulate	positive	tabular
tabulate	sadness	tabular
tabulate	surprise	tabular
tabulate	trust	tabular
crouched	anger	crouched
crouched	anticipation	crouched
crouched	disgust	crouched
crouched	fear	crouched
crouched	joy	crouched
crouched	negative	crouched
crouched	positive	crouched
crouched	sadness	crouched
crouched	surprise	crouched
crouched	trust	crouched
velocity	anger	velocidad
velocity	anticipation	de velocidad
velocity	disgust	de velocidad
velocity	fear	de velocidad
velocity	joy	velocidad
velocity	negative	de velocidad
velocity	positive	de velocidad
velocity	sadness	de velocidad
velocity	surprise	aviso
velocity	trust	de aviso
notice	anger	de velocidad
notice	anticipation	de velocidad
notice	disgust	aviso
notice	fear	de aviso
notice	joy	de aviso
notice	negative	de aviso
notice	positive	aviso
notice	sadness	de aviso
notice	surprise	de aviso
notice	trust	de aviso
compression	anger	compresión
compression	anticipation	de compresión
compression	disgust	de compresión
compression	fear	de compresión
compression	joy	compresión
compression	negative	de compresión
compression	positive	de compresión
compression	sadness	de compresión
compression	surprise	nervio
compression	trust	de nervio
nerve	anger	de compresión
nerve	anticipation	de compresión
nerve	disgust	nervio
nerve	fear	de nervio
nerve	joy	de nervio
nerve	negative	de nervio
nerve	positive	nervio
nerve	sadness	de nervio
nerve	surprise	de nervio
nerve	trust	de nervio
earthquake	anger	terremoto
earthquake	anticipation	de terremoto
earthquake	disgust	de terremoto
earthquake	fear	de terremoto
earthquake	joy	terremoto
earthquake	negative	de terremoto
earthquake	positive	de terremoto
earthquake	sadness	de terremoto
earthquake	surprise	grupo
earthquake	trust	de grupo
group	anger	de terremoto
group	anticipation	de terremoto
group	disgust	grupo
group	fear	de grupo
group	joy	de grupo
group	negative	de grupo
group	positive	grupo
group	sadness	de grupo
group	surprise	de grupo
group	trust	de grupo
paraphernalia	anger	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	anticipation	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	disgust	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	fear	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	joy	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	negative	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	positive	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	sadness	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	surprise	paraphernalia
paraphernalia	trust	paraphernalia
diluent	anger	diluyente
diluent	anticipation	de diluyente
diluent	disgust	de diluyente
diluent	fear	de diluyente
diluent	joy	diluyente
diluent	negative	de diluyente
diluent	positive	de diluyente
diluent	sadness	de diluyente
diluent	surprise	diluyente
diluent	trust	de diluyente que
deceiving	anger	engaña
deceiving	anticipation	engañando
deceiving	disgust	engañando
deceiving	fear	engañando
deceiving	joy	engañando
deceiving	negative	engañando
deceiving	positive	engañando
deceiving	sadness	engañando
deceiving	surprise	engañando
deceiving	trust	engañando
intellect	anger	intelecto
intellect	anticipation	de intelecto
intellect	disgust	de intelecto
intellect	fear	de intelecto
intellect	joy	intelecto
intellect	negative	de intelecto
intellect	positive	de intelecto
intellect	sadness	de intelecto
intellect	surprise	movimiento
intellect	trust	de movimiento
motion	anger	de intelecto
motion	anticipation	de intelecto
motion	disgust	movimiento
motion	fear	de movimiento
motion	joy	de movimiento
motion	negative	de movimiento
motion	positive	movimiento
motion	sadness	de movimiento
motion	surprise	de movimiento
motion	trust	de movimiento
masculine	anger	masculino
masculine	anticipation	masculino
masculine	disgust	masculino
masculine	fear	masculino
masculine	joy	masculino
masculine	negative	masculino
masculine	positive	masculino
masculine	sadness	masculino
masculine	surprise	masculino
masculine	trust	masculino
untranslated	anger	untranslated
untranslated	anticipation	untranslated
untranslated	disgust	untranslated
untranslated	fear	untranslated
untranslated	joy	untranslated
untranslated	negative	untranslated
untranslated	positive	untranslated
untranslated	sadness	untranslated
untranslated	surprise	untranslated
untranslated	trust	untranslated
unintelligible	anger	ininteligible
unintelligible	anticipation	ininteligible
unintelligible	disgust	ininteligible
unintelligible	fear	ininteligible
unintelligible	joy	ininteligible
unintelligible	negative	ininteligible
unintelligible	positive	ininteligible
unintelligible	sadness	pago
unintelligible	surprise	de pago
unintelligible	trust	ininteligible
payment	anger	ininteligible
payment	anticipation	ininteligible
payment	disgust	pago
payment	fear	de pago
payment	joy	de pago
payment	negative	de pago
payment	positive	pago
payment	sadness	de pago
payment	surprise	de pago
payment	trust	de pago
trajectory	anger	trajectory
trajectory	anticipation	trajectory
trajectory	disgust	trajectory
trajectory	fear	trajectory
trajectory	joy	trajectory
trajectory	negative	trajectory
trajectory	positive	trajectory
trajectory	sadness	trajectory
trajectory	surprise	trajectory
trajectory	trust	trajectory
tenacious	anger	tenacious
tenacious	anticipation	tenacious
tenacious	disgust	tenacious
tenacious	fear	tenacious
tenacious	joy	tenacious
tenacious	negative	tenacious
tenacious	positive	tenacious
tenacious	sadness	tenacious
tenacious	surprise	tenacious
tenacious	trust	tenacious
impose	anger	imponer
impose	anticipation	imponer
impose	disgust	imponer
impose	fear	imponer
impose	joy	imponer
impose	negative	imponer
impose	positive	imponer
impose	sadness	imponer
impose	surprise	imponer
impose	trust	imponer
aloft	anger	arriba
aloft	anticipation	arriba
aloft	disgust	arriba
aloft	fear	arriba
aloft	joy	arriba
aloft	negative	arriba
aloft	positive	arriba
aloft	sadness	arriba
aloft	surprise	arriba
aloft	trust	arriba
bylaw	anger	bylaw
bylaw	anticipation	bylaw
bylaw	disgust	bylaw
bylaw	fear	bylaw
bylaw	joy	bylaw
bylaw	negative	bylaw
bylaw	positive	bylaw
bylaw	sadness	bylaw
bylaw	surprise	bylaw
bylaw	trust	bylaw
stab	anger	cuchillada
stab	anticipation	de cuchillada
stab	disgust	de cuchillada
stab	fear	de cuchillada
stab	joy	cuchillada
stab	negative	de cuchillada
stab	positive	de cuchillada
stab	sadness	de cuchillada
stab	surprise	cuchillada
stab	trust	de cuchillada
radio	anger	radiofónica
radio	anticipation	radiofónico
radio	disgust	radiofónico
radio	fear	radiofónico
radio	joy	radiofónico
radio	negative	radiofónico
radio	positive	radiofónico
radio	sadness	radiofónico
radio	surprise	radiofónico
radio	trust	radiofónico
dismount	anger	dismount
dismount	anticipation	dismount
dismount	disgust	dismount
dismount	fear	dismount
dismount	joy	dismount
dismount	negative	dismount
dismount	positive	dismount
dismount	sadness	dismount
dismount	surprise	dismount
dismount	trust	dismount
cartridge	anger	cartucho
cartridge	anticipation	de cartucho
cartridge	disgust	de cartucho
cartridge	fear	de cartucho
cartridge	joy	cartucho
cartridge	negative	de cartucho
cartridge	positive	de cartucho
cartridge	sadness	de cartucho
cartridge	surprise	cartucho
cartridge	trust	de cartucho
incompletely	anger	incompletamente
incompletely	anticipation	incompletamente
incompletely	disgust	incompletamente
incompletely	fear	incompletamente
incompletely	joy	incompletamente
incompletely	negative	incompletamente
incompletely	positive	incompletamente
incompletely	sadness	incompletamente
incompletely	surprise	incompletamente
incompletely	trust	incompletamente
raiment	anger	raiment
raiment	anticipation	raiment
raiment	disgust	raiment
raiment	fear	raiment
raiment	joy	raiment
raiment	negative	raiment
raiment	positive	raiment
raiment	sadness	raiment
raiment	surprise	raiment
raiment	trust	raiment
weedy	anger	weedy
weedy	anticipation	weedy
weedy	disgust	weedy
weedy	fear	weedy
weedy	joy	weedy
weedy	negative	weedy
weedy	positive	weedy
weedy	sadness	weedy
weedy	surprise	weedy
weedy	trust	weedy
ensue	anger	ensue
ensue	anticipation	ensue
ensue	disgust	ensue
ensue	fear	ensue
ensue	joy	ensue
ensue	negative	ensue
ensue	positive	ensue
ensue	sadness	ensue
ensue	surprise	ensue
ensue	trust	ensue
forgotten	anger	olvidado
forgotten	anticipation	olvidado
forgotten	disgust	olvidado
forgotten	fear	olvidado
forgotten	joy	olvidado
forgotten	negative	olvidado
forgotten	positive	olvidado
forgotten	sadness	olvidado
forgotten	surprise	cuello
forgotten	trust	de cuello
neck	anger	olvidado
neck	anticipation	olvidado
neck	disgust	cuello
neck	fear	de cuello
neck	joy	de cuello
neck	negative	de cuello
neck	positive	cuello
neck	sadness	de cuello
neck	surprise	de cuello
neck	trust	de cuello
biweekly	anger	biweekly
biweekly	anticipation	biweekly
biweekly	disgust	biweekly
biweekly	fear	biweekly
biweekly	joy	biweekly
biweekly	negative	biweekly
biweekly	positive	biweekly
biweekly	sadness	biweekly
biweekly	surprise	biweekly
biweekly	trust	biweekly
advertise	anger	anunciar
advertise	anticipation	anunciar
advertise	disgust	anunciar
advertise	fear	anunciar
advertise	joy	anunciar
advertise	negative	anunciar
advertise	positive	anunciar
advertise	sadness	anunciar
advertise	surprise	anunciar
advertise	trust	anunciar
cobalt	anger	cobalto
cobalt	anticipation	de cobalto
cobalt	disgust	de cobalto
cobalt	fear	de cobalto
cobalt	joy	cobalto
cobalt	negative	de cobalto
cobalt	positive	de cobalto
cobalt	sadness	de cobalto
cobalt	surprise	aversión
cobalt	trust	de aversión
dislike	anger	de cobalto
dislike	anticipation	de cobalto
dislike	disgust	aversión
dislike	fear	de aversión
dislike	joy	de aversión
dislike	negative	de aversión
dislike	positive	aversión
dislike	sadness	de aversión
dislike	surprise	de aversión
dislike	trust	de aversión
emulate	anger	emula
emulate	anticipation	emular
emulate	disgust	emular
emulate	fear	emular
emulate	joy	emular
emulate	negative	emular
emulate	positive	emular
emulate	sadness	emular
emulate	surprise	emular
emulate	trust	emular
risky	anger	arriesgado
risky	anticipation	arriesgado
risky	disgust	arriesgado
risky	fear	arriesgado
risky	joy	arriesgado
risky	negative	arriesgado
risky	positive	arriesgado
risky	sadness	comprador
risky	surprise	de comprador
risky	trust	arriesgado
buyer	anger	arriesgado
buyer	anticipation	arriesgado
buyer	disgust	comprador
buyer	fear	de comprador
buyer	joy	de comprador
buyer	negative	de comprador
buyer	positive	comprador
buyer	sadness	de comprador
buyer	surprise	de comprador
buyer	trust	de comprador
perforated	anger	perforated
perforated	anticipation	perforated
perforated	disgust	perforated
perforated	fear	perforated
perforated	joy	perforated
perforated	negative	perforated
perforated	positive	perforated
perforated	sadness	perforated
perforated	surprise	perforated
perforated	trust	perforated
kanji	anger	kanji
kanji	anticipation	kanji
kanji	disgust	kanji
kanji	fear	kanji
kanji	joy	kanji
kanji	negative	kanji
kanji	positive	kanji
kanji	sadness	kanji
kanji	surprise	kanji
kanji	trust	kanji
oppressive	anger	oppressive
oppressive	anticipation	oppressive
oppressive	disgust	oppressive
oppressive	fear	oppressive
oppressive	joy	oppressive
oppressive	negative	oppressive
oppressive	positive	oppressive
oppressive	sadness	oppressive
oppressive	surprise	oppressive
oppressive	trust	oppressive
laminated	anger	laminated
laminated	anticipation	laminated
laminated	disgust	laminated
laminated	fear	laminated
laminated	joy	laminated
laminated	negative	laminated
laminated	positive	laminated
laminated	sadness	laminated
laminated	surprise	laminated
laminated	trust	laminated
remit	anger	remitir
remit	anticipation	remitir
remit	disgust	remitir
remit	fear	remitir
remit	joy	remitir
remit	negative	remitir
remit	positive	remitir
remit	sadness	remitir
remit	surprise	remitir
remit	trust	remitir
permit	anger	permiso
permit	anticipation	de permiso
permit	disgust	de permiso
permit	fear	de permiso
permit	joy	permiso
permit	negative	de permiso
permit	positive	de permiso
permit	sadness	de permiso
permit	surprise	toallita húmeda
permit	trust	de toallita húmeda
wipe	anger	de permiso
wipe	anticipation	de permiso
wipe	disgust	toallita húmeda
wipe	fear	de toallita húmeda
wipe	joy	de toallita húmeda
wipe	negative	de toallita húmeda
wipe	positive	toallita húmeda
wipe	sadness	de toallita húmeda
wipe	surprise	de toallita húmeda
wipe	trust	de toallita húmeda
unbreakable	anger	unbreakable
unbreakable	anticipation	unbreakable
unbreakable	disgust	unbreakable
unbreakable	fear	unbreakable
unbreakable	joy	unbreakable
unbreakable	negative	unbreakable
unbreakable	positive	unbreakable
unbreakable	sadness	unbreakable
unbreakable	surprise	unbreakable
unbreakable	trust	unbreakable
multiplication	anger	multiplicación
multiplication	anticipation	de multiplicación
multiplication	disgust	de multiplicación
multiplication	fear	de multiplicación
multiplication	joy	multiplicación
multiplication	negative	de multiplicación
multiplication	positive	de multiplicación
multiplication	sadness	de multiplicación
multiplication	surprise	multiplicación
multiplication	trust	de multiplicación
jubilee	anger	jubilee
jubilee	anticipation	jubilee
jubilee	disgust	jubilee
jubilee	fear	jubilee
jubilee	joy	jubilee
jubilee	negative	jubilee
jubilee	positive	jubilee
jubilee	sadness	jubilee
jubilee	surprise	jubilee
jubilee	trust	jubilee
origin	anger	origen
origin	anticipation	de origen
origin	disgust	de origen
origin	fear	de origen
origin	joy	origen
origin	negative	de origen
origin	positive	de origen
origin	sadness	de origen
origin	surprise	antídoto
origin	trust	de antídoto
antidote	anger	de origen
antidote	anticipation	de origen
antidote	disgust	antídoto
antidote	fear	de antídoto
antidote	joy	de antídoto
antidote	negative	de antídoto
antidote	positive	antídoto
antidote	sadness	de antídoto
antidote	surprise	de antídoto
antidote	trust	de antídoto
liquefaction	anger	licuefacción
liquefaction	anticipation	de licuefacción
liquefaction	disgust	de licuefacción
liquefaction	fear	de licuefacción
liquefaction	joy	licuefacción
liquefaction	negative	de licuefacción
liquefaction	positive	de licuefacción
liquefaction	sadness	de licuefacción
liquefaction	surprise	licuefacción
liquefaction	trust	de licuefacción
pagan	anger	pagana
pagan	anticipation	pagano
pagan	disgust	pagano
pagan	fear	pagano
pagan	joy	pagano
pagan	negative	pagano
pagan	positive	pagano
pagan	sadness	carreteras
pagan	surprise	de carreteras
pagan	trust	paganas
roads	anger	paganas
roads	anticipation	paganas
roads	disgust	carreteras
roads	fear	de carreteras
roads	joy	de carreteras
roads	negative	de carreteras
roads	positive	carreteras
roads	sadness	de carreteras
roads	surprise	de carreteras
roads	trust	de carreteras
homeless	anger	homeless
homeless	anticipation	homeless
homeless	disgust	homeless
homeless	fear	homeless
homeless	joy	homeless
homeless	negative	homeless
homeless	positive	homeless
homeless	sadness	homeless
homeless	surprise	homeless
homeless	trust	homeless
respective	anger	respectivos
respective	anticipation	respectivos
respective	disgust	respectivos
respective	fear	respectivos
respective	joy	respectivos
respective	negative	respectivos
respective	positive	respectivos
respective	sadness	deshielo
respective	surprise	de deshielo
respective	trust	respectivo
thaw	anger	respectivo
thaw	anticipation	respectivo
thaw	disgust	deshielo
thaw	fear	de deshielo
thaw	joy	de deshielo
thaw	negative	de deshielo
thaw	positive	deshielo
thaw	sadness	de deshielo
thaw	surprise	de deshielo
thaw	trust	de deshielo que
possessing	anger	posee
possessing	anticipation	poseyendo
possessing	disgust	poseyendo
possessing	fear	poseyendo
possessing	joy	poseyendo
possessing	negative	poseyendo
possessing	positive	poseyendo
possessing	sadness	poseyendo
possessing	surprise	poseyendo
possessing	trust	poseyendo
reach	anger	logra
reach	anticipation	lograr
reach	disgust	lograr
reach	fear	lograr
reach	joy	lograr
reach	negative	lograr
reach	positive	lograr
reach	sadness	lograr
reach	surprise	lograr
reach	trust	lograr
remembering	anger	recordando
remembering	anticipation	recordando
remembering	disgust	recordando
remembering	fear	recordando
remembering	joy	recordando
remembering	negative	recordando
remembering	positive	recordando
remembering	sadness	recordando
remembering	surprise	recordando
remembering	trust	recordando
bowls	anger	boles
bowls	anticipation	de boles
bowls	disgust	de boles
bowls	fear	de boles
bowls	joy	boles
bowls	negative	de boles
bowls	positive	de boles
bowls	sadness	de boles
bowls	surprise	boles
bowls	trust	de boles
delineate	anger	delinean
delineate	anticipation	delinear
delineate	disgust	delinear
delineate	fear	delinear
delineate	joy	delinear
delineate	negative	delinear
delineate	positive	delinear
delineate	sadness	delinear
delineate	surprise	delinear
delineate	trust	delinear
dispute	anger	disputa
dispute	anticipation	de disputa
dispute	disgust	de disputa
dispute	fear	de disputa
dispute	joy	disputa
dispute	negative	de disputa
dispute	positive	de disputa
dispute	sadness	de disputa
dispute	surprise	disputa
dispute	trust	de disputa
envision	anger	envision
envision	anticipation	envision
envision	disgust	envision
envision	fear	envision
envision	joy	envision
envision	negative	envision
envision	positive	envision
envision	sadness	envision
envision	surprise	envision
envision	trust	envision
neatly	anger	pulcramente
neatly	anticipation	pulcramente
neatly	disgust	pulcramente
neatly	fear	pulcramente
neatly	joy	pulcramente
neatly	negative	pulcramente
neatly	positive	pulcramente
neatly	sadness	pulcramente
neatly	surprise	pulcramente
neatly	trust	pulcramente
patience	anger	paciencia
patience	anticipation	de paciencia
patience	disgust	de paciencia
patience	fear	de paciencia
patience	joy	paciencia
patience	negative	de paciencia
patience	positive	de paciencia
patience	sadness	de paciencia
patience	surprise	paciencia
patience	trust	de paciencia
undecided	anger	indecisa
undecided	anticipation	indeciso
undecided	disgust	indeciso
undecided	fear	indeciso
undecided	joy	indeciso
undecided	negative	indeciso
undecided	positive	indeciso
undecided	sadness	indeciso
undecided	surprise	indeciso
undecided	trust	indeciso
untrustworthy	anger	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	anticipation	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	disgust	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	fear	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	joy	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	negative	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	positive	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	sadness	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	surprise	untrustworthy
untrustworthy	trust	untrustworthy
peremptory	anger	perentorio
peremptory	anticipation	perentorio
peremptory	disgust	perentorio
peremptory	fear	perentorio
peremptory	joy	perentorio
peremptory	negative	perentorio
peremptory	positive	perentorio
peremptory	sadness	pagoda
peremptory	surprise	de pagoda
peremptory	trust	perentoria
pagoda	anger	perentoria
pagoda	anticipation	perentoria
pagoda	disgust	pagoda
pagoda	fear	de pagoda
pagoda	joy	de pagoda
pagoda	negative	de pagoda
pagoda	positive	pagoda
pagoda	sadness	de pagoda
pagoda	surprise	de pagoda
pagoda	trust	de pagoda
supplementary	anger	suplementaria
supplementary	anticipation	suplementario
supplementary	disgust	suplementario
supplementary	fear	suplementario
supplementary	joy	suplementario
supplementary	negative	suplementario
supplementary	positive	suplementario
supplementary	sadness	suplementario
supplementary	surprise	suplementario
supplementary	trust	suplementario
hustler	anger	hustler
hustler	anticipation	hustler
hustler	disgust	hustler
hustler	fear	hustler
hustler	joy	hustler
hustler	negative	hustler
hustler	positive	hustler
hustler	sadness	hustler
hustler	surprise	hustler
hustler	trust	hustler
fulfill	anger	cumplir
fulfill	anticipation	cumplir
fulfill	disgust	cumplir
fulfill	fear	cumplir
fulfill	joy	cumplir
fulfill	negative	cumplir
fulfill	positive	cumplir
fulfill	sadness	cumplir
fulfill	surprise	cumplir
fulfill	trust	cumplir
embargo	anger	embargo
embargo	anticipation	de embargo
embargo	disgust	de embargo
embargo	fear	de embargo
embargo	joy	embargo
embargo	negative	de embargo
embargo	positive	de embargo
embargo	sadness	de embargo
embargo	surprise	embargo
embargo	trust	de embargo
implement	anger	implementa
implement	anticipation	implementar
implement	disgust	implementar
implement	fear	implementar
implement	joy	implementar
implement	negative	implementar
implement	positive	implementar
implement	sadness	implementar
implement	surprise	implementar
implement	trust	implementar
drudgery	anger	drudgery
drudgery	anticipation	drudgery
drudgery	disgust	drudgery
drudgery	fear	drudgery
drudgery	joy	drudgery
drudgery	negative	drudgery
drudgery	positive	drudgery
drudgery	sadness	drudgery
drudgery	surprise	drudgery
drudgery	trust	drudgery
deter	anger	disuadir
deter	anticipation	disuadir
deter	disgust	disuadir
deter	fear	disuadir
deter	joy	disuadir
deter	negative	disuadir
deter	positive	disuadir
deter	sadness	disuadir
deter	surprise	disuadir
deter	trust	disuadir
reiterate	anger	reiterar
reiterate	anticipation	reiterar
reiterate	disgust	reiterar
reiterate	fear	reiterar
reiterate	joy	reiterar
reiterate	negative	reiterar
reiterate	positive	reiterar
reiterate	sadness	reiterar
reiterate	surprise	reiterar
reiterate	trust	reiterar
vanguard	anger	vanguard
vanguard	anticipation	vanguard
vanguard	disgust	vanguard
vanguard	fear	vanguard
vanguard	joy	vanguard
vanguard	negative	vanguard
vanguard	positive	vanguard
vanguard	sadness	vanguard
vanguard	surprise	vanguard
vanguard	trust	vanguard
crook	anger	sinvergüenza
crook	anticipation	de sinvergüenza
crook	disgust	de sinvergüenza
crook	fear	de sinvergüenza
crook	joy	sinvergüenza
crook	negative	de sinvergüenza
crook	positive	de sinvergüenza
crook	sadness	de sinvergüenza
crook	surprise	sinvergüenza
crook	trust	de sinvergüenza
digest	anger	digiere
digest	anticipation	digerir
digest	disgust	digerir
digest	fear	digerir
digest	joy	digerir
digest	negative	digerir
digest	positive	digerir
digest	sadness	digerir
digest	surprise	digerir
digest	trust	digerir
effective	anger	eficaz
effective	anticipation	eficaz
effective	disgust	eficaz
effective	fear	eficaz
effective	joy	eficaz
effective	negative	eficaz
effective	positive	eficaz
effective	sadness	eficaz
effective	surprise	eficaz
effective	trust	eficaz
prosecute	anger	prosecute
prosecute	anticipation	prosecute
prosecute	disgust	prosecute
prosecute	fear	prosecute
prosecute	joy	prosecute
prosecute	negative	prosecute
prosecute	positive	prosecute
prosecute	sadness	prosecute
prosecute	surprise	prosecute
prosecute	trust	prosecute
bachelor	anger	bachelor
bachelor	anticipation	
bachelor	disgust	bachelor
bachelor	fear	bachelor
bachelor	joy	bachelor
bachelor	negative	bachelor
bachelor	positive	bachelor
bachelor	sadness	bachelor
bachelor	surprise	bachelor
bachelor	trust	bachelor
plaid	anger	bachelor
plaid	anticipation	plaid plaid
plaid	disgust	plaid
plaid	fear	plaid
plaid	joy	plaid
plaid	negative	plaid
plaid	positive	plaid
plaid	sadness	plaid
plaid	surprise	plaid
plaid	trust	plaid
chapter	anger	capítulo
chapter	anticipation	de capítulo
chapter	disgust	de capítulo
chapter	fear	de capítulo
chapter	joy	capítulo
chapter	negative	de capítulo
chapter	positive	de capítulo
chapter	sadness	de capítulo
chapter	surprise	capítulo
chapter	trust	de capítulo
caster	anger	caster
caster	anticipation	caster
caster	disgust	caster
caster	fear	caster
caster	joy	caster
caster	negative	caster
caster	positive	caster
caster	sadness	caster
caster	surprise	caster
caster	trust	caster
overseer	anger	overseer
overseer	anticipation	overseer
overseer	disgust	overseer
overseer	fear	overseer
overseer	joy	overseer
overseer	negative	overseer
overseer	positive	overseer
overseer	sadness	overseer
overseer	surprise	overseer
overseer	trust	overseer
ammunition	anger	munición
ammunition	anticipation	de munición
ammunition	disgust	de munición
ammunition	fear	de munición
ammunition	joy	munición
ammunition	negative	de munición
ammunition	positive	de munición
ammunition	sadness	de munición
ammunition	surprise	yugo
ammunition	trust	de yugo
yoke	anger	de munición
yoke	anticipation	de munición
yoke	disgust	yugo
yoke	fear	de yugo
yoke	joy	de yugo
yoke	negative	de yugo
yoke	positive	yugo
yoke	sadness	de yugo
yoke	surprise	de yugo
yoke	trust	de yugo
violence	anger	violencia
violence	anticipation	de violencia
violence	disgust	de violencia
violence	fear	de violencia
violence	joy	violencia
violence	negative	de violencia
violence	positive	de violencia
violence	sadness	de violencia
violence	surprise	violencia
violence	trust	de violencia
surprisingly	anger	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	anticipation	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	disgust	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	fear	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	joy	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	negative	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	positive	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	sadness	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	surprise	sorprendentemente
surprisingly	trust	sorprendentemente
monopoly	anger	monopolio
monopoly	anticipation	de monopolio
monopoly	disgust	de monopolio
monopoly	fear	de monopolio
monopoly	joy	monopolio
monopoly	negative	de monopolio
monopoly	positive	de monopolio
monopoly	sadness	de monopolio
monopoly	surprise	monopolio
monopoly	trust	de monopolio
congressional	anger	congressional
congressional	anticipation	congressional
congressional	disgust	congressional
congressional	fear	congressional
congressional	joy	congressional
congressional	negative	congressional
congressional	positive	congressional
congressional	sadness	congressional
congressional	surprise	congressional
congressional	trust	congressional
blend	anger	blend
blend	anticipation	blend
blend	disgust	blend
blend	fear	blend
blend	joy	blend
blend	negative	blend
blend	positive	blend
blend	sadness	blend
blend	surprise	blend
blend	trust	blend
butt	anger	culata
butt	anticipation	de culata
butt	disgust	de culata
butt	fear	de culata
butt	joy	culata
butt	negative	de culata
butt	positive	de culata
butt	sadness	de culata
butt	surprise	culata
butt	trust	de culata
irrefutable	anger	irrefutable
irrefutable	anticipation	irrefutable
irrefutable	disgust	irrefutable
irrefutable	fear	irrefutable
irrefutable	joy	irrefutable
irrefutable	negative	irrefutable
irrefutable	positive	irrefutable
irrefutable	sadness	parada
irrefutable	surprise	de parada
irrefutable	trust	irrefutable
stall	anger	irrefutable
stall	anticipation	irrefutable
stall	disgust	parada
stall	fear	de parada
stall	joy	de parada
stall	negative	de parada
stall	positive	parada
stall	sadness	de parada
stall	surprise	de parada
stall	trust	de parada
envelope	anger	envelope
envelope	anticipation	envelope
envelope	disgust	envelope
envelope	fear	envelope
envelope	joy	envelope
envelope	negative	envelope
envelope	positive	envelope
envelope	sadness	envelope
envelope	surprise	envelope
envelope	trust	envelope
surgeon	anger	cirujano
surgeon	anticipation	de cirujano
surgeon	disgust	de cirujano
surgeon	fear	de cirujano
surgeon	joy	cirujano
surgeon	negative	de cirujano
surgeon	positive	de cirujano
surgeon	sadness	de cirujano
surgeon	surprise	supervisión
surgeon	trust	de supervisión
supervision	anger	de cirujano
supervision	anticipation	de cirujano
supervision	disgust	supervisión
supervision	fear	de supervisión
supervision	joy	de supervisión
supervision	negative	de supervisión
supervision	positive	supervisión
supervision	sadness	de supervisión
supervision	surprise	de supervisión
supervision	trust	de supervisión
immovable	anger	inamovible
immovable	anticipation	inamovible
immovable	disgust	inamovible
immovable	fear	inamovible
immovable	joy	inamovible
immovable	negative	inamovible
immovable	positive	inamovible
immovable	sadness	inamovible
immovable	surprise	inamovible
immovable	trust	inamovible
proprietor	anger	proprietor
proprietor	anticipation	proprietor
proprietor	disgust	proprietor
proprietor	fear	proprietor
proprietor	joy	proprietor
proprietor	negative	proprietor
proprietor	positive	proprietor
proprietor	sadness	proprietor
proprietor	surprise	proprietor
proprietor	trust	proprietor
exterminate	anger	exterminar
exterminate	anticipation	exterminar
exterminate	disgust	exterminar
exterminate	fear	exterminar
exterminate	joy	exterminar
exterminate	negative	exterminar
exterminate	positive	exterminar
exterminate	sadness	exterminar
exterminate	surprise	exterminar
exterminate	trust	exterminar
squirrel	anger	ardilla
squirrel	anticipation	de ardilla
squirrel	disgust	de ardilla
squirrel	fear	de ardilla
squirrel	joy	ardilla
squirrel	negative	de ardilla
squirrel	positive	de ardilla
squirrel	sadness	de ardilla
squirrel	surprise	ardilla
squirrel	trust	de ardilla
perennial	anger	perenne
perennial	anticipation	perenne
perennial	disgust	perenne
perennial	fear	perenne
perennial	joy	perenne
perennial	negative	perenne
perennial	positive	perenne
perennial	sadness	suministros
perennial	surprise	perennes
perennial	trust	perennes
supplies	anger	perennes
supplies	anticipation	suministra
supplies	disgust	los suministros
supplies	fear	suministra
supplies	joy	los suministros
supplies	negative	suministra
supplies	positive	los suministros
supplies	sadness	suministra
supplies	surprise	los suministros
supplies	trust	suministra
computable	anger	computable
computable	anticipation	computable
computable	disgust	computable
computable	fear	computable
computable	joy	computable
computable	negative	computable
computable	positive	computable
computable	sadness	computable
computable	surprise	computable
computable	trust	computable
picturesque	anger	pintorescos
picturesque	anticipation	pintorescos
picturesque	disgust	pintorescos
picturesque	fear	pintorescos
picturesque	joy	pintorescos
picturesque	negative	pintorescos
picturesque	positive	pintorescos
picturesque	sadness	pintorescos
picturesque	surprise	pintorescos
picturesque	trust	pintorescos
spotless	anger	inmaculados
spotless	anticipation	inmaculados
spotless	disgust	inmaculados
spotless	fear	inmaculados
spotless	joy	inmaculados
spotless	negative	inmaculados
spotless	positive	inmaculados
spotless	sadness	inmaculados
spotless	surprise	inmaculados
spotless	trust	inmaculados
deranged	anger	deranged
deranged	anticipation	deranged
deranged	disgust	deranged
deranged	fear	deranged
deranged	joy	deranged
deranged	negative	deranged
deranged	positive	deranged
deranged	sadness	deranged
deranged	surprise	deranged
deranged	trust	deranged
traditional	anger	tradicionales
traditional	anticipation	tradicionales
traditional	disgust	tradicionales
traditional	fear	tradicionales
traditional	joy	tradicionales
traditional	negative	tradicionales
traditional	positive	tradicionales
traditional	sadness	amuleto
traditional	surprise	de amuleto
traditional	trust	tradicional
amulet	anger	tradicional
amulet	anticipation	tradicional
amulet	disgust	amuleto
amulet	fear	de amuleto
amulet	joy	de amuleto
amulet	negative	de amuleto
amulet	positive	amuleto
amulet	sadness	de amuleto
amulet	surprise	de amuleto
amulet	trust	de amuleto
chemise	anger	chemise
chemise	anticipation	chemise
chemise	disgust	chemise
chemise	fear	chemise
chemise	joy	chemise
chemise	negative	chemise
chemise	positive	chemise
chemise	sadness	chemise
chemise	surprise	chemise
chemise	trust	chemise
technology	anger	tecnología
technology	anticipation	de tecnología
technology	disgust	de tecnología
technology	fear	de tecnología
technology	joy	tecnología
technology	negative	de tecnología
technology	positive	de tecnología
technology	sadness	de tecnología
technology	surprise	tecnología
technology	trust	de tecnología
reassure	anger	tranquiliza
reassure	anticipation	tranquilizar
reassure	disgust	tranquilizar
reassure	fear	tranquilizar
reassure	joy	tranquilizar
reassure	negative	tranquilizar
reassure	positive	tranquilizar
reassure	sadness	tranquilizar
reassure	surprise	tranquilizar
reassure	trust	tranquilizar
urinalysis	anger	urinalysis
urinalysis	anticipation	urinalysis
urinalysis	disgust	urinalysis
urinalysis	fear	urinalysis
urinalysis	joy	urinalysis
urinalysis	negative	urinalysis
urinalysis	positive	urinalysis
urinalysis	sadness	urinalysis
urinalysis	surprise	urinalysis
urinalysis	trust	urinalysis
effort	anger	esfuerzo
effort	anticipation	de esfuerzo
effort	disgust	de esfuerzo
effort	fear	de esfuerzo
effort	joy	esfuerzo
effort	negative	de esfuerzo
effort	positive	de esfuerzo
effort	sadness	de esfuerzo
effort	surprise	esfuerzo
effort	trust	de esfuerzo
atoll	anger	atoll
atoll	anticipation	atoll
atoll	disgust	atoll
atoll	fear	atoll
atoll	joy	atoll
atoll	negative	atoll
atoll	positive	atoll
atoll	sadness	atoll
atoll	surprise	atoll
atoll	trust	atoll
tide	anger	marea
tide	anticipation	de marea
tide	disgust	de marea
tide	fear	de marea
tide	joy	marea
tide	negative	de marea
tide	positive	de marea
tide	sadness	de marea
tide	surprise	marea
tide	trust	de marea
figurative	anger	figurative
figurative	anticipation	figurative
figurative	disgust	figurative
figurative	fear	figurative
figurative	joy	figurative
figurative	negative	figurative
figurative	positive	figurative
figurative	sadness	figurative
figurative	surprise	figurative
figurative	trust	figurative
suspected	anger	sospechó
suspected	anticipation	sospechado
suspected	disgust	sospechó
suspected	fear	sospechado
suspected	joy	sospechó
suspected	negative	sospechado
suspected	positive	sospechó
suspected	sadness	sospechado
suspected	surprise	sospechó
suspected	trust	pelusa
floss	anger	de pelusa
floss	anticipation	de pelusa
floss	disgust	sospechada
floss	fear	pelusa
floss	joy	de pelusa
floss	negative	de pelusa
floss	positive	de pelusa
floss	sadness	pelusa
floss	surprise	de pelusa
floss	trust	de la pelusa que
approving	anger	aprueba
approving	anticipation	aprobando
approving	disgust	aprobando
approving	fear	aprobando
approving	joy	aprobando
approving	negative	aprobando
approving	positive	aprobando
approving	sadness	aprobando
approving	surprise	aprobando
approving	trust	aprobando
cowardly	anger	cobarde
cowardly	anticipation	cobarde
cowardly	disgust	cobarde
cowardly	fear	cobarde
cowardly	joy	cobarde
cowardly	negative	cobarde
cowardly	positive	cobarde
cowardly	sadness	cobarde
cowardly	surprise	cobarde
cowardly	trust	cobarde
malpractice	anger	malpractice
malpractice	anticipation	malpractice
malpractice	disgust	malpractice
malpractice	fear	malpractice
malpractice	joy	malpractice
malpractice	negative	malpractice
malpractice	positive	malpractice
malpractice	sadness	malpractice
malpractice	surprise	malpractice
malpractice	trust	malpractice
precipitous	anger	precipitous
precipitous	anticipation	precipitous
precipitous	disgust	precipitous
precipitous	fear	precipitous
precipitous	joy	precipitous
precipitous	negative	precipitous
precipitous	positive	precipitous
precipitous	sadness	precipitous
precipitous	surprise	precipitous
precipitous	trust	precipitous
inconvenient	anger	inconveniente
inconvenient	anticipation	inconveniente
inconvenient	disgust	inconveniente
inconvenient	fear	inconveniente
inconvenient	joy	inconveniente
inconvenient	negative	inconveniente
inconvenient	positive	inconveniente
inconvenient	sadness	tobillo
inconvenient	surprise	de tobillo
inconvenient	trust	inconveniente
ankle	anger	inconveniente
ankle	anticipation	inconveniente
ankle	disgust	tobillo
ankle	fear	de tobillo
ankle	joy	de tobillo
ankle	negative	de tobillo
ankle	positive	tobillo
ankle	sadness	de tobillo
ankle	surprise	de tobillo
ankle	trust	de tobillo
conflagration	anger	conflagration
conflagration	anticipation	conflagration
conflagration	disgust	conflagration
conflagration	fear	conflagration
conflagration	joy	conflagration
conflagration	negative	conflagration
conflagration	positive	conflagration
conflagration	sadness	conflagration
conflagration	surprise	conflagration
conflagration	trust	conflagration
demonstration	anger	manifestación
demonstration	anticipation	de manifestación
demonstration	disgust	de manifestación
demonstration	fear	de manifestación
demonstration	joy	manifestación
demonstration	negative	de manifestación
demonstration	positive	de manifestación
demonstration	sadness	de manifestación
demonstration	surprise	nebulosa
demonstration	trust	de nebulosa
nebula	anger	de manifestación
nebula	anticipation	de manifestación
nebula	disgust	nebulosa
nebula	fear	de nebulosa
nebula	joy	de nebulosa
nebula	negative	de nebulosa
nebula	positive	nebulosa
nebula	sadness	de nebulosa
nebula	surprise	de nebulosa
nebula	trust	de nebulosa
vocation	anger	vocación
vocation	anticipation	de vocación
vocation	disgust	de vocación
vocation	fear	de vocación
vocation	joy	vocación
vocation	negative	de vocación
vocation	positive	de vocación
vocation	sadness	de vocación
vocation	surprise	vocación
vocation	trust	de vocación
sneer	anger	sneer
sneer	anticipation	sneer
sneer	disgust	sneer
sneer	fear	sneer
sneer	joy	sneer
sneer	negative	sneer
sneer	positive	sneer
sneer	sadness	sneer
sneer	surprise	sneer
sneer	trust	sneer
chiefly	anger	principalmente
chiefly	anticipation	principalmente
chiefly	disgust	principalmente
chiefly	fear	principalmente
chiefly	joy	principalmente
chiefly	negative	principalmente
chiefly	positive	principalmente
chiefly	sadness	principalmente
chiefly	surprise	principalmente
chiefly	trust	principalmente
char	anger	char
char	anticipation	char
char	disgust	char
char	fear	char
char	joy	char
char	negative	char
char	positive	char
char	sadness	char
char	surprise	char
char	trust	char
rollers	anger	rodillos
rollers	anticipation	de rodillos
rollers	disgust	de rodillos
rollers	fear	de rodillos
rollers	joy	rodillos
rollers	negative	de rodillos
rollers	positive	de rodillos
rollers	sadness	de rodillos
rollers	surprise	rodillos
rollers	trust	de rodillos
disinfect	anger	desinfectan
disinfect	anticipation	desinfectar
disinfect	disgust	desinfectar
disinfect	fear	desinfectar
disinfect	joy	desinfectar
disinfect	negative	desinfectar
disinfect	positive	desinfectar
disinfect	sadness	desinfectar
disinfect	surprise	desinfectar
disinfect	trust	desinfectar
manufacture	anger	fabricación
manufacture	anticipation	de fabricación
manufacture	disgust	de fabricación
manufacture	fear	de fabricación
manufacture	joy	fabricación
manufacture	negative	de fabricación
manufacture	positive	de fabricación
manufacture	sadness	de fabricación
manufacture	surprise	cebolla
manufacture	trust	de cebolla
onion	anger	de fabricación
onion	anticipation	de fabricación
onion	disgust	cebolla
onion	fear	de cebolla
onion	joy	de cebolla
onion	negative	de cebolla
onion	positive	cebolla
onion	sadness	de cebolla
onion	surprise	de cebolla
onion	trust	de cebolla
ecliptic	anger	eclíptica
ecliptic	anticipation	de eclíptica
ecliptic	disgust	de eclíptica
ecliptic	fear	de eclíptica
ecliptic	joy	eclíptica
ecliptic	negative	de eclíptica
ecliptic	positive	de eclíptica
ecliptic	sadness	de eclíptica
ecliptic	surprise	eclíptica
ecliptic	trust	de eclíptica
impotent	anger	impotente
impotent	anticipation	impotente
impotent	disgust	impotente
impotent	fear	impotente
impotent	joy	impotente
impotent	negative	impotente
impotent	positive	impotente
impotent	sadness	saber popular
impotent	surprise	de saber popular
impotent	trust	impotente
lore	anger	impotente
lore	anticipation	impotente
lore	disgust	saber popular
lore	fear	de saber popular
lore	joy	de saber popular
lore	negative	de saber popular
lore	positive	saber popular
lore	sadness	de saber popular
lore	surprise	de saber popular
lore	trust	de saber popular
thesis	anger	tesis
thesis	anticipation	de tesis
thesis	disgust	de tesis
thesis	fear	de tesis
thesis	joy	tesis
thesis	negative	de tesis
thesis	positive	de tesis
thesis	sadness	de tesis
thesis	surprise	tesis
thesis	trust	de tesis
hunks	anger	hunks
hunks	anticipation	hunks
hunks	disgust	hunks
hunks	fear	hunks
hunks	joy	hunks
hunks	negative	hunks
hunks	positive	hunks
hunks	sadness	hunks
hunks	surprise	hunks
hunks	trust	hunks
fume	anger	fume
fume	anticipation	fume
fume	disgust	fume
fume	fear	fume
fume	joy	fume
fume	negative	fume
fume	positive	fume
fume	sadness	fume
fume	surprise	fume
fume	trust	fume
sunbeam	anger	sunbeam
sunbeam	anticipation	sunbeam
sunbeam	disgust	sunbeam
sunbeam	fear	sunbeam
sunbeam	joy	sunbeam
sunbeam	negative	sunbeam
sunbeam	positive	sunbeam
sunbeam	sadness	sunbeam
sunbeam	surprise	sunbeam
sunbeam	trust	sunbeam
narrow	anger	estrecho
narrow	anticipation	estrecho
narrow	disgust	estrecho
narrow	fear	estrecho
narrow	joy	estrecho
narrow	negative	estrecho
narrow	positive	estrecho
narrow	sadness	estrecho
narrow	surprise	estrecho
narrow	trust	estrecho
stud	anger	stud
stud	anticipation	stud
stud	disgust	stud
stud	fear	stud
stud	joy	stud
stud	negative	stud
stud	positive	stud
stud	sadness	stud
stud	surprise	stud
stud	trust	stud
mop	anger	mop
mop	anticipation	mop
mop	disgust	mop
mop	fear	mop
mop	joy	mop
mop	negative	mop
mop	positive	mop
mop	sadness	mop
mop	surprise	mop
mop	trust	mop
strata	anger	estratos
strata	anticipation	de estratos
strata	disgust	de estratos
strata	fear	de estratos
strata	joy	estratos
strata	negative	de estratos
strata	positive	de estratos
strata	sadness	de estratos
strata	surprise	copia
strata	trust	de copia
copy	anger	de estratos
copy	anticipation	de estratos
copy	disgust	copia
copy	fear	de copia
copy	joy	de copia
copy	negative	de copia
copy	positive	copia
copy	sadness	de copia
copy	surprise	de copia
copy	trust	de copia
defensive	anger	defensiva
defensive	anticipation	defensivo
defensive	disgust	defensivo
defensive	fear	defensivo
defensive	joy	defensivo
defensive	negative	defensivo
defensive	positive	defensivo
defensive	sadness	insolvencia
defensive	surprise	de insolvencia
defensive	trust	defensiva
insolvency	anger	defensiva
insolvency	anticipation	defensiva
insolvency	disgust	insolvencia
insolvency	fear	de insolvencia
insolvency	joy	de insolvencia
insolvency	negative	de insolvencia
insolvency	positive	insolvencia
insolvency	sadness	de insolvencia
insolvency	surprise	de insolvencia
insolvency	trust	de insolvencia
gratuity	anger	gratuity
gratuity	anticipation	gratuity
gratuity	disgust	gratuity
gratuity	fear	gratuity
gratuity	joy	gratuity
gratuity	negative	gratuity
gratuity	positive	gratuity
gratuity	sadness	gratuity
gratuity	surprise	gratuity
gratuity	trust	gratuity
discord	anger	discordia
discord	anticipation	de discordia
discord	disgust	de discordia
discord	fear	de discordia
discord	joy	discordia
discord	negative	de discordia
discord	positive	de discordia
discord	sadness	de discordia
discord	surprise	amputación
discord	trust	de amputación
amputation	anger	de discordia
amputation	anticipation	de discordia
amputation	disgust	amputación
amputation	fear	de amputación
amputation	joy	de amputación
amputation	negative	de amputación
amputation	positive	amputación
amputation	sadness	de amputación
amputation	surprise	de amputación
amputation	trust	de amputación
arrow	anger	flecha
arrow	anticipation	de flecha
arrow	disgust	de flecha
arrow	fear	de flecha
arrow	joy	flecha
arrow	negative	de flecha
arrow	positive	de flecha
arrow	sadness	de flecha
arrow	surprise	flecha
arrow	trust	de flecha
snicker	anger	snicker
snicker	anticipation	snicker
snicker	disgust	snicker
snicker	fear	snicker
snicker	joy	snicker
snicker	negative	snicker
snicker	positive	snicker
snicker	sadness	snicker
snicker	surprise	snicker
snicker	trust	snicker
dusky	anger	dusky
dusky	anticipation	dusky
dusky	disgust	dusky
dusky	fear	dusky
dusky	joy	dusky
dusky	negative	dusky
dusky	positive	dusky
dusky	sadness	dusky
dusky	surprise	dusky
dusky	trust	dusky
abduction	anger	abducción
abduction	anticipation	de abducción
abduction	disgust	de abducción
abduction	fear	de abducción
abduction	joy	abducción
abduction	negative	de abducción
abduction	positive	de abducción
abduction	sadness	de abducción
abduction	surprise	historiografía
abduction	trust	de historiografía
historiography	anger	de abducción
historiography	anticipation	de abducción
historiography	disgust	historiografía
historiography	fear	de historiografía
historiography	joy	de historiografía
historiography	negative	de historiografía
historiography	positive	historiografía
historiography	sadness	de historiografía
historiography	surprise	de historiografía
historiography	trust	de historiografía
cinch	anger	cinch
cinch	anticipation	cinch
cinch	disgust	cinch
cinch	fear	cinch
cinch	joy	cinch
cinch	negative	cinch
cinch	positive	cinch
cinch	sadness	cinch
cinch	surprise	cinch
cinch	trust	cinch
data	anger	dato
data	anticipation	de dato
data	disgust	de dato
data	fear	de dato
data	joy	dato
data	negative	de dato
data	positive	de dato
data	sadness	de dato
data	surprise	dato
data	trust	de dato
pronouncement	anger	pronouncement
pronouncement	anticipation	pronouncement
pronouncement	disgust	pronouncement
pronouncement	fear	pronouncement
pronouncement	joy	pronouncement
pronouncement	negative	pronouncement
pronouncement	positive	pronouncement
pronouncement	sadness	pronouncement
pronouncement	surprise	pronouncement
pronouncement	trust	pronouncement
highway	anger	carretera
highway	anticipation	de carretera
highway	disgust	de carretera
highway	fear	de carretera
highway	joy	carretera
highway	negative	de carretera
highway	positive	de carretera
highway	sadness	de carretera
highway	surprise	racionalidad
highway	trust	de racionalidad
rationality	anger	de carretera
rationality	anticipation	de carretera
rationality	disgust	racionalidad
rationality	fear	de racionalidad
rationality	joy	de racionalidad
rationality	negative	de racionalidad
rationality	positive	racionalidad
rationality	sadness	de racionalidad
rationality	surprise	de racionalidad
rationality	trust	de racionalidad
archery	anger	archery
archery	anticipation	archery
archery	disgust	archery
archery	fear	archery
archery	joy	archery
archery	negative	archery
archery	positive	archery
archery	sadness	archery
archery	surprise	archery
archery	trust	archery
camouflage	anger	camouflage
camouflage	anticipation	camouflage
camouflage	disgust	camouflage
camouflage	fear	camouflage
camouflage	joy	camouflage
camouflage	negative	camouflage
camouflage	positive	camouflage
camouflage	sadness	camouflage
camouflage	surprise	camouflage
camouflage	trust	camouflage
gust	anger	gust
gust	anticipation	gust
gust	disgust	gust
gust	fear	gust
gust	joy	gust
gust	negative	gust
gust	positive	gust
gust	sadness	gust
gust	surprise	gust
gust	trust	gust
preferential	anger	preferente
preferential	anticipation	preferente
preferential	disgust	preferente
preferential	fear	preferente
preferential	joy	preferente
preferential	negative	preferente
preferential	positive	preferente
preferential	sadness	preferente
preferential	surprise	preferente
preferential	trust	preferente
pirate	anger	pirata
pirate	anticipation	pirata
pirate	disgust	pirata
pirate	fear	pirata
pirate	joy	pirata
pirate	negative	pirata
pirate	positive	pirata
pirate	sadness	pirata
pirate	surprise	pirata
pirate	trust	pirata
chipping	anger	chipping
chipping	anticipation	chipping
chipping	disgust	chipping
chipping	fear	chipping
chipping	joy	chipping
chipping	negative	chipping
chipping	positive	chipping
chipping	sadness	chipping
chipping	surprise	chipping
chipping	trust	chipping
etiquette	anger	etiquette
etiquette	anticipation	etiquette
etiquette	disgust	etiquette
etiquette	fear	etiquette
etiquette	joy	etiquette
etiquette	negative	etiquette
etiquette	positive	etiquette
etiquette	sadness	etiquette
etiquette	surprise	etiquette
etiquette	trust	etiquette
pledged	anger	prometió
pledged	anticipation	prometido
pledged	disgust	prometió
pledged	fear	prometido
pledged	joy	prometió
pledged	negative	prometido
pledged	positive	prometió
pledged	sadness	prometido
pledged	surprise	prometió
pledged	trust	prometido
suckling	anger	amamantando
suckling	anticipation	amamantando
suckling	disgust	amamantando
suckling	fear	amamantando
suckling	joy	amamantando
suckling	negative	amamantando
suckling	positive	amamantando
suckling	sadness	amamantando
suckling	surprise	amamantando
suckling	trust	amamantando
procession	anger	procesión
procession	anticipation	de procesión
procession	disgust	de procesión
procession	fear	de procesión
procession	joy	procesión
procession	negative	de procesión
procession	positive	de procesión
procession	sadness	de procesión
procession	surprise	procesión
procession	trust	de procesión
vega	anger	vega
vega	anticipation	vega
vega	disgust	vega
vega	fear	vega
vega	joy	vega
vega	negative	vega
vega	positive	vega
vega	sadness	vega
vega	surprise	vega
vega	trust	vega
roughness	anger	roughness
roughness	anticipation	roughness
roughness	disgust	roughness
roughness	fear	roughness
roughness	joy	roughness
roughness	negative	roughness
roughness	positive	roughness
roughness	sadness	roughness
roughness	surprise	roughness
roughness	trust	roughness
platoon	anger	platoon
platoon	anticipation	platoon
platoon	disgust	platoon
platoon	fear	platoon
platoon	joy	platoon
platoon	negative	platoon
platoon	positive	platoon
platoon	sadness	platoon
platoon	surprise	platoon
platoon	trust	platoon
vibration	anger	vibración
vibration	anticipation	de vibración
vibration	disgust	de vibración
vibration	fear	de vibración
vibration	joy	vibración
vibration	negative	de vibración
vibration	positive	de vibración
vibration	sadness	de vibración
vibration	surprise	vibración
vibration	trust	de vibración
gallows	anger	gallows
gallows	anticipation	gallows
gallows	disgust	gallows
gallows	fear	gallows
gallows	joy	gallows
gallows	negative	gallows
gallows	positive	gallows
gallows	sadness	gallows
gallows	surprise	gallows
gallows	trust	gallows
hum	anger	hum
hum	anticipation	hum
hum	disgust	hum
hum	fear	hum
hum	joy	hum
hum	negative	hum
hum	positive	hum
hum	sadness	hum
hum	surprise	hum
hum	trust	hum
trawl	anger	trawl
trawl	anticipation	trawl
trawl	disgust	trawl
trawl	fear	trawl
trawl	joy	trawl
trawl	negative	trawl
trawl	positive	trawl
trawl	sadness	trawl
trawl	surprise	trawl
trawl	trust	trawl
intend	anger	pretender
intend	anticipation	pretender
intend	disgust	pretender
intend	fear	pretender
intend	joy	pretender
intend	negative	pretender
intend	positive	pretender
intend	sadness	pretender
intend	surprise	pretender
intend	trust	pretender
swine	anger	porcino
swine	anticipation	porcino
swine	disgust	porcino
swine	fear	porcino
swine	joy	porcino
swine	negative	porcino
swine	positive	porcino
swine	sadness	porcino
swine	surprise	porcino
swine	trust	porcino
repay	anger	repay
repay	anticipation	repay
repay	disgust	repay
repay	fear	repay
repay	joy	repay
repay	negative	repay
repay	positive	repay
repay	sadness	repay
repay	surprise	repay
repay	trust	repay
induction	anger	inducción
induction	anticipation	de inducción
induction	disgust	de inducción
induction	fear	de inducción
induction	joy	inducción
induction	negative	de inducción
induction	positive	de inducción
induction	sadness	de inducción
induction	surprise	inducción
induction	trust	de inducción
depress	anger	deprime
depress	anticipation	deprimir
depress	disgust	deprimir
depress	fear	deprimir
depress	joy	deprimir
depress	negative	deprimir
depress	positive	deprimir
depress	sadness	deprimir
depress	surprise	deprimir
depress	trust	deprimir
existent	anger	existente
existent	anticipation	existente
existent	disgust	existente
existent	fear	existente
existent	joy	existente
existent	negative	existente
existent	positive	existente
existent	sadness	contravención
existent	surprise	de contravención
existent	trust	existente
contravention	anger	existente
contravention	anticipation	existente
contravention	disgust	contravención
contravention	fear	de contravención
contravention	joy	de contravención
contravention	negative	de contravención
contravention	positive	contravención
contravention	sadness	de contravención
contravention	surprise	de contravención
contravention	trust	de contravención
lather	anger	lather
lather	anticipation	lather
lather	disgust	lather
lather	fear	lather
lather	joy	lather
lather	negative	lather
lather	positive	lather
lather	sadness	lather
lather	surprise	lather
lather	trust	lather
usher	anger	usher
usher	anticipation	usher
usher	disgust	usher
usher	fear	usher
usher	joy	usher
usher	negative	usher
usher	positive	usher
usher	sadness	usher
usher	surprise	usher
usher	trust	usher
stylish	anger	stylish
stylish	anticipation	stylish
stylish	disgust	stylish
stylish	fear	stylish
stylish	joy	stylish
stylish	negative	stylish
stylish	positive	stylish
stylish	sadness	stylish
stylish	surprise	stylish
stylish	trust	stylish
hereditary	anger	hereditario
hereditary	anticipation	hereditario
hereditary	disgust	hereditario
hereditary	fear	hereditario
hereditary	joy	hereditario
hereditary	negative	hereditario
hereditary	positive	hereditario
hereditary	sadness	ovación
hereditary	surprise	de ovación
hereditary	trust	hereditaria
ovation	anger	hereditaria
ovation	anticipation	hereditaria
ovation	disgust	ovación
ovation	fear	de ovación
ovation	joy	de ovación
ovation	negative	de ovación
ovation	positive	ovación
ovation	sadness	de ovación
ovation	surprise	de ovación
ovation	trust	de ovación
beehive	anger	colmena
beehive	anticipation	de colmena
beehive	disgust	de colmena
beehive	fear	de colmena
beehive	joy	colmena
beehive	negative	de colmena
beehive	positive	de colmena
beehive	sadness	de colmena
beehive	surprise	colmena
beehive	trust	de colmena
wee	anger	wee
wee	anticipation	wee
wee	disgust	wee
wee	fear	wee
wee	joy	wee
wee	negative	wee
wee	positive	wee
wee	sadness	wee
wee	surprise	wee
wee	trust	wee
topography	anger	topografía
topography	anticipation	de topografía
topography	disgust	de topografía
topography	fear	de topografía
topography	joy	topografía
topography	negative	de topografía
topography	positive	de topografía
topography	sadness	de topografía
topography	surprise	sanguijuela
topography	trust	de sanguijuela
leech	anger	de topografía
leech	anticipation	de topografía
leech	disgust	sanguijuela
leech	fear	de sanguijuela
leech	joy	de sanguijuela
leech	negative	de sanguijuela
leech	positive	sanguijuela
leech	sadness	de sanguijuela
leech	surprise	de sanguijuela
leech	trust	de sanguijuela
dominance	anger	dominance
dominance	anticipation	dominance
dominance	disgust	dominance
dominance	fear	dominance
dominance	joy	dominance
dominance	negative	dominance
dominance	positive	dominance
dominance	sadness	dominance
dominance	surprise	dominance
dominance	trust	dominance
thyme	anger	tomillo
thyme	anticipation	de tomillo
thyme	disgust	de tomillo
thyme	fear	de tomillo
thyme	joy	tomillo
thyme	negative	de tomillo
thyme	positive	de tomillo
thyme	sadness	de tomillo
thyme	surprise	tomillo
thyme	trust	de tomillo
quantitative	anger	cuantitativo
quantitative	anticipation	cuantitativo
quantitative	disgust	cuantitativo
quantitative	fear	cuantitativo
quantitative	joy	cuantitativo
quantitative	negative	cuantitativo
quantitative	positive	cuantitativo
quantitative	sadness	cuantitativo
quantitative	surprise	cuantitativo
quantitative	trust	cuantitativo
immigrant	anger	inmigrante
immigrant	anticipation	inmigrante
immigrant	disgust	inmigrante
immigrant	fear	inmigrante
immigrant	joy	inmigrante
immigrant	negative	inmigrante
immigrant	positive	inmigrante
immigrant	sadness	inmigrante
immigrant	surprise	inmigrante
immigrant	trust	inmigrante
engrossing	anger	engrossing
engrossing	anticipation	engrossing
engrossing	disgust	engrossing
engrossing	fear	engrossing
engrossing	joy	engrossing
engrossing	negative	engrossing
engrossing	positive	engrossing
engrossing	sadness	engrossing
engrossing	surprise	engrossing
engrossing	trust	engrossing
respond	anger	respond
respond	anticipation	respond
respond	disgust	respond
respond	fear	respond
respond	joy	respond
respond	negative	respond
respond	positive	respond
respond	sadness	respond
respond	surprise	respond
respond	trust	respond
surly	anger	surly
surly	anticipation	surly
surly	disgust	surly
surly	fear	surly
surly	joy	surly
surly	negative	surly
surly	positive	surly
surly	sadness	surly
surly	surprise	surly
surly	trust	surly
ruffle	anger	ruffle
ruffle	anticipation	ruffle
ruffle	disgust	ruffle
ruffle	fear	ruffle
ruffle	joy	ruffle
ruffle	negative	ruffle
ruffle	positive	ruffle
ruffle	sadness	ruffle
ruffle	surprise	ruffle
ruffle	trust	ruffle
permitted	anger	permitted
permitted	anticipation	permitted
permitted	disgust	permitted
permitted	fear	permitted
permitted	joy	permitted
permitted	negative	permitted
permitted	positive	permitted
permitted	sadness	permitted
permitted	surprise	permitted
permitted	trust	permitted
woo	anger	woo
woo	anticipation	woo
woo	disgust	woo
woo	fear	woo
woo	joy	woo
woo	negative	woo
woo	positive	woo
woo	sadness	woo
woo	surprise	woo
woo	trust	woo
remoteness	anger	remoteness
remoteness	anticipation	remoteness
remoteness	disgust	remoteness
remoteness	fear	remoteness
remoteness	joy	remoteness
remoteness	negative	remoteness
remoteness	positive	remoteness
remoteness	sadness	remoteness
remoteness	surprise	remoteness
remoteness	trust	remoteness
regret	anger	remordimiento
regret	anticipation	de remordimiento
regret	disgust	de remordimiento
regret	fear	de remordimiento
regret	joy	remordimiento
regret	negative	de remordimiento
regret	positive	de remordimiento
regret	sadness	de remordimiento
regret	surprise	grito
regret	trust	de grito
scream	anger	de remordimiento
scream	anticipation	de remordimiento
scream	disgust	grito
scream	fear	de grito
scream	joy	de grito
scream	negative	de grito
scream	positive	grito
scream	sadness	de grito
scream	surprise	de grito
scream	trust	de grito que
forgiving	anger	perdona
forgiving	anticipation	perdonando
forgiving	disgust	perdonando
forgiving	fear	perdonando
forgiving	joy	perdonando
forgiving	negative	perdonando
forgiving	positive	perdonando
forgiving	sadness	perdonando
forgiving	surprise	perdonando
forgiving	trust	perdonando
sedentary	anger	sedentario
sedentary	anticipation	sedentario
sedentary	disgust	sedentario
sedentary	fear	sedentario
sedentary	joy	sedentario
sedentary	negative	sedentario
sedentary	positive	sedentario
sedentary	sadness	oportunidad
sedentary	surprise	de oportunidad
sedentary	trust	sedentaria
opportunity	anger	sedentaria
opportunity	anticipation	sedentaria
opportunity	disgust	oportunidad
opportunity	fear	de oportunidad
opportunity	joy	de oportunidad
opportunity	negative	de oportunidad
opportunity	positive	oportunidad
opportunity	sadness	de oportunidad
opportunity	surprise	de oportunidad
opportunity	trust	de oportunidad
midwife	anger	matrona
midwife	anticipation	de matrona
midwife	disgust	de matrona
midwife	fear	de matrona
midwife	joy	matrona
midwife	negative	de matrona
midwife	positive	de matrona
midwife	sadness	de matrona
midwife	surprise	matrona
midwife	trust	de matrona
repeal	anger	repeal
repeal	anticipation	repeal
repeal	disgust	repeal
repeal	fear	repeal
repeal	joy	repeal
repeal	negative	repeal
repeal	positive	repeal
repeal	sadness	repeal
repeal	surprise	repeal
repeal	trust	repeal
chest	anger	pecho
chest	anticipation	de pecho
chest	disgust	de pecho
chest	fear	de pecho
chest	joy	pecho
chest	negative	de pecho
chest	positive	de pecho
chest	sadness	de pecho
chest	surprise	pecho
chest	trust	de pecho
hunch	anger	hunch
hunch	anticipation	hunch
hunch	disgust	hunch
hunch	fear	hunch
hunch	joy	hunch
hunch	negative	hunch
hunch	positive	hunch
hunch	sadness	hunch
hunch	surprise	hunch
hunch	trust	hunch
pauper	anger	pauper
pauper	anticipation	pauper
pauper	disgust	pauper
pauper	fear	pauper
pauper	joy	pauper
pauper	negative	pauper
pauper	positive	pauper
pauper	sadness	pauper
pauper	surprise	pauper
pauper	trust	pauper
corrosive	anger	corrosive
corrosive	anticipation	corrosive
corrosive	disgust	corrosive
corrosive	fear	corrosive
corrosive	joy	corrosive
corrosive	negative	corrosive
corrosive	positive	corrosive
corrosive	sadness	corrosive
corrosive	surprise	corrosive
corrosive	trust	corrosive
ingot	anger	lingote
ingot	anticipation	de lingote
ingot	disgust	de lingote
ingot	fear	de lingote
ingot	joy	lingote
ingot	negative	de lingote
ingot	positive	de lingote
ingot	sadness	de lingote
ingot	surprise	lingote
ingot	trust	de lingote
instrumental	anger	instrumental
instrumental	anticipation	instrumental
instrumental	disgust	instrumental
instrumental	fear	instrumental
instrumental	joy	instrumental
instrumental	negative	instrumental
instrumental	positive	instrumental
instrumental	sadness	consola
instrumental	surprise	de consola
instrumental	trust	instrumental
console	anger	instrumental
console	anticipation	instrumental
console	disgust	consola
console	fear	de consola
console	joy	de consola
console	negative	de consola
console	positive	consola
console	sadness	de consola
console	surprise	de consola
console	trust	de consola
difference	anger	diferencia
difference	anticipation	de diferencia
difference	disgust	de diferencia
difference	fear	de diferencia
difference	joy	diferencia
difference	negative	de diferencia
difference	positive	de diferencia
difference	sadness	de diferencia
difference	surprise	diferencia
difference	trust	de diferencia
venom	anger	venom
venom	anticipation	venom
venom	disgust	venom
venom	fear	venom
venom	joy	venom
venom	negative	venom
venom	positive	venom
venom	sadness	venom
venom	surprise	venom
venom	trust	venom
poultry	anger	poultry
poultry	anticipation	poultry
poultry	disgust	poultry
poultry	fear	poultry
poultry	joy	poultry
poultry	negative	poultry
poultry	positive	poultry
poultry	sadness	poultry
poultry	surprise	poultry
poultry	trust	poultry
condensed	anger	condensado
condensed	anticipation	condensado
condensed	disgust	condensado
condensed	fear	condensado
condensed	joy	condensado
condensed	negative	condensado
condensed	positive	condensado
condensed	sadness	condensado
condensed	surprise	condensado
condensed	trust	condensado
pave	anger	adoquinar
pave	anticipation	adoquinar
pave	disgust	adoquinar
pave	fear	adoquinar
pave	joy	adoquinar
pave	negative	adoquinar
pave	positive	adoquinar
pave	sadness	adoquinar
pave	surprise	adoquinar
pave	trust	adoquinar
ghastly	anger	horroroso
ghastly	anticipation	horroroso
ghastly	disgust	horroroso
ghastly	fear	horroroso
ghastly	joy	horroroso
ghastly	negative	horroroso
ghastly	positive	horroroso
ghastly	sadness	enunciación
ghastly	surprise	de enunciación
ghastly	trust	horrorosa
utterance	anger	horrorosa
utterance	anticipation	horrorosa
utterance	disgust	enunciación
utterance	fear	de enunciación
utterance	joy	de enunciación
utterance	negative	de enunciación
utterance	positive	enunciación
utterance	sadness	de enunciación
utterance	surprise	de enunciación
utterance	trust	de enunciación
nonsense	anger	barbaridad
nonsense	anticipation	de barbaridad
nonsense	disgust	de barbaridad
nonsense	fear	de barbaridad
nonsense	joy	barbaridad
nonsense	negative	de barbaridad
nonsense	positive	de barbaridad
nonsense	sadness	de barbaridad
nonsense	surprise	oveja
nonsense	trust	de oveja
sheep	anger	de barbaridad
sheep	anticipation	de barbaridad
sheep	disgust	oveja
sheep	fear	de oveja
sheep	joy	de oveja
sheep	negative	de oveja
sheep	positive	oveja
sheep	sadness	de oveja
sheep	surprise	de oveja
sheep	trust	de oveja
crossing	anger	cruce
crossing	anticipation	de cruce
crossing	disgust	de cruce
crossing	fear	de cruce
crossing	joy	cruce
crossing	negative	de cruce
crossing	positive	de cruce
crossing	sadness	de cruce
crossing	surprise	el cruce que
crossing	trust	cruza
wave	anger	ondulatorio
wave	anticipation	ondulatorio
wave	disgust	ondulatorio
wave	fear	ondulatorio
wave	joy	ondulatorio
wave	negative	ondulatorio
wave	positive	ondulatorio
wave	sadness	ondulatorio
wave	surprise	ondulatorio
wave	trust	ondulatorio
theological	anger	teológico
theological	anticipation	teológico
theological	disgust	teológico
theological	fear	teológico
theological	joy	teológico
theological	negative	teológico
theological	positive	teológico
theological	sadness	cupón
theological	surprise	de cupón
theological	trust	teológico
coupon	anger	teológico
coupon	anticipation	teológico
coupon	disgust	cupón
coupon	fear	de cupón
coupon	joy	de cupón
coupon	negative	de cupón
coupon	positive	cupón
coupon	sadness	de cupón
coupon	surprise	de cupón
coupon	trust	de cupón
hissing	anger	hissing
hissing	anticipation	hissing
hissing	disgust	hissing
hissing	fear	hissing
hissing	joy	hissing
hissing	negative	hissing
hissing	positive	hissing
hissing	sadness	hissing
hissing	surprise	hissing
hissing	trust	hissing
protect	anger	proteger
protect	anticipation	proteger
protect	disgust	proteger
protect	fear	proteger
protect	joy	proteger
protect	negative	proteger
protect	positive	proteger
protect	sadness	proteger
protect	surprise	proteger
protect	trust	proteger
compassionate	anger	compasivo
compassionate	anticipation	compasivo
compassionate	disgust	compasivo
compassionate	fear	compasivo
compassionate	joy	compasivo
compassionate	negative	compasivo
compassionate	positive	compasivo
compassionate	sadness	compasivo
compassionate	surprise	compasivo
compassionate	trust	compasivo
merciful	anger	merciful
merciful	anticipation	merciful
merciful	disgust	merciful
merciful	fear	merciful
merciful	joy	merciful
merciful	negative	merciful
merciful	positive	merciful
merciful	sadness	merciful
merciful	surprise	merciful
merciful	trust	merciful
handbook	anger	manual
handbook	anticipation	de manual
handbook	disgust	de manual
handbook	fear	de manual
handbook	joy	manual
handbook	negative	de manual
handbook	positive	de manual
handbook	sadness	de manual
handbook	surprise	manual
handbook	trust	de manual
statutory	anger	estatutario
statutory	anticipation	estatutario
statutory	disgust	estatutario
statutory	fear	estatutario
statutory	joy	estatutario
statutory	negative	estatutario
statutory	positive	estatutario
statutory	sadness	estatutario
statutory	surprise	estatutario
statutory	trust	estatutario
disallow	anger	disallow
disallow	anticipation	disallow
disallow	disgust	disallow
disallow	fear	disallow
disallow	joy	disallow
disallow	negative	disallow
disallow	positive	disallow
disallow	sadness	disallow
disallow	surprise	disallow
disallow	trust	disallow
strand	anger	hebra
strand	anticipation	de hebra
strand	disgust	de hebra
strand	fear	de hebra
strand	joy	hebra
strand	negative	de hebra
strand	positive	de hebra
strand	sadness	de hebra
strand	surprise	hebra
strand	trust	de hebra
follicular	anger	folicular
follicular	anticipation	folicular
follicular	disgust	folicular
follicular	fear	folicular
follicular	joy	folicular
follicular	negative	folicular
follicular	positive	folicular
follicular	sadness	punto de vista
follicular	surprise	de punto de vista
follicular	trust	folicular
outlook	anger	folicular
outlook	anticipation	folicular
outlook	disgust	punto de vista
outlook	fear	de punto de vista
outlook	joy	de punto de vista
outlook	negative	de punto de vista
outlook	positive	punto de vista
outlook	sadness	de punto de vista
outlook	surprise	de punto de vista
outlook	trust	de punto de vista
collectively	anger	en conjunto
collectively	anticipation	en conjunto
collectively	disgust	en conjunto
collectively	fear	en conjunto
collectively	joy	en conjunto
collectively	negative	en conjunto
collectively	positive	en conjunto
collectively	sadness	en conjunto
collectively	surprise	en conjunto
collectively	trust	en conjunto
nadir	anger	nadir
nadir	anticipation	de nadir
nadir	disgust	de nadir
nadir	fear	de nadir
nadir	joy	nadir
nadir	negative	de nadir
nadir	positive	de nadir
nadir	sadness	de nadir
nadir	surprise	nadir
nadir	trust	de nadir
ascertain	anger	constata
ascertain	anticipation	constatar
ascertain	disgust	constatar
ascertain	fear	constatar
ascertain	joy	constatar
ascertain	negative	constatar
ascertain	positive	constatar
ascertain	sadness	constatar
ascertain	surprise	constatar
ascertain	trust	constatar
instrument	anger	instrumento
instrument	anticipation	de instrumento
instrument	disgust	de instrumento
instrument	fear	de instrumento
instrument	joy	instrumento
instrument	negative	de instrumento
instrument	positive	de instrumento
instrument	sadness	de instrumento
instrument	surprise	instrumento
instrument	trust	de instrumento
litigate	anger	pelea
litigate	anticipation	pelear
litigate	disgust	pelear
litigate	fear	pelear
litigate	joy	pelear
litigate	negative	pelear
litigate	positive	pelear
litigate	sadness	pelear
litigate	surprise	pelear
litigate	trust	pelear
unseen	anger	oculto
unseen	anticipation	oculto
unseen	disgust	oculto
unseen	fear	oculto
unseen	joy	oculto
unseen	negative	oculto
unseen	positive	oculto
unseen	sadness	oculto
unseen	surprise	oculto
unseen	trust	oculto
hone	anger	hone
hone	anticipation	hone
hone	disgust	hone
hone	fear	hone
hone	joy	hone
hone	negative	hone
hone	positive	hone
hone	sadness	hone
hone	surprise	hone
hone	trust	hone
attainment	anger	logro
attainment	anticipation	de logro
attainment	disgust	de logro
attainment	fear	de logro
attainment	joy	logro
attainment	negative	de logro
attainment	positive	de logro
attainment	sadness	de logro
attainment	surprise	logro
attainment	trust	de logro que
telling	anger	dice
telling	anticipation	diciendo
telling	disgust	diciendo
telling	fear	diciendo
telling	joy	diciendo
telling	negative	diciendo
telling	positive	diciendo
telling	sadness	diciendo
telling	surprise	diciendo
telling	trust	diciendo
overestimated	anger	overestimated
overestimated	anticipation	overestimated
overestimated	disgust	overestimated
overestimated	fear	overestimated
overestimated	joy	overestimated
overestimated	negative	overestimated
overestimated	positive	overestimated
overestimated	sadness	overestimated
overestimated	surprise	overestimated
overestimated	trust	overestimated
ballot	anger	ballot
ballot	anticipation	ballot
ballot	disgust	ballot
ballot	fear	ballot
ballot	joy	ballot
ballot	negative	ballot
ballot	positive	ballot
ballot	sadness	ballot
ballot	surprise	ballot
ballot	trust	ballot
maid	anger	sirvienta
maid	anticipation	de sirvienta
maid	disgust	de sirvienta
maid	fear	de sirvienta
maid	joy	sirvienta
maid	negative	de sirvienta
maid	positive	de sirvienta
maid	sadness	de sirvienta
maid	surprise	sirvienta
maid	trust	de sirvienta que
booking	anger	reserva
booking	anticipation	reservando
booking	disgust	reservando
booking	fear	reservando
booking	joy	reservando
booking	negative	reservando
booking	positive	reservando
booking	sadness	reservando
booking	surprise	reservando
booking	trust	reservando
thud	anger	thud
thud	anticipation	thud
thud	disgust	thud
thud	fear	thud
thud	joy	thud
thud	negative	thud
thud	positive	thud
thud	sadness	thud
thud	surprise	thud
thud	trust	thud
lithe	anger	lithe
lithe	anticipation	lithe
lithe	disgust	lithe
lithe	fear	lithe
lithe	joy	lithe
lithe	negative	lithe
lithe	positive	lithe
lithe	sadness	lithe
lithe	surprise	lithe
lithe	trust	lithe
bugaboo	anger	bugaboo
bugaboo	anticipation	bugaboo
bugaboo	disgust	bugaboo
bugaboo	fear	bugaboo
bugaboo	joy	bugaboo
bugaboo	negative	bugaboo
bugaboo	positive	bugaboo
bugaboo	sadness	bugaboo
bugaboo	surprise	bugaboo
bugaboo	trust	bugaboo
steep	anger	empinado
steep	anticipation	empinado
steep	disgust	empinado
steep	fear	empinado
steep	joy	empinado
steep	negative	empinado
steep	positive	empinado
steep	sadness	empinado
steep	surprise	empinado
steep	trust	empinado
philanthropy	anger	philanthropy
philanthropy	anticipation	philanthropy
philanthropy	disgust	philanthropy
philanthropy	fear	philanthropy
philanthropy	joy	philanthropy
philanthropy	negative	philanthropy
philanthropy	positive	philanthropy
philanthropy	sadness	philanthropy
philanthropy	surprise	philanthropy
philanthropy	trust	philanthropy
vestige	anger	vestige
vestige	anticipation	vestige
vestige	disgust	vestige
vestige	fear	vestige
vestige	joy	vestige
vestige	negative	vestige
vestige	positive	vestige
vestige	sadness	vestige
vestige	surprise	vestige
vestige	trust	vestige
nuisance	anger	estorbo
nuisance	anticipation	de estorbo
nuisance	disgust	de estorbo
nuisance	fear	de estorbo
nuisance	joy	estorbo
nuisance	negative	de estorbo
nuisance	positive	de estorbo
nuisance	sadness	de estorbo
nuisance	surprise	estorbo
nuisance	trust	de estorbo
promote	anger	promueve
promote	anticipation	promover
promote	disgust	promover
promote	fear	promover
promote	joy	promover
promote	negative	promover
promote	positive	promover
promote	sadness	promover
promote	surprise	promover
promote	trust	promover
bagpipes	anger	gaitas
bagpipes	anticipation	de gaitas
bagpipes	disgust	de gaitas
bagpipes	fear	de gaitas
bagpipes	joy	gaitas
bagpipes	negative	de gaitas
bagpipes	positive	de gaitas
bagpipes	sadness	de gaitas
bagpipes	surprise	gaitas
bagpipes	trust	de gaitas
guru	anger	guru
guru	anticipation	guru
guru	disgust	guru
guru	fear	guru
guru	joy	guru
guru	negative	guru
guru	positive	guru
guru	sadness	guru
guru	surprise	guru
guru	trust	guru
skilled	anger	especializados
skilled	anticipation	especializados
skilled	disgust	especializados
skilled	fear	especializados
skilled	joy	especializados
skilled	negative	especializados
skilled	positive	especializados
skilled	sadness	especializados
skilled	surprise	especializados
skilled	trust	especializados
tier	anger	tier
tier	anticipation	tier
tier	disgust	tier
tier	fear	tier
tier	joy	tier
tier	negative	tier
tier	positive	tier
tier	sadness	tier
tier	surprise	tier
tier	trust	tier
buckle	anger	buckle
buckle	anticipation	buckle
buckle	disgust	buckle
buckle	fear	buckle
buckle	joy	buckle
buckle	negative	buckle
buckle	positive	buckle
buckle	sadness	buckle
buckle	surprise	buckle
buckle	trust	buckle
essence	anger	esencia
essence	anticipation	de esencia
essence	disgust	de esencia
essence	fear	de esencia
essence	joy	esencia
essence	negative	de esencia
essence	positive	de esencia
essence	sadness	de esencia
essence	surprise	gnomo
essence	trust	de gnomo
gnome	anger	de esencia
gnome	anticipation	de esencia
gnome	disgust	gnomo
gnome	fear	de gnomo
gnome	joy	de gnomo
gnome	negative	de gnomo
gnome	positive	gnomo
gnome	sadness	de gnomo
gnome	surprise	de gnomo
gnome	trust	de gnomo
quasi	anger	quasi
quasi	anticipation	quasi
quasi	disgust	quasi
quasi	fear	quasi
quasi	joy	quasi
quasi	negative	quasi
quasi	positive	quasi
quasi	sadness	quasi
quasi	surprise	quasi
quasi	trust	quasi
munch	anger	munch
munch	anticipation	munch
munch	disgust	munch
munch	fear	munch
munch	joy	munch
munch	negative	munch
munch	positive	munch
munch	sadness	munch
munch	surprise	munch
munch	trust	munch
composed	anger	compuso
composed	anticipation	compuesto
composed	disgust	compuso
composed	fear	compuesto
composed	joy	compuso
composed	negative	compuesto
composed	positive	compuso
composed	sadness	compuesto
composed	surprise	compuso
composed	trust	compuesto
vital	anger	vital
vital	anticipation	vital
vital	disgust	vital
vital	fear	vital
vital	joy	vital
vital	negative	vital
vital	positive	vital
vital	sadness	vital
vital	surprise	vital
vital	trust	vital
lighten	anger	aligerar
lighten	anticipation	aligerar
lighten	disgust	aligerar
lighten	fear	aligerar
lighten	joy	aligerar
lighten	negative	aligerar
lighten	positive	aligerar
lighten	sadness	aligerar
lighten	surprise	aligerar
lighten	trust	aligerar
ammonia	anger	amoníaco
ammonia	anticipation	de amoníaco
ammonia	disgust	de amoníaco
ammonia	fear	de amoníaco
ammonia	joy	amoníaco
ammonia	negative	de amoníaco
ammonia	positive	de amoníaco
ammonia	sadness	de amoníaco
ammonia	surprise	mamá
ammonia	trust	de mamá
mum	anger	de amoníaco
mum	anticipation	de amoníaco
mum	disgust	mamá
mum	fear	de mamá
mum	joy	de mamá
mum	negative	de mamá
mum	positive	mamá
mum	sadness	de mamá
mum	surprise	de mamá
mum	trust	de mamá
cutaneous	anger	cutánea
cutaneous	anticipation	cutáneo
cutaneous	disgust	cutáneo
cutaneous	fear	cutáneo
cutaneous	joy	cutáneo
cutaneous	negative	cutáneo
cutaneous	positive	cutáneo
cutaneous	sadness	cutáneo
cutaneous	surprise	cutáneo
cutaneous	trust	cutáneo
suffice	anger	bastar
suffice	anticipation	bastar
suffice	disgust	bastar
suffice	fear	bastar
suffice	joy	bastar
suffice	negative	bastar
suffice	positive	bastar
suffice	sadness	bastar
suffice	surprise	bastar
suffice	trust	bastar
retract	anger	retract
retract	anticipation	retract
retract	disgust	retract
retract	fear	retract
retract	joy	retract
retract	negative	retract
retract	positive	retract
retract	sadness	retract
retract	surprise	retract
retract	trust	retract
extradition	anger	extradición
extradition	anticipation	de extradición
extradition	disgust	de extradición
extradition	fear	de extradición
extradition	joy	extradición
extradition	negative	de extradición
extradition	positive	de extradición
extradition	sadness	de extradición
extradition	surprise	abstinencia
extradition	trust	de abstinencia
abstinence	anger	de extradición
abstinence	anticipation	de extradición
abstinence	disgust	abstinencia
abstinence	fear	de abstinencia
abstinence	joy	de abstinencia
abstinence	negative	de abstinencia
abstinence	positive	abstinencia
abstinence	sadness	de abstinencia
abstinence	surprise	de abstinencia
abstinence	trust	de abstinencia
superintendent	anger	superintendent
superintendent	anticipation	superintendent
superintendent	disgust	superintendent
superintendent	fear	superintendent
superintendent	joy	superintendent
superintendent	negative	superintendent
superintendent	positive	superintendent
superintendent	sadness	superintendent
superintendent	surprise	superintendent
superintendent	trust	superintendent
exam	anger	examen
exam	anticipation	de examen
exam	disgust	de examen
exam	fear	de examen
exam	joy	examen
exam	negative	de examen
exam	positive	de examen
exam	sadness	de examen
exam	surprise	examen
exam	trust	de examen
undermined	anger	socavó
undermined	anticipation	socavado
undermined	disgust	socavó
undermined	fear	socavado
undermined	joy	socavó
undermined	negative	socavado
undermined	positive	socavó
undermined	sadness	socavado
undermined	surprise	socavó
undermined	trust	socavado
curved	anger	torció
curved	anticipation	torcido
curved	disgust	torció
curved	fear	torcido
curved	joy	torció
curved	negative	torcido
curved	positive	torció
curved	sadness	torcido
curved	surprise	torció
curved	trust	torcido
innocent	anger	inocente
innocent	anticipation	inocente
innocent	disgust	inocente
innocent	fear	inocente
innocent	joy	inocente
innocent	negative	inocente
innocent	positive	inocente
innocent	sadness	inocente
innocent	surprise	inocente
innocent	trust	inocente
matriculation	anger	matriculation
matriculation	anticipation	matriculation
matriculation	disgust	matriculation
matriculation	fear	matriculation
matriculation	joy	matriculation
matriculation	negative	matriculation
matriculation	positive	matriculation
matriculation	sadness	matriculation
matriculation	surprise	matriculation
matriculation	trust	matriculation
homework	anger	deberes
homework	anticipation	de deberes
homework	disgust	de deberes
homework	fear	de deberes
homework	joy	deberes
homework	negative	de deberes
homework	positive	de deberes
homework	sadness	de deberes
homework	surprise	prohibición
homework	trust	de prohibición
ban	anger	de deberes
ban	anticipation	de deberes
ban	disgust	prohibición
ban	fear	de prohibición
ban	joy	de prohibición
ban	negative	de prohibición
ban	positive	prohibición
ban	sadness	de prohibición
ban	surprise	de prohibición
ban	trust	de prohibición
undisturbed	anger	undisturbed
undisturbed	anticipation	undisturbed
undisturbed	disgust	undisturbed
undisturbed	fear	undisturbed
undisturbed	joy	undisturbed
undisturbed	negative	undisturbed
undisturbed	positive	undisturbed
undisturbed	sadness	undisturbed
undisturbed	surprise	undisturbed
undisturbed	trust	undisturbed
myopic	anger	myopic
myopic	anticipation	myopic
myopic	disgust	myopic
myopic	fear	myopic
myopic	joy	myopic
myopic	negative	myopic
myopic	positive	myopic
myopic	sadness	myopic
myopic	surprise	myopic
myopic	trust	myopic
snort	anger	resoplar
snort	anticipation	resoplar
snort	disgust	resoplar
snort	fear	resoplar
snort	joy	resoplar
snort	negative	resoplar
snort	positive	resoplar
snort	sadness	resoplar
snort	surprise	resoplar
snort	trust	resoplar
scour	anger	registrar
scour	anticipation	registrar
scour	disgust	registrar
scour	fear	registrar
scour	joy	registrar
scour	negative	registrar
scour	positive	registrar
scour	sadness	registrar
scour	surprise	registrar
scour	trust	registrar
prospective	anger	probable
prospective	anticipation	probable
prospective	disgust	probable
prospective	fear	probable
prospective	joy	probable
prospective	negative	probable
prospective	positive	probable
prospective	sadness	aliado
prospective	surprise	de aliado
prospective	trust	probable
ally	anger	probable
ally	anticipation	probable
ally	disgust	aliado
ally	fear	de aliado
ally	joy	de aliado
ally	negative	de aliado
ally	positive	aliado
ally	sadness	de aliado
ally	surprise	de aliado
ally	trust	de aliado
nose	anger	nariz
nose	anticipation	de nariz
nose	disgust	de nariz
nose	fear	de nariz
nose	joy	nariz
nose	negative	de nariz
nose	positive	de nariz
nose	sadness	de nariz
nose	surprise	nariz
nose	trust	de nariz
putty	anger	putty
putty	anticipation	putty
putty	disgust	putty
putty	fear	putty
putty	joy	putty
putty	negative	putty
putty	positive	putty
putty	sadness	putty
putty	surprise	putty
putty	trust	putty
communication	anger	comunicación
communication	anticipation	de comunicación
communication	disgust	de comunicación
communication	fear	de comunicación
communication	joy	comunicación
communication	negative	de comunicación
communication	positive	de comunicación
communication	sadness	de comunicación
communication	surprise	comunicación
communication	trust	de comunicación
penultimate	anger	penúltima
penultimate	anticipation	penúltimo
penultimate	disgust	penúltimo
penultimate	fear	penúltimo
penultimate	joy	penúltimo
penultimate	negative	penúltimo
penultimate	positive	penúltimo
penultimate	sadness	neuralgia
penultimate	surprise	de neuralgia
penultimate	trust	penúltima
neuralgia	anger	penúltima
neuralgia	anticipation	penúltima
neuralgia	disgust	neuralgia
neuralgia	fear	de neuralgia
neuralgia	joy	de neuralgia
neuralgia	negative	de neuralgia
neuralgia	positive	neuralgia
neuralgia	sadness	de neuralgia
neuralgia	surprise	de neuralgia
neuralgia	trust	de neuralgia
enhance	anger	realza
enhance	anticipation	realzar
enhance	disgust	realzar
enhance	fear	realzar
enhance	joy	realzar
enhance	negative	realzar
enhance	positive	realzar
enhance	sadness	realzar
enhance	surprise	realzar
enhance	trust	realzar
notoriety	anger	notoriedad
notoriety	anticipation	de notoriedad
notoriety	disgust	de notoriedad
notoriety	fear	de notoriedad
notoriety	joy	notoriedad
notoriety	negative	de notoriedad
notoriety	positive	de notoriedad
notoriety	sadness	de notoriedad
notoriety	surprise	conclusión
notoriety	trust	de conclusión
conclusion	anger	de notoriedad
conclusion	anticipation	de notoriedad
conclusion	disgust	conclusión
conclusion	fear	de conclusión
conclusion	joy	de conclusión
conclusion	negative	de conclusión
conclusion	positive	conclusión
conclusion	sadness	de conclusión
conclusion	surprise	de conclusión
conclusion	trust	de conclusión
expensive	anger	cara
expensive	anticipation	caro
expensive	disgust	caro
expensive	fear	caro
expensive	joy	caro
expensive	negative	caro
expensive	positive	caro
expensive	sadness	caro
expensive	surprise	caro
expensive	trust	caro
fudge	anger	fudge
fudge	anticipation	fudge
fudge	disgust	fudge
fudge	fear	fudge
fudge	joy	fudge
fudge	negative	fudge
fudge	positive	fudge
fudge	sadness	fudge
fudge	surprise	fudge
fudge	trust	fudge
navigable	anger	navegable
navigable	anticipation	navegable
navigable	disgust	navegable
navigable	fear	navegable
navigable	joy	navegable
navigable	negative	navegable
navigable	positive	navegable
navigable	sadness	navegable
navigable	surprise	navegable
navigable	trust	navegable
semiotics	anger	semiotics
semiotics	anticipation	semiotics
semiotics	disgust	semiotics
semiotics	fear	semiotics
semiotics	joy	semiotics
semiotics	negative	semiotics
semiotics	positive	semiotics
semiotics	sadness	semiotics
semiotics	surprise	semiotics
semiotics	trust	semiotics
mule	anger	mula
mule	anticipation	de mula
mule	disgust	de mula
mule	fear	de mula
mule	joy	mula
mule	negative	de mula
mule	positive	de mula
mule	sadness	de mula
mule	surprise	latitud
mule	trust	de latitud
latitude	anger	de mula
latitude	anticipation	de mula
latitude	disgust	latitud
latitude	fear	de latitud
latitude	joy	de latitud
latitude	negative	de latitud
latitude	positive	latitud
latitude	sadness	de latitud
latitude	surprise	de latitud
latitude	trust	de latitud
stipulation	anger	estipulación
stipulation	anticipation	de estipulación
stipulation	disgust	de estipulación
stipulation	fear	de estipulación
stipulation	joy	estipulación
stipulation	negative	de estipulación
stipulation	positive	de estipulación
stipulation	sadness	de estipulación
stipulation	surprise	impaciencia
stipulation	trust	de impaciencia
impatience	anger	de estipulación
impatience	anticipation	de estipulación
impatience	disgust	impaciencia
impatience	fear	de impaciencia
impatience	joy	de impaciencia
impatience	negative	de impaciencia
impatience	positive	impaciencia
impatience	sadness	de impaciencia
impatience	surprise	de impaciencia
impatience	trust	de impaciencia
externally	anger	externally
externally	anticipation	externally
externally	disgust	externally
externally	fear	externally
externally	joy	externally
externally	negative	externally
externally	positive	externally
externally	sadness	externally
externally	surprise	externally
externally	trust	externally
punished	anger	castigó
punished	anticipation	castigado
punished	disgust	castigó
punished	fear	castigado
punished	joy	castigó
punished	negative	castigado
punished	positive	castigó
punished	sadness	castigado
punished	surprise	castigó
punished	trust	tinte
dye	anger	de tinte
dye	anticipation	de tinte
dye	disgust	castigado
dye	fear	tinte
dye	joy	de tinte
dye	negative	de tinte
dye	positive	de tinte
dye	sadness	ajo
dye	surprise	de tinte
dye	trust	de tinte
garlic	anger	de tinte
garlic	anticipation	ajo
garlic	disgust	de ajo
garlic	fear	de ajo
garlic	joy	de ajo
garlic	negative	ajo
garlic	positive	de ajo
garlic	sadness	de ajo
garlic	surprise	de ajo
garlic	trust	ajo
woodcut	anger	woodcut
woodcut	anticipation	woodcut
woodcut	disgust	woodcut
woodcut	fear	woodcut
woodcut	joy	woodcut
woodcut	negative	woodcut
woodcut	positive	woodcut
woodcut	sadness	woodcut
woodcut	surprise	woodcut
woodcut	trust	woodcut
unwillingly	anger	a disgusto
unwillingly	anticipation	a disgusto
unwillingly	disgust	a disgusto
unwillingly	fear	a disgusto
unwillingly	joy	a disgusto
unwillingly	negative	a disgusto
unwillingly	positive	a disgusto
unwillingly	sadness	a disgusto
unwillingly	surprise	a disgusto
unwillingly	trust	a disgusto
flier	anger	flier
flier	anticipation	flier
flier	disgust	flier
flier	fear	flier
flier	joy	flier
flier	negative	flier
flier	positive	flier
flier	sadness	flier
flier	surprise	flier
flier	trust	flier
brew	anger	brew
brew	anticipation	brew
brew	disgust	brew
brew	fear	brew
brew	joy	brew
brew	negative	brew
brew	positive	brew
brew	sadness	brew
brew	surprise	brew
brew	trust	brew
grit	anger	grit
grit	anticipation	grit
grit	disgust	grit
grit	fear	grit
grit	joy	grit
grit	negative	grit
grit	positive	grit
grit	sadness	grit
grit	surprise	grit
grit	trust	grit
halt	anger	parar
halt	anticipation	parar
halt	disgust	parar
halt	fear	parar
halt	joy	parar
halt	negative	parar
halt	positive	parar
halt	sadness	parar
halt	surprise	parar
halt	trust	parar
boisterous	anger	boisterous
boisterous	anticipation	boisterous
boisterous	disgust	boisterous
boisterous	fear	boisterous
boisterous	joy	boisterous
boisterous	negative	boisterous
boisterous	positive	boisterous
boisterous	sadness	boisterous
boisterous	surprise	boisterous
boisterous	trust	boisterous
forked	anger	se bifurcó
forked	anticipation	bifurcado
forked	disgust	se bifurcó
forked	fear	bifurcado
forked	joy	se bifurcó
forked	negative	bifurcado
forked	positive	se bifurcó
forked	sadness	bifurcado
forked	surprise	se bifurcó
forked	trust	invasión
invasion	anger	de invasión
invasion	anticipation	de invasión
invasion	disgust	bifurcada
invasion	fear	invasión
invasion	joy	de invasión
invasion	negative	de invasión
invasion	positive	de invasión
invasion	sadness	inicio
invasion	surprise	de invasión
invasion	trust	de invasión
start	anger	de invasión
start	anticipation	inicio
start	disgust	de inicio
start	fear	de inicio
start	joy	de inicio
start	negative	inicio
start	positive	de inicio
start	sadness	de inicio
start	surprise	de inicio
start	trust	el inicio
variable	anger	variable
variable	anticipation	variable
variable	disgust	variable
variable	fear	variable
variable	joy	variable
variable	negative	variable
variable	positive	variable
variable	sadness	variable
variable	surprise	variable
variable	trust	variable
wrinkle	anger	wrinkle
wrinkle	anticipation	wrinkle
wrinkle	disgust	wrinkle
wrinkle	fear	wrinkle
wrinkle	joy	wrinkle
wrinkle	negative	wrinkle
wrinkle	positive	wrinkle
wrinkle	sadness	wrinkle
wrinkle	surprise	wrinkle
wrinkle	trust	wrinkle
cutting	anger	tajante
cutting	anticipation	tajante
cutting	disgust	tajante
cutting	fear	tajante
cutting	joy	tajante
cutting	negative	tajante
cutting	positive	tajante
cutting	sadness	tajante
cutting	surprise	tajante
cutting	trust	tajante
resent	anger	molestarse
resent	anticipation	molestarse
resent	disgust	molestarse
resent	fear	molestarse
resent	joy	molestarse
resent	negative	molestarse
resent	positive	molestarse
resent	sadness	molestarse
resent	surprise	molestarse
resent	trust	molestarse
ending	anger	acabando
ending	anticipation	final
ending	disgust	de final
ending	fear	de final
ending	joy	de final
ending	negative	final
ending	positive	de final
ending	sadness	de final
ending	surprise	de final que
ending	trust	acaba
lagging	anger	lagging
lagging	anticipation	lagging
lagging	disgust	lagging
lagging	fear	lagging
lagging	joy	lagging
lagging	negative	lagging
lagging	positive	lagging
lagging	sadness	lagging
lagging	surprise	lagging
lagging	trust	lagging
patriotic	anger	patriótico
patriotic	anticipation	patriótico
patriotic	disgust	patriótico
patriotic	fear	patriótico
patriotic	joy	patriótico
patriotic	negative	patriótico
patriotic	positive	patriótico
patriotic	sadness	culpabilidad
patriotic	surprise	de culpabilidad
patriotic	trust	patriótica
culpability	anger	patriótica
culpability	anticipation	patriótica
culpability	disgust	culpabilidad
culpability	fear	de culpabilidad
culpability	joy	de culpabilidad
culpability	negative	de culpabilidad
culpability	positive	culpabilidad
culpability	sadness	de culpabilidad
culpability	surprise	de culpabilidad
culpability	trust	de culpabilidad
disqualify	anger	descalifica
disqualify	anticipation	descalificar
disqualify	disgust	descalificar
disqualify	fear	descalificar
disqualify	joy	descalificar
disqualify	negative	descalificar
disqualify	positive	descalificar
disqualify	sadness	descalificar
disqualify	surprise	descalificar
disqualify	trust	descalificar
adhering	anger	adhiriendo
adhering	anticipation	adhiriendo
adhering	disgust	adhiriendo
adhering	fear	adhiriendo
adhering	joy	adhiriendo
adhering	negative	adhiriendo
adhering	positive	adhiriendo
adhering	sadness	adhiriendo
adhering	surprise	adhiriendo
adhering	trust	adhiriendo
calls	anger	las llamadas
calls	anticipation	llama
calls	disgust	las llamadas
calls	fear	llama
calls	joy	las llamadas
calls	negative	llama
calls	positive	las llamadas
calls	sadness	llama
calls	surprise	las llamadas
calls	trust	llama
diorama	anger	diorama
diorama	anticipation	de diorama
diorama	disgust	de diorama
diorama	fear	de diorama
diorama	joy	diorama
diorama	negative	de diorama
diorama	positive	de diorama
diorama	sadness	de diorama
diorama	surprise	diorama
diorama	trust	de diorama
victorious	anger	victorioso
victorious	anticipation	victorioso
victorious	disgust	victorioso
victorious	fear	victorioso
victorious	joy	victorioso
victorious	negative	victorioso
victorious	positive	victorioso
victorious	sadness	victorioso
victorious	surprise	victorioso
victorious	trust	victorioso
unsung	anger	unsung
unsung	anticipation	unsung
unsung	disgust	unsung
unsung	fear	unsung
unsung	joy	unsung
unsung	negative	unsung
unsung	positive	unsung
unsung	sadness	unsung
unsung	surprise	unsung
unsung	trust	unsung
desiring	anger	deseando
desiring	anticipation	deseando
desiring	disgust	deseando
desiring	fear	deseando
desiring	joy	deseando
desiring	negative	deseando
desiring	positive	deseando
desiring	sadness	deseando
desiring	surprise	deseando
desiring	trust	deseando
infallibility	anger	infallibility
infallibility	anticipation	infallibility
infallibility	disgust	infallibility
infallibility	fear	infallibility
infallibility	joy	infallibility
infallibility	negative	infallibility
infallibility	positive	infallibility
infallibility	sadness	infallibility
infallibility	surprise	infallibility
infallibility	trust	infallibility
voice	anger	voz
voice	anticipation	de voz
voice	disgust	de voz
voice	fear	de voz
voice	joy	voz
voice	negative	de voz
voice	positive	de voz
voice	sadness	de voz
voice	surprise	ocurrencia
voice	trust	de ocurrencia
occurrence	anger	de voz
occurrence	anticipation	de voz
occurrence	disgust	ocurrencia
occurrence	fear	de ocurrencia
occurrence	joy	de ocurrencia
occurrence	negative	de ocurrencia
occurrence	positive	ocurrencia
occurrence	sadness	de ocurrencia
occurrence	surprise	de ocurrencia
occurrence	trust	de ocurrencia
fiasco	anger	fiasco
fiasco	anticipation	de fiasco
fiasco	disgust	de fiasco
fiasco	fear	de fiasco
fiasco	joy	fiasco
fiasco	negative	de fiasco
fiasco	positive	de fiasco
fiasco	sadness	de fiasco
fiasco	surprise	fiasco
fiasco	trust	de fiasco
juicy	anger	juicy
juicy	anticipation	juicy
juicy	disgust	juicy
juicy	fear	juicy
juicy	joy	juicy
juicy	negative	juicy
juicy	positive	juicy
juicy	sadness	juicy
juicy	surprise	juicy
juicy	trust	juicy
bourgeoisie	anger	burguesía
bourgeoisie	anticipation	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	disgust	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	fear	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	joy	burguesía
bourgeoisie	negative	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	positive	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	sadness	de burguesía
bourgeoisie	surprise	burguesía
bourgeoisie	trust	de burguesía
japan	anger	japan
japan	anticipation	japan
japan	disgust	japan
japan	fear	japan
japan	joy	japan
japan	negative	japan
japan	positive	japan
japan	sadness	japan
japan	surprise	japan
japan	trust	japan
desist	anger	desistir
desist	anticipation	desistir
desist	disgust	desistir
desist	fear	desistir
desist	joy	desistir
desist	negative	desistir
desist	positive	desistir
desist	sadness	desistir
desist	surprise	desistir
desist	trust	desistir
spacious	anger	spacious
spacious	anticipation	spacious
spacious	disgust	spacious
spacious	fear	spacious
spacious	joy	spacious
spacious	negative	spacious
spacious	positive	spacious
spacious	sadness	spacious
spacious	surprise	spacious
spacious	trust	spacious
profile	anger	perfil
profile	anticipation	de perfil
profile	disgust	de perfil
profile	fear	de perfil
profile	joy	perfil
profile	negative	de perfil
profile	positive	de perfil
profile	sadness	de perfil
profile	surprise	perfil
profile	trust	de perfil
crouch	anger	crouch
crouch	anticipation	crouch
crouch	disgust	crouch
crouch	fear	crouch
crouch	joy	crouch
crouch	negative	crouch
crouch	positive	crouch
crouch	sadness	crouch
crouch	surprise	crouch
crouch	trust	crouch
cogent	anger	cogent
cogent	anticipation	cogent
cogent	disgust	cogent
cogent	fear	cogent
cogent	joy	cogent
cogent	negative	cogent
cogent	positive	cogent
cogent	sadness	cogent
cogent	surprise	cogent
cogent	trust	cogent
accolade	anger	accolade
accolade	anticipation	accolade
accolade	disgust	accolade
accolade	fear	accolade
accolade	joy	accolade
accolade	negative	accolade
accolade	positive	accolade
accolade	sadness	accolade
accolade	surprise	accolade
accolade	trust	accolade
electric	anger	eléctrico
electric	anticipation	eléctrico
electric	disgust	eléctrico
electric	fear	eléctrico
electric	joy	eléctrico
electric	negative	eléctrico
electric	positive	eléctrico
electric	sadness	eléctrico
electric	surprise	eléctrico
electric	trust	eléctrico
wooing	anger	wooing
wooing	anticipation	wooing
wooing	disgust	wooing
wooing	fear	wooing
wooing	joy	wooing
wooing	negative	wooing
wooing	positive	wooing
wooing	sadness	wooing
wooing	surprise	wooing
wooing	trust	wooing
fright	anger	susto
fright	anticipation	de susto
fright	disgust	de susto
fright	fear	de susto
fright	joy	susto
fright	negative	de susto
fright	positive	de susto
fright	sadness	de susto
fright	surprise	llave inglesa
fright	trust	de llave inglesa
wrench	anger	de susto
wrench	anticipation	de susto
wrench	disgust	llave inglesa
wrench	fear	de llave inglesa
wrench	joy	de llave inglesa
wrench	negative	de llave inglesa
wrench	positive	llave inglesa
wrench	sadness	de llave inglesa
wrench	surprise	de llave inglesa
wrench	trust	de llave inglesa
notch	anger	entalla
notch	anticipation	entallar
notch	disgust	entallar
notch	fear	entallar
notch	joy	entallar
notch	negative	entallar
notch	positive	entallar
notch	sadness	entallar
notch	surprise	entallar
notch	trust	entallar
convoluted	anger	convoluted
convoluted	anticipation	convoluted
convoluted	disgust	convoluted
convoluted	fear	convoluted
convoluted	joy	convoluted
convoluted	negative	convoluted
convoluted	positive	convoluted
convoluted	sadness	convoluted
convoluted	surprise	convoluted
convoluted	trust	convoluted
dissolution	anger	disolución
dissolution	anticipation	de disolución
dissolution	disgust	de disolución
dissolution	fear	de disolución
dissolution	joy	disolución
dissolution	negative	de disolución
dissolution	positive	de disolución
dissolution	sadness	de disolución
dissolution	surprise	disolución
dissolution	trust	de disolución
nod	anger	asiente con la cabeza
nod	anticipation	asentir con la cabeza
nod	disgust	asentir con la cabeza
nod	fear	asentir con la cabeza
nod	joy	asentir con la cabeza
nod	negative	asentir con la cabeza
nod	positive	asentir con la cabeza
nod	sadness	asentir con la cabeza
nod	surprise	asentir con la cabeza
nod	trust	asentir con la cabeza
leprosy	anger	lepra
leprosy	anticipation	de lepra
leprosy	disgust	de lepra
leprosy	fear	de lepra
leprosy	joy	lepra
leprosy	negative	de lepra
leprosy	positive	de lepra
leprosy	sadness	de lepra
leprosy	surprise	lepra
leprosy	trust	de lepra
formative	anger	formativa
formative	anticipation	formativo
formative	disgust	formativo
formative	fear	formativo
formative	joy	formativo
formative	negative	formativo
formative	positive	formativo
formative	sadness	formativo
formative	surprise	formativo
formative	trust	formativo
generally	anger	generalmente
generally	anticipation	generalmente
generally	disgust	generalmente
generally	fear	generalmente
generally	joy	generalmente
generally	negative	generalmente
generally	positive	generalmente
generally	sadness	generalmente
generally	surprise	generalmente
generally	trust	generalmente
moat	anger	moat
moat	anticipation	moat
moat	disgust	moat
moat	fear	moat
moat	joy	moat
moat	negative	moat
moat	positive	moat
moat	sadness	moat
moat	surprise	moat
moat	trust	moat
sultan	anger	sultan
sultan	anticipation	sultan
sultan	disgust	sultan
sultan	fear	sultan
sultan	joy	sultan
sultan	negative	sultan
sultan	positive	sultan
sultan	sadness	sultan
sultan	surprise	sultan
sultan	trust	sultan
servitude	anger	servidumbre
servitude	anticipation	de servidumbre
servitude	disgust	de servidumbre
servitude	fear	de servidumbre
servitude	joy	servidumbre
servitude	negative	de servidumbre
servitude	positive	de servidumbre
servitude	sadness	de servidumbre
servitude	surprise	servidumbre
servitude	trust	de servidumbre
predisposed	anger	predisposed
predisposed	anticipation	predisposed
predisposed	disgust	predisposed
predisposed	fear	predisposed
predisposed	joy	predisposed
predisposed	negative	predisposed
predisposed	positive	predisposed
predisposed	sadness	predisposed
predisposed	surprise	predisposed
predisposed	trust	predisposed
busted	anger	busted
busted	anticipation	busted
busted	disgust	busted
busted	fear	busted
busted	joy	busted
busted	negative	busted
busted	positive	busted
busted	sadness	busted
busted	surprise	busted
busted	trust	busted
describe	anger	describir
describe	anticipation	describir
describe	disgust	describir
describe	fear	describir
describe	joy	describir
describe	negative	describir
describe	positive	describir
describe	sadness	describir
describe	surprise	describir
describe	trust	describir
leaning	anger	apoyando
leaning	anticipation	apoyando
leaning	disgust	apoyando
leaning	fear	apoyando
leaning	joy	apoyando
leaning	negative	apoyando
leaning	positive	apoyando
leaning	sadness	apoyando
leaning	surprise	apoyando
leaning	trust	apoyando
pimple	anger	pimple
pimple	anticipation	pimple
pimple	disgust	pimple
pimple	fear	pimple
pimple	joy	pimple
pimple	negative	pimple
pimple	positive	pimple
pimple	sadness	pimple
pimple	surprise	pimple
pimple	trust	pimple
changed	anger	cambió
changed	anticipation	cambiado
changed	disgust	cambió
changed	fear	cambiado
changed	joy	cambió
changed	negative	cambiado
changed	positive	cambió
changed	sadness	cambiado
changed	surprise	cambió
changed	trust	padre
father	anger	de padre
father	anticipation	de padre
father	disgust	cambiado
father	fear	padre
father	joy	de padre
father	negative	de padre
father	positive	de padre
father	sadness	padre
father	surprise	de padre
father	trust	del padre
jornada	anger	jornada
jornada	anticipation	jornada
jornada	disgust	jornada
jornada	fear	jornada
jornada	joy	jornada
jornada	negative	jornada
jornada	positive	jornada
jornada	sadness	jornada
jornada	surprise	jornada
jornada	trust	jornada
zodiac	anger	zodíaco
zodiac	anticipation	de zodíaco
zodiac	disgust	de zodíaco
zodiac	fear	de zodíaco
zodiac	joy	zodíaco
zodiac	negative	de zodíaco
zodiac	positive	de zodíaco
zodiac	sadness	de zodíaco
zodiac	surprise	zodíaco
zodiac	trust	de zodíaco
distract	anger	distrae
distract	anticipation	distraer
distract	disgust	distraer
distract	fear	distraer
distract	joy	distraer
distract	negative	distraer
distract	positive	distraer
distract	sadness	distraer
distract	surprise	distraer
distract	trust	distraer
itch	anger	escozor
itch	anticipation	de escozor
itch	disgust	de escozor
itch	fear	de escozor
itch	joy	escozor
itch	negative	de escozor
itch	positive	de escozor
itch	sadness	de escozor
itch	surprise	condenado
itch	trust	de condenado
convict	anger	de escozor
convict	anticipation	de escozor
convict	disgust	condenado
convict	fear	de condenado
convict	joy	de condenado
convict	negative	de condenado
convict	positive	condenado
convict	sadness	de condenado
convict	surprise	de condenado
convict	trust	de condenado
daughter	anger	hija
daughter	anticipation	de hija
daughter	disgust	de hija
daughter	fear	de hija
daughter	joy	hija
daughter	negative	de hija
daughter	positive	de hija
daughter	sadness	de hija
daughter	surprise	hija
daughter	trust	de hija
mirth	anger	mirth
mirth	anticipation	mirth
mirth	disgust	mirth
mirth	fear	mirth
mirth	joy	mirth
mirth	negative	mirth
mirth	positive	mirth
mirth	sadness	mirth
mirth	surprise	mirth
mirth	trust	mirth
grimy	anger	grimy
grimy	anticipation	grimy
grimy	disgust	grimy
grimy	fear	grimy
grimy	joy	grimy
grimy	negative	grimy
grimy	positive	grimy
grimy	sadness	grimy
grimy	surprise	grimy
grimy	trust	grimy
rattan	anger	rattan
rattan	anticipation	rattan
rattan	disgust	rattan
rattan	fear	rattan
rattan	joy	rattan
rattan	negative	rattan
rattan	positive	rattan
rattan	sadness	rattan
rattan	surprise	rattan
rattan	trust	rattan
cloudy	anger	cloudy
cloudy	anticipation	cloudy
cloudy	disgust	cloudy
cloudy	fear	cloudy
cloudy	joy	cloudy
cloudy	negative	cloudy
cloudy	positive	cloudy
cloudy	sadness	cloudy
cloudy	surprise	cloudy
cloudy	trust	cloudy
fireman	anger	bombero
fireman	anticipation	de bombero
fireman	disgust	de bombero
fireman	fear	de bombero
fireman	joy	bombero
fireman	negative	de bombero
fireman	positive	de bombero
fireman	sadness	de bombero
fireman	surprise	castigo
fireman	trust	de castigo
punishment	anger	de bombero
punishment	anticipation	de bombero
punishment	disgust	castigo
punishment	fear	de castigo
punishment	joy	de castigo
punishment	negative	de castigo
punishment	positive	castigo
punishment	sadness	de castigo
punishment	surprise	de castigo
punishment	trust	de castigo
stricken	anger	stricken
stricken	anticipation	stricken
stricken	disgust	stricken
stricken	fear	stricken
stricken	joy	stricken
stricken	negative	stricken
stricken	positive	stricken
stricken	sadness	stricken
stricken	surprise	stricken
stricken	trust	stricken
flask	anger	flask
flask	anticipation	flask
flask	disgust	flask
flask	fear	flask
flask	joy	flask
flask	negative	flask
flask	positive	flask
flask	sadness	flask
flask	surprise	flask
flask	trust	flask
spectrophotometer	anger	espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	anticipation	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	disgust	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	fear	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	joy	espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	negative	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	positive	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	sadness	de espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	surprise	espectrofotómetro
spectrophotometer	trust	de espectrofotómetro
exceed	anger	supera
exceed	anticipation	superar
exceed	disgust	superar
exceed	fear	superar
exceed	joy	superar
exceed	negative	superar
exceed	positive	superar
exceed	sadness	superar
exceed	surprise	superar
exceed	trust	superar
suck	anger	chupar
suck	anticipation	chupar
suck	disgust	chupar
suck	fear	chupar
suck	joy	chupar
suck	negative	chupar
suck	positive	chupar
suck	sadness	chupar
suck	surprise	chupar
suck	trust	chupar
antique	anger	antiguo
antique	anticipation	antiguo
antique	disgust	antiguo
antique	fear	antiguo
antique	joy	antiguo
antique	negative	antiguo
antique	positive	antiguo
antique	sadness	tapón
antique	surprise	de tapón
antique	trust	antiguo
stopper	anger	antiguo
stopper	anticipation	antiguo
stopper	disgust	tapón
stopper	fear	de tapón
stopper	joy	de tapón
stopper	negative	de tapón
stopper	positive	tapón
stopper	sadness	de tapón
stopper	surprise	de tapón
stopper	trust	de tapón
probability	anger	probabilidad
probability	anticipation	de probabilidad
probability	disgust	de probabilidad
probability	fear	de probabilidad
probability	joy	probabilidad
probability	negative	de probabilidad
probability	positive	de probabilidad
probability	sadness	de probabilidad
probability	surprise	probabilidad
probability	trust	de probabilidad
dew	anger	dew
dew	anticipation	dew
dew	disgust	dew
dew	fear	dew
dew	joy	dew
dew	negative	dew
dew	positive	dew
dew	sadness	dew
dew	surprise	dew
dew	trust	dew
idiocy	anger	idiocy
idiocy	anticipation	idiocy
idiocy	disgust	idiocy
idiocy	fear	idiocy
idiocy	joy	idiocy
idiocy	negative	idiocy
idiocy	positive	idiocy
idiocy	sadness	idiocy
idiocy	surprise	idiocy
idiocy	trust	idiocy
voracious	anger	voraz
voracious	anticipation	voraz
voracious	disgust	voraz
voracious	fear	voraz
voracious	joy	voraz
voracious	negative	voraz
voracious	positive	voraz
voracious	sadness	voraz
voracious	surprise	voraz
voracious	trust	voraz
reject	anger	rehusar
reject	anticipation	rehusar
reject	disgust	rehusar
reject	fear	rehusar
reject	joy	rehusar
reject	negative	rehusar
reject	positive	rehusar
reject	sadness	rehusar
reject	surprise	rehusar
reject	trust	rehusar
pervert	anger	pervertir
pervert	anticipation	pervertir
pervert	disgust	pervertir
pervert	fear	pervertir
pervert	joy	pervertir
pervert	negative	pervertir
pervert	positive	pervertir
pervert	sadness	pervertir
pervert	surprise	pervertir
pervert	trust	pervertir
replete	anger	replete
replete	anticipation	replete
replete	disgust	replete
replete	fear	replete
replete	joy	replete
replete	negative	replete
replete	positive	replete
replete	sadness	replete
replete	surprise	replete
replete	trust	replete
assay	anger	ensayo
assay	anticipation	de ensayo
assay	disgust	de ensayo
assay	fear	de ensayo
assay	joy	ensayo
assay	negative	de ensayo
assay	positive	de ensayo
assay	sadness	de ensayo
assay	surprise	ensayo
assay	trust	de ensayo
oppressor	anger	oppressor
oppressor	anticipation	oppressor
oppressor	disgust	oppressor
oppressor	fear	oppressor
oppressor	joy	oppressor
oppressor	negative	oppressor
oppressor	positive	oppressor
oppressor	sadness	oppressor
oppressor	surprise	oppressor
oppressor	trust	oppressor
hiss	anger	hiss
hiss	anticipation	hiss
hiss	disgust	hiss
hiss	fear	hiss
hiss	joy	hiss
hiss	negative	hiss
hiss	positive	hiss
hiss	sadness	hiss
hiss	surprise	hiss
hiss	trust	hiss
fingerprint	anger	fingerprint
fingerprint	anticipation	fingerprint
fingerprint	disgust	fingerprint
fingerprint	fear	fingerprint
fingerprint	joy	fingerprint
fingerprint	negative	fingerprint
fingerprint	positive	fingerprint
fingerprint	sadness	fingerprint
fingerprint	surprise	fingerprint
fingerprint	trust	fingerprint
respondent	anger	encuestado
respondent	anticipation	de encuestado
respondent	disgust	de encuestado
respondent	fear	de encuestado
respondent	joy	encuestado
respondent	negative	de encuestado
respondent	positive	de encuestado
respondent	sadness	de encuestado
respondent	surprise	encuestado
respondent	trust	de encuestado
zap	anger	zap
zap	anticipation	zap
zap	disgust	zap
zap	fear	zap
zap	joy	zap
zap	negative	zap
zap	positive	zap
zap	sadness	zap
zap	surprise	zap
zap	trust	zap
hiker	anger	hiker
hiker	anticipation	hiker
hiker	disgust	hiker
hiker	fear	hiker
hiker	joy	hiker
hiker	negative	hiker
hiker	positive	hiker
hiker	sadness	hiker
hiker	surprise	hiker
hiker	trust	hiker
imprint	anger	imprint
imprint	anticipation	imprint
imprint	disgust	imprint
imprint	fear	imprint
imprint	joy	imprint
imprint	negative	imprint
imprint	positive	imprint
imprint	sadness	imprint
imprint	surprise	imprint
imprint	trust	imprint
repose	anger	repose
repose	anticipation	repose
repose	disgust	repose
repose	fear	repose
repose	joy	repose
repose	negative	repose
repose	positive	repose
repose	sadness	repose
repose	surprise	repose
repose	trust	repose
warehouse	anger	almacén
warehouse	anticipation	de almacén
warehouse	disgust	de almacén
warehouse	fear	de almacén
warehouse	joy	almacén
warehouse	negative	de almacén
warehouse	positive	de almacén
warehouse	sadness	de almacén
warehouse	surprise	almacén
warehouse	trust	de almacén
beat	anger	bate
beat	anticipation	bate
beat	disgust	bate
beat	fear	bate
beat	joy	bate
beat	negative	bate
beat	positive	bate
beat	sadness	bate
beat	surprise	bate
beat	trust	bate
exodus	anger	éxodo
exodus	anticipation	de éxodo
exodus	disgust	de éxodo
exodus	fear	de éxodo
exodus	joy	éxodo
exodus	negative	de éxodo
exodus	positive	de éxodo
exodus	sadness	de éxodo
exodus	surprise	éxodo
exodus	trust	de éxodo
tender	anger	tierno
tender	anticipation	tierno
tender	disgust	tierno
tender	fear	tierno
tender	joy	tierno
tender	negative	tierno
tender	positive	tierno
tender	sadness	tierno
tender	surprise	tierno
tender	trust	tierno
cooler	anger	más fresco
cooler	anticipation	más fresco
cooler	disgust	más fresco
cooler	fear	más fresco
cooler	joy	más fresco
cooler	negative	más fresco
cooler	positive	más fresco
cooler	sadness	más fresco
cooler	surprise	más fresco
cooler	trust	más fresco
flagging	anger	flagging
flagging	anticipation	flagging
flagging	disgust	flagging
flagging	fear	flagging
flagging	joy	flagging
flagging	negative	flagging
flagging	positive	flagging
flagging	sadness	flagging
flagging	surprise	flagging
flagging	trust	flagging
tort	anger	tort
tort	anticipation	tort
tort	disgust	tort
tort	fear	tort
tort	joy	tort
tort	negative	tort
tort	positive	tort
tort	sadness	tort
tort	surprise	tort
tort	trust	tort
soot	anger	hollín
soot	anticipation	de hollín
soot	disgust	de hollín
soot	fear	de hollín
soot	joy	hollín
soot	negative	de hollín
soot	positive	de hollín
soot	sadness	de hollín
soot	surprise	asteroides
soot	trust	de asteroides
asteroids	anger	de hollín
asteroids	anticipation	de hollín
asteroids	disgust	asteroides
asteroids	fear	de asteroides
asteroids	joy	de asteroides
asteroids	negative	de asteroides
asteroids	positive	asteroides
asteroids	sadness	de asteroides
asteroids	surprise	de asteroides
asteroids	trust	de asteroides
diabolical	anger	diabólicos
diabolical	anticipation	diabólicos
diabolical	disgust	diabólicos
diabolical	fear	diabólicos
diabolical	joy	diabólicos
diabolical	negative	diabólicos
diabolical	positive	diabólicos
diabolical	sadness	ironía
diabolical	surprise	de ironía
diabolical	trust	diabólica
irony	anger	diabólica
irony	anticipation	diabólica
irony	disgust	ironía
irony	fear	de ironía
irony	joy	de ironía
irony	negative	de ironía
irony	positive	ironía
irony	sadness	de ironía
irony	surprise	de ironía
irony	trust	de ironía
nuts	anger	frutos secos
nuts	anticipation	de frutos secos
nuts	disgust	de frutos secos
nuts	fear	de frutos secos
nuts	joy	frutos secos
nuts	negative	de frutos secos
nuts	positive	de frutos secos
nuts	sadness	de frutos secos
nuts	surprise	frutos secos
nuts	trust	de frutos secos
headlong	anger	headlong
headlong	anticipation	headlong
headlong	disgust	headlong
headlong	fear	headlong
headlong	joy	headlong
headlong	negative	headlong
headlong	positive	headlong
headlong	sadness	headlong
headlong	surprise	headlong
headlong	trust	headlong
flicker	anger	flicker
flicker	anticipation	flicker
flicker	disgust	flicker
flicker	fear	flicker
flicker	joy	flicker
flicker	negative	flicker
flicker	positive	flicker
flicker	sadness	flicker
flicker	surprise	flicker
flicker	trust	flicker
priory	anger	priory
priory	anticipation	priory
priory	disgust	priory
priory	fear	priory
priory	joy	priory
priory	negative	priory
priory	positive	priory
priory	sadness	priory
priory	surprise	priory
priory	trust	priory
freely	anger	libremente
freely	anticipation	libremente
freely	disgust	libremente
freely	fear	libremente
freely	joy	libremente
freely	negative	libremente
freely	positive	libremente
freely	sadness	libremente
freely	surprise	libremente
freely	trust	libremente
exemplary	anger	ejemplares
exemplary	anticipation	ejemplares
exemplary	disgust	ejemplares
exemplary	fear	ejemplares
exemplary	joy	ejemplares
exemplary	negative	ejemplares
exemplary	positive	ejemplares
exemplary	sadness	ejemplares
exemplary	surprise	ejemplares
exemplary	trust	ejemplares
vet	anger	vet
vet	anticipation	vet
vet	disgust	vet
vet	fear	vet
vet	joy	vet
vet	negative	vet
vet	positive	vet
vet	sadness	vet
vet	surprise	vet
vet	trust	vet
espouse	anger	espouse
espouse	anticipation	espouse
espouse	disgust	espouse
espouse	fear	espouse
espouse	joy	espouse
espouse	negative	espouse
espouse	positive	espouse
espouse	sadness	espouse
espouse	surprise	espouse
espouse	trust	espouse
prognosis	anger	pronóstico
prognosis	anticipation	de pronóstico
prognosis	disgust	de pronóstico
prognosis	fear	de pronóstico
prognosis	joy	pronóstico
prognosis	negative	de pronóstico
prognosis	positive	de pronóstico
prognosis	sadness	de pronóstico
prognosis	surprise	desvío
prognosis	trust	de desvío
detour	anger	de pronóstico
detour	anticipation	de pronóstico
detour	disgust	desvío
detour	fear	de desvío
detour	joy	de desvío
detour	negative	de desvío
detour	positive	desvío
detour	sadness	de desvío
detour	surprise	de desvío
detour	trust	de desvío
trend	anger	tendencia
trend	anticipation	de tendencia
trend	disgust	de tendencia
trend	fear	de tendencia
trend	joy	tendencia
trend	negative	de tendencia
trend	positive	de tendencia
trend	sadness	de tendencia
trend	surprise	carnero
trend	trust	de carnero
ram	anger	de tendencia
ram	anticipation	de tendencia
ram	disgust	carnero
ram	fear	de carnero
ram	joy	de carnero
ram	negative	de carnero
ram	positive	carnero
ram	sadness	de carnero
ram	surprise	de carnero
ram	trust	de carnero
carve	anger	carve
carve	anticipation	carve
carve	disgust	carve
carve	fear	carve
carve	joy	carve
carve	negative	carve
carve	positive	carve
carve	sadness	carve
carve	surprise	carve
carve	trust	carve
intent	anger	intent
intent	anticipation	intent
intent	disgust	intent
intent	fear	intent
intent	joy	intent
intent	negative	intent
intent	positive	intent
intent	sadness	intent
intent	surprise	intent
intent	trust	intent
comptroller	anger	comptroller
comptroller	anticipation	comptroller
comptroller	disgust	comptroller
comptroller	fear	comptroller
comptroller	joy	comptroller
comptroller	negative	comptroller
comptroller	positive	comptroller
comptroller	sadness	comptroller
comptroller	surprise	comptroller
comptroller	trust	comptroller
sheath	anger	sheath
sheath	anticipation	sheath
sheath	disgust	sheath
sheath	fear	sheath
sheath	joy	sheath
sheath	negative	sheath
sheath	positive	sheath
sheath	sadness	sheath
sheath	surprise	sheath
sheath	trust	sheath
mould	anger	molde
mould	anticipation	de molde
mould	disgust	de molde
mould	fear	de molde
mould	joy	molde
mould	negative	de molde
mould	positive	de molde
mould	sadness	de molde
mould	surprise	marcas
mould	trust	de molde
marks	anger	del molde
marks	anticipation	marca
marks	disgust	las marcas
marks	fear	marca
marks	joy	las marcas
marks	negative	marca
marks	positive	las marcas
marks	sadness	marca
marks	surprise	las marcas
marks	trust	marca
handy	anger	manejables
handy	anticipation	manejables
handy	disgust	manejables
handy	fear	manejables
handy	joy	manejables
handy	negative	manejables
handy	positive	manejables
handy	sadness	manejables
handy	surprise	manejables
handy	trust	manejables
extensive	anger	extensos
extensive	anticipation	extensos
extensive	disgust	extensos
extensive	fear	extensos
extensive	joy	extensos
extensive	negative	extensos
extensive	positive	extensos
extensive	sadness	extensos
extensive	surprise	extensos
extensive	trust	extensos
ten	anger	diez
ten	anticipation	diez
ten	disgust	diez
ten	fear	diez
ten	joy	diez
ten	negative	diez
ten	positive	diez
ten	sadness	diez
ten	surprise	diez
ten	trust	diez
disturbed	anger	perturbó
disturbed	anticipation	perturbado
disturbed	disgust	perturbó
disturbed	fear	perturbado
disturbed	joy	perturbó
disturbed	negative	perturbado
disturbed	positive	perturbó
disturbed	sadness	perturbado
disturbed	surprise	perturbó
disturbed	trust	perturbado
pygmy	anger	pygmy
pygmy	anticipation	pygmy
pygmy	disgust	pygmy
pygmy	fear	pygmy
pygmy	joy	pygmy
pygmy	negative	pygmy
pygmy	positive	pygmy
pygmy	sadness	pygmy
pygmy	surprise	pygmy
pygmy	trust	pygmy
eager	anger	ansioso
eager	anticipation	ansioso
eager	disgust	ansioso
eager	fear	ansioso
eager	joy	ansioso
eager	negative	ansioso
eager	positive	ansioso
eager	sadness	ansioso
eager	surprise	ansioso
eager	trust	ansioso
meandering	anger	serpenteando
meandering	anticipation	serpenteando
meandering	disgust	serpenteando
meandering	fear	serpenteando
meandering	joy	serpenteando
meandering	negative	serpenteando
meandering	positive	serpenteando
meandering	sadness	serpenteando
meandering	surprise	serpenteando
meandering	trust	serpenteando
propagation	anger	propagación
propagation	anticipation	de propagación
propagation	disgust	de propagación
propagation	fear	de propagación
propagation	joy	propagación
propagation	negative	de propagación
propagation	positive	de propagación
propagation	sadness	de propagación
propagation	surprise	derrisión
propagation	trust	de derrisión
derision	anger	de propagación
derision	anticipation	de propagación
derision	disgust	derrisión
derision	fear	de derrisión
derision	joy	de derrisión
derision	negative	de derrisión
derision	positive	derrisión
derision	sadness	de derrisión
derision	surprise	de derrisión
derision	trust	de derrisión
barf	anger	barf
barf	anticipation	barf
barf	disgust	barf
barf	fear	barf
barf	joy	barf
barf	negative	barf
barf	positive	barf
barf	sadness	barf
barf	surprise	barf
barf	trust	barf
feud	anger	contienda
feud	anticipation	de contienda
feud	disgust	de contienda
feud	fear	de contienda
feud	joy	contienda
feud	negative	de contienda
feud	positive	de contienda
feud	sadness	de contienda
feud	surprise	contienda
feud	trust	de contienda
manger	anger	manger
manger	anticipation	manger
manger	disgust	manger
manger	fear	manger
manger	joy	manger
manger	negative	manger
manger	positive	manger
manger	sadness	manger
manger	surprise	manger
manger	trust	manger
zoological	anger	zoológico
zoological	anticipation	zoológico
zoological	disgust	zoológico
zoological	fear	zoológico
zoological	joy	zoológico
zoological	negative	zoológico
zoological	positive	zoológico
zoological	sadness	zoológico
zoological	surprise	zoológico
zoological	trust	zoológico
punk	anger	punk
punk	anticipation	punk
punk	disgust	punk
punk	fear	punk
punk	joy	punk
punk	negative	punk
punk	positive	punk
punk	sadness	punk
punk	surprise	punk
punk	trust	punk
irrelevant	anger	irrelevante
irrelevant	anticipation	irrelevante
irrelevant	disgust	irrelevante
irrelevant	fear	irrelevante
irrelevant	joy	irrelevante
irrelevant	negative	irrelevante
irrelevant	positive	irrelevante
irrelevant	sadness	irrelevante
irrelevant	surprise	irrelevante
irrelevant	trust	irrelevante
genus	anger	genus
genus	anticipation	genus
genus	disgust	genus
genus	fear	genus
genus	joy	genus
genus	negative	genus
genus	positive	genus
genus	sadness	genus
genus	surprise	genus
genus	trust	genus
retroactive	anger	retroactivo
retroactive	anticipation	retroactivo
retroactive	disgust	retroactivo
retroactive	fear	retroactivo
retroactive	joy	retroactivo
retroactive	negative	retroactivo
retroactive	positive	retroactivo
retroactive	sadness	retroactivo
retroactive	surprise	retroactivo
retroactive	trust	retroactivo
external	anger	externo
external	anticipation	externo
external	disgust	externo
external	fear	externo
external	joy	externo
external	negative	externo
external	positive	externo
external	sadness	externo
external	surprise	externo
external	trust	externo
croak	anger	croak
croak	anticipation	croak
croak	disgust	croak
croak	fear	croak
croak	joy	croak
croak	negative	croak
croak	positive	croak
croak	sadness	croak
croak	surprise	croak
croak	trust	croak
prosperity	anger	prosperidad
prosperity	anticipation	de prosperidad
prosperity	disgust	de prosperidad
prosperity	fear	de prosperidad
prosperity	joy	prosperidad
prosperity	negative	de prosperidad
prosperity	positive	de prosperidad
prosperity	sadness	de prosperidad
prosperity	surprise	prosperidad
prosperity	trust	de prosperidad
regulars	anger	regulars
regulars	anticipation	regulars
regulars	disgust	regulars
regulars	fear	regulars
regulars	joy	regulars
regulars	negative	regulars
regulars	positive	regulars
regulars	sadness	regulars
regulars	surprise	regulars
regulars	trust	regulars
interception	anger	interceptación
interception	anticipation	de interceptación
interception	disgust	de interceptación
interception	fear	de interceptación
interception	joy	interceptación
interception	negative	de interceptación
interception	positive	de interceptación
interception	sadness	de interceptación
interception	surprise	interceptación
interception	trust	de interceptación
outlying	anger	outlying
outlying	anticipation	outlying
outlying	disgust	outlying
outlying	fear	outlying
outlying	joy	outlying
outlying	negative	outlying
outlying	positive	outlying
outlying	sadness	outlying
outlying	surprise	outlying
outlying	trust	outlying
signification	anger	signification
signification	anticipation	signification
signification	disgust	signification
signification	fear	signification
signification	joy	signification
signification	negative	signification
signification	positive	signification
signification	sadness	signification
signification	surprise	signification
signification	trust	signification
blinded	anger	cegó
blinded	anticipation	cegado
blinded	disgust	cegó
blinded	fear	cegado
blinded	joy	cegó
blinded	negative	cegado
blinded	positive	cegó
blinded	sadness	cegado
blinded	surprise	cegó
blinded	trust	cegado
ted	anger	ted
ted	anticipation	ted
ted	disgust	ted
ted	fear	ted
ted	joy	ted
ted	negative	ted
ted	positive	ted
ted	sadness	ted
ted	surprise	ted
ted	trust	ted
malady	anger	malady
malady	anticipation	malady
malady	disgust	malady
malady	fear	malady
malady	joy	malady
malady	negative	malady
malady	positive	malady
malady	sadness	malady
malady	surprise	malady
malady	trust	malady
pointedly	anger	pointedly
pointedly	anticipation	pointedly
pointedly	disgust	pointedly
pointedly	fear	pointedly
pointedly	joy	pointedly
pointedly	negative	pointedly
pointedly	positive	pointedly
pointedly	sadness	pointedly
pointedly	surprise	pointedly
pointedly	trust	pointedly
credited	anger	abonó
credited	anticipation	abonado
credited	disgust	abonó
credited	fear	abonado
credited	joy	abonó
credited	negative	abonado
credited	positive	abonó
credited	sadness	abonado
credited	surprise	abonó
credited	trust	abonado
droll	anger	droll
droll	anticipation	droll
droll	disgust	droll
droll	fear	droll
droll	joy	droll
droll	negative	droll
droll	positive	droll
droll	sadness	droll
droll	surprise	droll
droll	trust	droll
material	anger	material
material	anticipation	material
material	disgust	material
material	fear	material
material	joy	material
material	negative	material
material	positive	material
material	sadness	roseta
material	surprise	de roseta
material	trust	material
rosette	anger	material
rosette	anticipation	material
rosette	disgust	roseta
rosette	fear	de roseta
rosette	joy	de roseta
rosette	negative	de roseta
rosette	positive	roseta
rosette	sadness	de roseta
rosette	surprise	de roseta
rosette	trust	de roseta
gown	anger	gown
gown	anticipation	gown
gown	disgust	gown
gown	fear	gown
gown	joy	gown
gown	negative	gown
gown	positive	gown
gown	sadness	gown
gown	surprise	gown
gown	trust	gown
ripe	anger	maduro
ripe	anticipation	maduro
ripe	disgust	maduro
ripe	fear	maduro
ripe	joy	maduro
ripe	negative	maduro
ripe	positive	maduro
ripe	sadness	mutación
ripe	surprise	de mutación
ripe	trust	madura
mutation	anger	madura
mutation	anticipation	madura
mutation	disgust	mutación
mutation	fear	de mutación
mutation	joy	de mutación
mutation	negative	de mutación
mutation	positive	mutación
mutation	sadness	de mutación
mutation	surprise	de mutación
mutation	trust	de mutación
mathematics	anger	matemática
mathematics	anticipation	de matemática
mathematics	disgust	de matemática
mathematics	fear	de matemática
mathematics	joy	matemática
mathematics	negative	de matemática
mathematics	positive	de matemática
mathematics	sadness	de matemática
mathematics	surprise	matemática
mathematics	trust	de matemática
sweet	anger	dulce
sweet	anticipation	dulce
sweet	disgust	dulce
sweet	fear	dulce
sweet	joy	dulce
sweet	negative	dulce
sweet	positive	golosina
sweet	sadness	dulce
sweet	surprise	dulce
sweet	trust	dulce
attenuate	anger	atenúa
attenuate	anticipation	atenuar
attenuate	disgust	atenuar
attenuate	fear	atenuar
attenuate	joy	atenuar
attenuate	negative	atenuar
attenuate	positive	atenuar
attenuate	sadness	atenuar
attenuate	surprise	atenuar
attenuate	trust	atenuar
upshot	anger	upshot
upshot	anticipation	upshot
upshot	disgust	upshot
upshot	fear	upshot
upshot	joy	upshot
upshot	negative	upshot
upshot	positive	upshot
upshot	sadness	upshot
upshot	surprise	upshot
upshot	trust	upshot
gruff	anger	gruff
gruff	anticipation	gruff
gruff	disgust	gruff
gruff	fear	gruff
gruff	joy	gruff
gruff	negative	gruff
gruff	positive	gruff
gruff	sadness	gruff
gruff	surprise	gruff
gruff	trust	gruff
eagle	anger	águila
eagle	anticipation	de águila
eagle	disgust	de águila
eagle	fear	de águila
eagle	joy	águila
eagle	negative	de águila
eagle	positive	de águila
eagle	sadness	de águila
eagle	surprise	águila
eagle	trust	de águila que
weeping	anger	llora
weeping	anticipation	llorando
weeping	disgust	llorando
weeping	fear	llorando
weeping	joy	llorando
weeping	negative	llorando
weeping	positive	llorando
weeping	sadness	llorando
weeping	surprise	llorando
weeping	trust	llorando
deluge	anger	deluge
deluge	anticipation	deluge
deluge	disgust	deluge
deluge	fear	deluge
deluge	joy	deluge
deluge	negative	deluge
deluge	positive	deluge
deluge	sadness	deluge
deluge	surprise	deluge
deluge	trust	deluge
duo	anger	duo
duo	anticipation	duo
duo	disgust	duo
duo	fear	duo
duo	joy	duo
duo	negative	duo
duo	positive	duo
duo	sadness	duo
duo	surprise	duo
duo	trust	duo
cruciate	anger	cruciate
cruciate	anticipation	cruciate
cruciate	disgust	cruciate
cruciate	fear	cruciate
cruciate	joy	cruciate
cruciate	negative	cruciate
cruciate	positive	cruciate
cruciate	sadness	cruciate
cruciate	surprise	cruciate
cruciate	trust	cruciate
song	anger	canción
song	anticipation	de canción
song	disgust	de canción
song	fear	de canción
song	joy	canción
song	negative	de canción
song	positive	de canción
song	sadness	de canción
song	surprise	canción
song	trust	de canción
blob	anger	blob
blob	anticipation	blob
blob	disgust	blob
blob	fear	blob
blob	joy	blob
blob	negative	blob
blob	positive	blob
blob	sadness	blob
blob	surprise	blob
blob	trust	blob
ceiling	anger	techo
ceiling	anticipation	de techo
ceiling	disgust	de techo
ceiling	fear	de techo
ceiling	joy	techo
ceiling	negative	de techo
ceiling	positive	de techo
ceiling	sadness	de techo
ceiling	surprise	sacerdocio
ceiling	trust	de sacerdocio
priesthood	anger	de techo
priesthood	anticipation	de techo
priesthood	disgust	sacerdocio
priesthood	fear	de sacerdocio
priesthood	joy	de sacerdocio
priesthood	negative	de sacerdocio
priesthood	positive	sacerdocio
priesthood	sadness	de sacerdocio
priesthood	surprise	de sacerdocio
priesthood	trust	de sacerdocio
envious	anger	envious
envious	anticipation	envious
envious	disgust	envious
envious	fear	envious
envious	joy	envious
envious	negative	envious
envious	positive	envious
envious	sadness	envious
envious	surprise	envious
envious	trust	envious
fence	anger	valla
fence	anticipation	de valla
fence	disgust	de valla
fence	fear	de valla
fence	joy	valla
fence	negative	de valla
fence	positive	de valla
fence	sadness	de valla
fence	surprise	valla
fence	trust	de valla
martial	anger	marcial
martial	anticipation	marcial
martial	disgust	marcial
martial	fear	marcial
martial	joy	marcial
martial	negative	marcial
martial	positive	marcial
martial	sadness	marcial
martial	surprise	marcial
martial	trust	marcial
recursively	anger	recursively
recursively	anticipation	recursively
recursively	disgust	recursively
recursively	fear	recursively
recursively	joy	recursively
recursively	negative	recursively
recursively	positive	recursively
recursively	sadness	recursively
recursively	surprise	recursively
recursively	trust	recursively
monster	anger	monstruo
monster	anticipation	de monstruo
monster	disgust	de monstruo
monster	fear	de monstruo
monster	joy	monstruo
monster	negative	de monstruo
monster	positive	de monstruo
monster	sadness	de monstruo
monster	surprise	enfermería
monster	trust	de enfermería
infirmary	anger	de monstruo
infirmary	anticipation	de monstruo
infirmary	disgust	enfermería
infirmary	fear	de enfermería
infirmary	joy	de enfermería
infirmary	negative	de enfermería
infirmary	positive	enfermería
infirmary	sadness	de enfermería
infirmary	surprise	de enfermería
infirmary	trust	de enfermería
submerged	anger	sumergió
submerged	anticipation	sumergida
submerged	disgust	sumergió
submerged	fear	sumergido
submerged	joy	sumergió
submerged	negative	sumergido
submerged	positive	sumergió
submerged	sadness	sumergido
submerged	surprise	sumergió
submerged	trust	sumergido
roomy	anger	roomy
roomy	anticipation	roomy
roomy	disgust	roomy
roomy	fear	roomy
roomy	joy	roomy
roomy	negative	roomy
roomy	positive	roomy
roomy	sadness	roomy
roomy	surprise	roomy
roomy	trust	roomy
cleft	anger	cleft
cleft	anticipation	
cleft	disgust	cleft
cleft	fear	cleft
cleft	joy	cleft
cleft	negative	cleft
cleft	positive	cleft
cleft	sadness	cleft
cleft	surprise	cleft
cleft	trust	cleft
utopian	anger	cleft
utopian	anticipation	utópico utópico
utopian	disgust	utópico
utopian	fear	utópico
utopian	joy	utópico
utopian	negative	utópico
utopian	positive	utópico
utopian	sadness	dicotomía
utopian	surprise	de dicotomía
utopian	trust	utópica
dichotomy	anger	utópica
dichotomy	anticipation	utópica
dichotomy	disgust	dicotomía
dichotomy	fear	de dicotomía
dichotomy	joy	de dicotomía
dichotomy	negative	de dicotomía
dichotomy	positive	dicotomía
dichotomy	sadness	de dicotomía
dichotomy	surprise	de dicotomía
dichotomy	trust	de dicotomía
palatable	anger	palatable
palatable	anticipation	palatable
palatable	disgust	palatable
palatable	fear	palatable
palatable	joy	palatable
palatable	negative	palatable
palatable	positive	palatable
palatable	sadness	palatable
palatable	surprise	palatable
palatable	trust	palatable
morphism	anger	morphism
morphism	anticipation	morphism
morphism	disgust	morphism
morphism	fear	morphism
morphism	joy	morphism
morphism	negative	morphism
morphism	positive	morphism
morphism	sadness	morphism
morphism	surprise	morphism
morphism	trust	morphism
corse	anger	corse
corse	anticipation	corse
corse	disgust	corse
corse	fear	corse
corse	joy	corse
corse	negative	corse
corse	positive	corse
corse	sadness	corse
corse	surprise	corse
corse	trust	corse
offering	anger	ofreciendo
offering	anticipation	ofreciendo
offering	disgust	ofreciendo
offering	fear	ofreciendo
offering	joy	ofreciendo
offering	negative	ofreciendo
offering	positive	ofreciendo
offering	sadness	ofreciendo
offering	surprise	ofreciendo
offering	trust	ofreciendo
roof	anger	techo
roof	anticipation	de techo
roof	disgust	de techo
roof	fear	de techo
roof	joy	techo
roof	negative	de techo
roof	positive	de techo
roof	sadness	de techo
roof	surprise	techo
roof	trust	de techo
overflowing	anger	overflowing
overflowing	anticipation	overflowing
overflowing	disgust	overflowing
overflowing	fear	overflowing
overflowing	joy	overflowing
overflowing	negative	overflowing
overflowing	positive	overflowing
overflowing	sadness	overflowing
overflowing	surprise	overflowing
overflowing	trust	overflowing
passenger	anger	pasajero
passenger	anticipation	de pasajero
passenger	disgust	de pasajero
passenger	fear	de pasajero
passenger	joy	pasajero
passenger	negative	de pasajero
passenger	positive	de pasajero
passenger	sadness	de pasajero
passenger	surprise	pasajero
passenger	trust	de pasajero
greenhouse	anger	greenhouse
greenhouse	anticipation	greenhouse
greenhouse	disgust	greenhouse
greenhouse	fear	greenhouse
greenhouse	joy	greenhouse
greenhouse	negative	greenhouse
greenhouse	positive	greenhouse
greenhouse	sadness	greenhouse
greenhouse	surprise	greenhouse
greenhouse	trust	greenhouse
conversant	anger	conversant
conversant	anticipation	conversant
conversant	disgust	conversant
conversant	fear	conversant
conversant	joy	conversant
conversant	negative	conversant
conversant	positive	conversant
conversant	sadness	conversant
conversant	surprise	conversant
conversant	trust	conversant
misleading	anger	misleading
misleading	anticipation	misleading
misleading	disgust	misleading
misleading	fear	misleading
misleading	joy	misleading
misleading	negative	misleading
misleading	positive	misleading
misleading	sadness	misleading
misleading	surprise	misleading
misleading	trust	misleading
biography	anger	biografía
biography	anticipation	de biografía
biography	disgust	de biografía
biography	fear	de biografía
biography	joy	biografía
biography	negative	de biografía
biography	positive	de biografía
biography	sadness	de biografía
biography	surprise	desierto
biography	trust	de desierto
desert	anger	de biografía
desert	anticipation	de biografía
desert	disgust	desierto
desert	fear	de desierto
desert	joy	de desierto
desert	negative	de desierto
desert	positive	desierto
desert	sadness	de desierto
desert	surprise	de desierto
desert	trust	de desierto
stop	anger	parón
stop	anticipation	de parón
stop	disgust	de parón
stop	fear	de parón
stop	joy	parón
stop	negative	de parón
stop	positive	de parón
stop	sadness	de parón
stop	surprise	migración
stop	trust	de migración
migration	anger	de parón
migration	anticipation	de parón
migration	disgust	migración
migration	fear	de migración
migration	joy	de migración
migration	negative	de migración
migration	positive	migración
migration	sadness	de migración
migration	surprise	de migración
migration	trust	de migración
waist	anger	cintura
waist	anticipation	de cintura
waist	disgust	de cintura
waist	fear	de cintura
waist	joy	cintura
waist	negative	de cintura
waist	positive	de cintura
waist	sadness	de cintura
waist	surprise	cintura
waist	trust	de cintura
overdo	anger	overdo
overdo	anticipation	overdo
overdo	disgust	overdo
overdo	fear	overdo
overdo	joy	overdo
overdo	negative	overdo
overdo	positive	overdo
overdo	sadness	overdo
overdo	surprise	overdo
overdo	trust	overdo
information	anger	información
information	anticipation	de información
information	disgust	de información
information	fear	de información
information	joy	información
information	negative	de información
information	positive	de información
information	sadness	de información
information	surprise	información
information	trust	de información
dearth	anger	dearth
dearth	anticipation	dearth
dearth	disgust	dearth
dearth	fear	dearth
dearth	joy	dearth
dearth	negative	dearth
dearth	positive	dearth
dearth	sadness	dearth
dearth	surprise	dearth
dearth	trust	dearth
wallet	anger	cartera
wallet	anticipation	de cartera
wallet	disgust	de cartera
wallet	fear	de cartera
wallet	joy	cartera
wallet	negative	de cartera
wallet	positive	de cartera
wallet	sadness	de cartera
wallet	surprise	cartera
wallet	trust	de cartera
slender	anger	esbelta
slender	anticipation	esbelto
slender	disgust	esbelto
slender	fear	esbelto
slender	joy	esbelto
slender	negative	esbelto
slender	positive	esbelto
slender	sadness	polígono
slender	surprise	de polígono
slender	trust	esbelto
polygon	anger	esbelto
polygon	anticipation	esbelto
polygon	disgust	polígono
polygon	fear	de polígono
polygon	joy	de polígono
polygon	negative	de polígono
polygon	positive	polígono
polygon	sadness	de polígono
polygon	surprise	de polígono
polygon	trust	de polígono
triangular	anger	triangular
triangular	anticipation	triangular
triangular	disgust	triangular
triangular	fear	triangular
triangular	joy	triangular
triangular	negative	triangular
triangular	positive	triangular
triangular	sadness	triangular
triangular	surprise	triangular
triangular	trust	triangular
verbose	anger	verboso
verbose	anticipation	verboso
verbose	disgust	verboso
verbose	fear	verboso
verbose	joy	verboso
verbose	negative	verboso
verbose	positive	verboso
verbose	sadness	verboso
verbose	surprise	verboso
verbose	trust	verboso
peridot	anger	peridot
peridot	anticipation	peridot
peridot	disgust	peridot
peridot	fear	peridot
peridot	joy	peridot
peridot	negative	peridot
peridot	positive	peridot
peridot	sadness	peridot
peridot	surprise	peridot
peridot	trust	peridot
cathartic	anger	catártico
cathartic	anticipation	catártico
cathartic	disgust	catártico
cathartic	fear	catártico
cathartic	joy	catártico
cathartic	negative	catártico
cathartic	positive	catártico
cathartic	sadness	catártico
cathartic	surprise	catártico
cathartic	trust	catártico
calf	anger	calf
calf	anticipation	calf
calf	disgust	calf
calf	fear	calf
calf	joy	calf
calf	negative	calf
calf	positive	calf
calf	sadness	calf
calf	surprise	calf
calf	trust	calf
rust	anger	enmohecer
rust	anticipation	enmohecer
rust	disgust	enmohecer
rust	fear	enmohecer
rust	joy	enmohecer
rust	negative	enmohecer
rust	positive	enmohecer
rust	sadness	enmohecer
rust	surprise	enmohecer
rust	trust	enmohecer
mick	anger	mick
mick	anticipation	mick
mick	disgust	mick
mick	fear	mick
mick	joy	mick
mick	negative	mick
mick	positive	mick
mick	sadness	mick
mick	surprise	mick
mick	trust	mick
impetus	anger	ímpetu
impetus	anticipation	de ímpetu
impetus	disgust	de ímpetu
impetus	fear	de ímpetu
impetus	joy	ímpetu
impetus	negative	de ímpetu
impetus	positive	de ímpetu
impetus	sadness	de ímpetu
impetus	surprise	matón
impetus	trust	de matón
bully	anger	de ímpetu
bully	anticipation	de ímpetu
bully	disgust	matón
bully	fear	de matón
bully	joy	de matón
bully	negative	de matón
bully	positive	matón
bully	sadness	de matón
bully	surprise	de matón
bully	trust	de matón
chronic	anger	crónico
chronic	anticipation	crónico
chronic	disgust	crónico
chronic	fear	crónico
chronic	joy	crónico
chronic	negative	crónico
chronic	positive	crónico
chronic	sadness	sello
chronic	surprise	de sello
chronic	trust	crónico
stamp	anger	crónico
stamp	anticipation	crónico
stamp	disgust	sello
stamp	fear	de sello
stamp	joy	de sello
stamp	negative	de sello
stamp	positive	sello
stamp	sadness	de sello
stamp	surprise	de sello
stamp	trust	de sello
storm	anger	tormenta
storm	anticipation	de tormenta
storm	disgust	de tormenta
storm	fear	de tormenta
storm	joy	tormenta
storm	negative	de tormenta
storm	positive	de tormenta
storm	sadness	de tormenta
storm	surprise	sombrero
storm	trust	de sombrero
hat	anger	de tormenta
hat	anticipation	de tormenta
hat	disgust	sombrero
hat	fear	de sombrero
hat	joy	de sombrero
hat	negative	de sombrero
hat	positive	sombrero
hat	sadness	de sombrero
hat	surprise	de sombrero
hat	trust	de sombrero que
completing	anger	completa
completing	anticipation	completando
completing	disgust	completando
completing	fear	completando
completing	joy	completando
completing	negative	completando
completing	positive	completando
completing	sadness	completando
completing	surprise	completando
completing	trust	completando
stead	anger	stead
stead	anticipation	stead
stead	disgust	stead
stead	fear	stead
stead	joy	stead
stead	negative	stead
stead	positive	stead
stead	sadness	stead
stead	surprise	stead
stead	trust	stead
misery	anger	misery
misery	anticipation	misery
misery	disgust	misery
misery	fear	misery
misery	joy	misery
misery	negative	misery
misery	positive	misery
misery	sadness	misery
misery	surprise	misery
misery	trust	misery
pipeline	anger	tubería
pipeline	anticipation	de tubería
pipeline	disgust	de tubería
pipeline	fear	de tubería
pipeline	joy	tubería
pipeline	negative	de tubería
pipeline	positive	de tubería
pipeline	sadness	de tubería
pipeline	surprise	tubería
pipeline	trust	de tubería
topple	anger	topple
topple	anticipation	topple
topple	disgust	topple
topple	fear	topple
topple	joy	topple
topple	negative	topple
topple	positive	topple
topple	sadness	topple
topple	surprise	topple
topple	trust	topple
chaff	anger	chaff
chaff	anticipation	chaff
chaff	disgust	chaff
chaff	fear	chaff
chaff	joy	chaff
chaff	negative	chaff
chaff	positive	chaff
chaff	sadness	chaff
chaff	surprise	chaff
chaff	trust	chaff
blizzard	anger	blizzard
blizzard	anticipation	blizzard
blizzard	disgust	blizzard
blizzard	fear	blizzard
blizzard	joy	blizzard
blizzard	negative	blizzard
blizzard	positive	blizzard
blizzard	sadness	blizzard
blizzard	surprise	blizzard
blizzard	trust	blizzard
excessive	anger	excesivo
excessive	anticipation	excesivo
excessive	disgust	excesivo
excessive	fear	excesivo
excessive	joy	excesivo
excessive	negative	excesivo
excessive	positive	excesivo
excessive	sadness	excesivo
excessive	surprise	excesivo
excessive	trust	excesivo
kin	anger	kin
kin	anticipation	kin
kin	disgust	kin
kin	fear	kin
kin	joy	kin
kin	negative	kin
kin	positive	kin
kin	sadness	kin
kin	surprise	kin
kin	trust	kin
placket	anger	placket
placket	anticipation	placket
placket	disgust	placket
placket	fear	placket
placket	joy	placket
placket	negative	placket
placket	positive	placket
placket	sadness	placket
placket	surprise	placket
placket	trust	placket
gravitation	anger	gravitación
gravitation	anticipation	de gravitación
gravitation	disgust	de gravitación
gravitation	fear	de gravitación
gravitation	joy	gravitación
gravitation	negative	de gravitación
gravitation	positive	de gravitación
gravitation	sadness	de gravitación
gravitation	surprise	capitán
gravitation	trust	de capitán
captain	anger	de gravitación
captain	anticipation	de gravitación
captain	disgust	capitán
captain	fear	de capitán
captain	joy	de capitán
captain	negative	de capitán
captain	positive	capitán
captain	sadness	de capitán
captain	surprise	de capitán
captain	trust	de capitán
roster	anger	roster
roster	anticipation	roster
roster	disgust	roster
roster	fear	roster
roster	joy	roster
roster	negative	roster
roster	positive	roster
roster	sadness	roster
roster	surprise	roster
roster	trust	roster
ebony	anger	ebony
ebony	anticipation	ebony
ebony	disgust	ebony
ebony	fear	ebony
ebony	joy	ebony
ebony	negative	ebony
ebony	positive	ebony
ebony	sadness	ebony
ebony	surprise	ebony
ebony	trust	ebony
soup	anger	sopa
soup	anticipation	de sopa
soup	disgust	de sopa
soup	fear	de sopa
soup	joy	sopa
soup	negative	de sopa
soup	positive	de sopa
soup	sadness	de sopa
soup	surprise	brazalete
soup	trust	de brazalete
bracelet	anger	de sopa
bracelet	anticipation	de sopa
bracelet	disgust	brazalete
bracelet	fear	de brazalete
bracelet	joy	de brazalete
bracelet	negative	de brazalete
bracelet	positive	brazalete
bracelet	sadness	de brazalete
bracelet	surprise	de brazalete
bracelet	trust	de brazalete
horn	anger	cuerno
horn	anticipation	de cuerno
horn	disgust	de cuerno
horn	fear	de cuerno
horn	joy	cuerno
horn	negative	de cuerno
horn	positive	de cuerno
horn	sadness	de cuerno
horn	surprise	cuerno
horn	trust	de cuerno
pelagic	anger	pelagic
pelagic	anticipation	pelagic
pelagic	disgust	pelagic
pelagic	fear	pelagic
pelagic	joy	pelagic
pelagic	negative	pelagic
pelagic	positive	pelagic
pelagic	sadness	pelagic
pelagic	surprise	pelagic
pelagic	trust	pelagic
compile	anger	compilar
compile	anticipation	compilar
compile	disgust	compilar
compile	fear	compilar
compile	joy	compilar
compile	negative	compilar
compile	positive	compilar
compile	sadness	compilar
compile	surprise	compilar
compile	trust	compilar
vicar	anger	vicario
vicar	anticipation	de vicario
vicar	disgust	de vicario
vicar	fear	de vicario
vicar	joy	vicario
vicar	negative	de vicario
vicar	positive	de vicario
vicar	sadness	de vicario
vicar	surprise	vicario
vicar	trust	de vicario
discounted	anger	descontó
discounted	anticipation	descontado
discounted	disgust	descontó
discounted	fear	descontado
discounted	joy	descontó
discounted	negative	descontado
discounted	positive	descontó
discounted	sadness	descontado
discounted	surprise	descontó
discounted	trust	pared
wall	anger	de pared
wall	anticipation	de pared
wall	disgust	descontada
wall	fear	pared
wall	joy	de pared
wall	negative	de pared
wall	positive	de pared
wall	sadness	pared
wall	surprise	de pared
wall	trust	de la pared
quietly	anger	abajo
quietly	anticipation	abajo
quietly	disgust	abajo
quietly	fear	abajo
quietly	joy	abajo
quietly	negative	abajo
quietly	positive	abajo
quietly	sadness	abajo
quietly	surprise	abajo
quietly	trust	abajo
fruition	anger	fruition
fruition	anticipation	fruition
fruition	disgust	fruition
fruition	fear	fruition
fruition	joy	fruition
fruition	negative	fruition
fruition	positive	fruition
fruition	sadness	fruition
fruition	surprise	fruition
fruition	trust	fruition
winter	anger	invierno
winter	anticipation	de invierno
winter	disgust	de invierno
winter	fear	de invierno
winter	joy	invierno
winter	negative	de invierno
winter	positive	de invierno
winter	sadness	de invierno
winter	surprise	invierno
winter	trust	de invierno
footing	anger	footing
footing	anticipation	footing
footing	disgust	footing
footing	fear	footing
footing	joy	footing
footing	negative	footing
footing	positive	footing
footing	sadness	footing
footing	surprise	footing
footing	trust	footing
kern	anger	kern
kern	anticipation	kern
kern	disgust	kern
kern	fear	kern
kern	joy	kern
kern	negative	kern
kern	positive	kern
kern	sadness	kern
kern	surprise	kern
kern	trust	kern
buoy	anger	boya
buoy	anticipation	de boya
buoy	disgust	de boya
buoy	fear	de boya
buoy	joy	boya
buoy	negative	de boya
buoy	positive	de boya
buoy	sadness	de boya
buoy	surprise	naufragio
buoy	trust	de naufragio
shipwreck	anger	de boya
shipwreck	anticipation	de boya
shipwreck	disgust	naufragio
shipwreck	fear	de naufragio
shipwreck	joy	de naufragio
shipwreck	negative	de naufragio
shipwreck	positive	naufragio
shipwreck	sadness	de naufragio
shipwreck	surprise	de naufragio
shipwreck	trust	de naufragio
simmer	anger	simmer
simmer	anticipation	simmer
simmer	disgust	simmer
simmer	fear	simmer
simmer	joy	simmer
simmer	negative	simmer
simmer	positive	simmer
simmer	sadness	simmer
simmer	surprise	simmer
simmer	trust	simmer
convocation	anger	convocation
convocation	anticipation	convocation
convocation	disgust	convocation
convocation	fear	convocation
convocation	joy	convocation
convocation	negative	convocation
convocation	positive	convocation
convocation	sadness	convocation
convocation	surprise	convocation
convocation	trust	convocation
legibility	anger	legibility
legibility	anticipation	legibility
legibility	disgust	legibility
legibility	fear	legibility
legibility	joy	legibility
legibility	negative	legibility
legibility	positive	legibility
legibility	sadness	legibility
legibility	surprise	legibility
legibility	trust	legibility
flight	anger	vuelo
flight	anticipation	de vuelo
flight	disgust	de vuelo
flight	fear	de vuelo
flight	joy	vuelo
flight	negative	de vuelo
flight	positive	de vuelo
flight	sadness	de vuelo
flight	surprise	vuelo
flight	trust	de vuelo
centralize	anger	centraliza
centralize	anticipation	centralizar
centralize	disgust	centralizar
centralize	fear	centralizar
centralize	joy	centralizar
centralize	negative	centralizar
centralize	positive	centralizar
centralize	sadness	centralizar
centralize	surprise	centralizar
centralize	trust	centralizar
doctor	anger	doctor
doctor	anticipation	de doctor
doctor	disgust	de doctor
doctor	fear	de doctor
doctor	joy	doctor
doctor	negative	de doctor
doctor	positive	de doctor
doctor	sadness	de doctor
doctor	surprise	doctor
doctor	trust	de doctor
watchful	anger	watchful
watchful	anticipation	watchful
watchful	disgust	watchful
watchful	fear	watchful
watchful	joy	watchful
watchful	negative	watchful
watchful	positive	watchful
watchful	sadness	watchful
watchful	surprise	watchful
watchful	trust	watchful
fatal	anger	fatal
fatal	anticipation	fatal
fatal	disgust	fatal
fatal	fear	fatal
fatal	joy	fatal
fatal	negative	fatal
fatal	positive	fatal
fatal	sadness	fatal
fatal	surprise	fatal
fatal	trust	fatal
peerless	anger	peerless
peerless	anticipation	peerless
peerless	disgust	peerless
peerless	fear	peerless
peerless	joy	peerless
peerless	negative	peerless
peerless	positive	peerless
peerless	sadness	peerless
peerless	surprise	peerless
peerless	trust	peerless
hydra	anger	hydra
hydra	anticipation	hydra
hydra	disgust	hydra
hydra	fear	hydra
hydra	joy	hydra
hydra	negative	hydra
hydra	positive	hydra
hydra	sadness	hydra
hydra	surprise	hydra
hydra	trust	hydra
interviewer	anger	interviewer
interviewer	anticipation	interviewer
interviewer	disgust	interviewer
interviewer	fear	interviewer
interviewer	joy	interviewer
interviewer	negative	interviewer
interviewer	positive	interviewer
interviewer	sadness	interviewer
interviewer	surprise	interviewer
interviewer	trust	interviewer
handicraft	anger	handicraft
handicraft	anticipation	handicraft
handicraft	disgust	handicraft
handicraft	fear	handicraft
handicraft	joy	handicraft
handicraft	negative	handicraft
handicraft	positive	handicraft
handicraft	sadness	handicraft
handicraft	surprise	handicraft
handicraft	trust	handicraft
insane	anger	demente
insane	anticipation	demente
insane	disgust	demente
insane	fear	demente
insane	joy	demente
insane	negative	demente
insane	positive	demente
insane	sadness	demente
insane	surprise	demente
insane	trust	demente
embankment	anger	embankment
embankment	anticipation	embankment
embankment	disgust	embankment
embankment	fear	embankment
embankment	joy	embankment
embankment	negative	embankment
embankment	positive	embankment
embankment	sadness	embankment
embankment	surprise	embankment
embankment	trust	embankment
clatter	anger	clatter
clatter	anticipation	clatter
clatter	disgust	clatter
clatter	fear	clatter
clatter	joy	clatter
clatter	negative	clatter
clatter	positive	clatter
clatter	sadness	clatter
clatter	surprise	clatter
clatter	trust	clatter
lifetime	anger	lifetime
lifetime	anticipation	lifetime
lifetime	disgust	lifetime
lifetime	fear	lifetime
lifetime	joy	lifetime
lifetime	negative	lifetime
lifetime	positive	lifetime
lifetime	sadness	lifetime
lifetime	surprise	lifetime
lifetime	trust	lifetime
wand	anger	varilla
wand	anticipation	de varilla
wand	disgust	de varilla
wand	fear	de varilla
wand	joy	varilla
wand	negative	de varilla
wand	positive	de varilla
wand	sadness	de varilla
wand	surprise	ave
wand	trust	de ave
fowl	anger	de varilla
fowl	anticipation	de varilla
fowl	disgust	ave
fowl	fear	de ave
fowl	joy	de ave
fowl	negative	de ave
fowl	positive	ave
fowl	sadness	de ave
fowl	surprise	de ave
fowl	trust	de ave
aesthetic	anger	estética
aesthetic	anticipation	estético
aesthetic	disgust	estético
aesthetic	fear	estético
aesthetic	joy	estético
aesthetic	negative	estético
aesthetic	positive	estético
aesthetic	sadness	estético
aesthetic	surprise	estético
aesthetic	trust	estético
penal	anger	penal
penal	anticipation	penal
penal	disgust	penal
penal	fear	penal
penal	joy	penal
penal	negative	penal
penal	positive	penal
penal	sadness	penal
penal	surprise	penal
penal	trust	penal
odious	anger	odious
odious	anticipation	odious
odious	disgust	odious
odious	fear	odious
odious	joy	odious
odious	negative	odious
odious	positive	odious
odious	sadness	odious
odious	surprise	odious
odious	trust	odious
rummage	anger	rummage
rummage	anticipation	rummage
rummage	disgust	rummage
rummage	fear	rummage
rummage	joy	rummage
rummage	negative	rummage
rummage	positive	rummage
rummage	sadness	rummage
rummage	surprise	rummage
rummage	trust	rummage
fruitful	anger	fructífero
fruitful	anticipation	fructífero
fruitful	disgust	fructífero
fruitful	fear	fructífero
fruitful	joy	fructífero
fruitful	negative	fructífero
fruitful	positive	fructífero
fruitful	sadness	correlación
fruitful	surprise	de correlación
fruitful	trust	fructífera
correlation	anger	fructífera
correlation	anticipation	fructífera
correlation	disgust	correlación
correlation	fear	de correlación
correlation	joy	de correlación
correlation	negative	de correlación
correlation	positive	correlación
correlation	sadness	de correlación
correlation	surprise	de correlación
correlation	trust	de correlación
nebulous	anger	nebulous
nebulous	anticipation	nebulous
nebulous	disgust	nebulous
nebulous	fear	nebulous
nebulous	joy	nebulous
nebulous	negative	nebulous
nebulous	positive	nebulous
nebulous	sadness	nebulous
nebulous	surprise	nebulous
nebulous	trust	nebulous
stool	anger	stool
stool	anticipation	stool
stool	disgust	stool
stool	fear	stool
stool	joy	stool
stool	negative	stool
stool	positive	stool
stool	sadness	stool
stool	surprise	stool
stool	trust	stool
boxing	anger	boxeo
boxing	anticipation	de boxeo
boxing	disgust	de boxeo
boxing	fear	de boxeo
boxing	joy	boxeo
boxing	negative	de boxeo
boxing	positive	de boxeo
boxing	sadness	de boxeo
boxing	surprise	el boxeo que
boxing	trust	boxea
drumming	anger	drumming
drumming	anticipation	drumming
drumming	disgust	drumming
drumming	fear	drumming
drumming	joy	drumming
drumming	negative	drumming
drumming	positive	drumming
drumming	sadness	drumming
drumming	surprise	drumming
drumming	trust	drumming
tedium	anger	tedium
tedium	anticipation	tedium
tedium	disgust	tedium
tedium	fear	tedium
tedium	joy	tedium
tedium	negative	tedium
tedium	positive	tedium
tedium	sadness	tedium
tedium	surprise	tedium
tedium	trust	tedium
skepticism	anger	escepticismo
skepticism	anticipation	de escepticismo
skepticism	disgust	de escepticismo
skepticism	fear	de escepticismo
skepticism	joy	escepticismo
skepticism	negative	de escepticismo
skepticism	positive	de escepticismo
skepticism	sadness	de escepticismo
skepticism	surprise	escepticismo
skepticism	trust	de escepticismo
plunder	anger	saquea
plunder	anticipation	saquear
plunder	disgust	saquear
plunder	fear	saquear
plunder	joy	saquear
plunder	negative	saquear
plunder	positive	saquear
plunder	sadness	saquear
plunder	surprise	saquear
plunder	trust	saquear
mischievous	anger	mischievous
mischievous	anticipation	mischievous
mischievous	disgust	mischievous
mischievous	fear	mischievous
mischievous	joy	mischievous
mischievous	negative	mischievous
mischievous	positive	mischievous
mischievous	sadness	mischievous
mischievous	surprise	mischievous
mischievous	trust	mischievous
parabolic	anger	parabólico
parabolic	anticipation	parabólico
parabolic	disgust	parabólico
parabolic	fear	parabólico
parabolic	joy	parabólico
parabolic	negative	parabólico
parabolic	positive	parabólico
parabolic	sadness	víctima
parabolic	surprise	de víctima
parabolic	trust	parabólica
victim	anger	parabólica
victim	anticipation	parabólica
victim	disgust	víctima
victim	fear	de víctima
victim	joy	de víctima
victim	negative	de víctima
victim	positive	víctima
victim	sadness	de víctima
victim	surprise	de víctima
victim	trust	de víctima
outlandish	anger	outlandish
outlandish	anticipation	outlandish
outlandish	disgust	outlandish
outlandish	fear	outlandish
outlandish	joy	outlandish
outlandish	negative	outlandish
outlandish	positive	outlandish
outlandish	sadness	outlandish
outlandish	surprise	outlandish
outlandish	trust	outlandish
woolly	anger	woolly
woolly	anticipation	woolly
woolly	disgust	woolly
woolly	fear	woolly
woolly	joy	woolly
woolly	negative	woolly
woolly	positive	woolly
woolly	sadness	woolly
woolly	surprise	woolly
woolly	trust	woolly
folklore	anger	folclore
folklore	anticipation	de folclore
folklore	disgust	de folclore
folklore	fear	de folclore
folklore	joy	folclore
folklore	negative	de folclore
folklore	positive	de folclore
folklore	sadness	de folclore
folklore	surprise	folclore
folklore	trust	de folclore
prescribed	anger	prescribió
prescribed	anticipation	prescrito
prescribed	disgust	prescribió
prescribed	fear	prescrito
prescribed	joy	prescribió
prescribed	negative	prescrito
prescribed	positive	prescribió
prescribed	sadness	prescrito
prescribed	surprise	prescribió
prescribed	trust	prescrito
tacky	anger	tacky
tacky	anticipation	tacky
tacky	disgust	tacky
tacky	fear	tacky
tacky	joy	tacky
tacky	negative	tacky
tacky	positive	tacky
tacky	sadness	tacky
tacky	surprise	tacky
tacky	trust	tacky
cirrus	anger	cirrus
cirrus	anticipation	cirrus
cirrus	disgust	cirrus
cirrus	fear	cirrus
cirrus	joy	cirrus
cirrus	negative	cirrus
cirrus	positive	cirrus
cirrus	sadness	cirrus
cirrus	surprise	cirrus
cirrus	trust	cirrus
believer	anger	creyente
believer	anticipation	creyente
believer	disgust	creyente
believer	fear	creyente
believer	joy	creyente
believer	negative	creyente
believer	positive	creyente
believer	sadness	sucesor
believer	surprise	de sucesor
believer	trust	creyente
successor	anger	creyente
successor	anticipation	creyente
successor	disgust	sucesor
successor	fear	de sucesor
successor	joy	de sucesor
successor	negative	de sucesor
successor	positive	sucesor
successor	sadness	de sucesor
successor	surprise	de sucesor
successor	trust	de sucesor
barrow	anger	barrow
barrow	anticipation	barrow
barrow	disgust	barrow
barrow	fear	barrow
barrow	joy	barrow
barrow	negative	barrow
barrow	positive	barrow
barrow	sadness	barrow
barrow	surprise	barrow
barrow	trust	barrow
dissonance	anger	disonancia
dissonance	anticipation	de disonancia
dissonance	disgust	de disonancia
dissonance	fear	de disonancia
dissonance	joy	disonancia
dissonance	negative	de disonancia
dissonance	positive	de disonancia
dissonance	sadness	de disonancia
dissonance	surprise	prisión
dissonance	trust	de prisión
lockup	anger	de disonancia
lockup	anticipation	de disonancia
lockup	disgust	prisión
lockup	fear	de prisión
lockup	joy	de prisión
lockup	negative	de prisión
lockup	positive	prisión
lockup	sadness	de prisión
lockup	surprise	de prisión
lockup	trust	de prisión
sloppy	anger	sloppy
sloppy	anticipation	sloppy
sloppy	disgust	sloppy
sloppy	fear	sloppy
sloppy	joy	sloppy
sloppy	negative	sloppy
sloppy	positive	sloppy
sloppy	sadness	sloppy
sloppy	surprise	sloppy
sloppy	trust	sloppy
hooked	anger	hooked
hooked	anticipation	hooked
hooked	disgust	hooked
hooked	fear	hooked
hooked	joy	hooked
hooked	negative	hooked
hooked	positive	hooked
hooked	sadness	hooked
hooked	surprise	hooked
hooked	trust	hooked
bouquet	anger	ramo
bouquet	anticipation	de ramo
bouquet	disgust	de ramo
bouquet	fear	de ramo
bouquet	joy	ramo
bouquet	negative	de ramo
bouquet	positive	de ramo
bouquet	sadness	de ramo
bouquet	surprise	evitación
bouquet	trust	de evitación
avoidance	anger	de ramo
avoidance	anticipation	de ramo
avoidance	disgust	evitación
avoidance	fear	de evitación
avoidance	joy	de evitación
avoidance	negative	de evitación
avoidance	positive	evitación
avoidance	sadness	de evitación
avoidance	surprise	de evitación
avoidance	trust	de evitación
means	anger	significa
means	anticipation	significa
means	disgust	significa
means	fear	significa
means	joy	significa
means	negative	significa
means	positive	significa
means	sadness	significa
means	surprise	significa
means	trust	significa
fatigue	anger	fatiga
fatigue	anticipation	de fatiga
fatigue	disgust	de fatiga
fatigue	fear	de fatiga
fatigue	joy	fatiga
fatigue	negative	de fatiga
fatigue	positive	de fatiga
fatigue	sadness	de fatiga
fatigue	surprise	brevedad
fatigue	trust	de brevedad
shortness	anger	de fatiga
shortness	anticipation	de fatiga
shortness	disgust	brevedad
shortness	fear	de brevedad
shortness	joy	de brevedad
shortness	negative	de brevedad
shortness	positive	brevedad
shortness	sadness	de brevedad
shortness	surprise	de brevedad
shortness	trust	de brevedad
garbage	anger	basura
garbage	anticipation	de basura
garbage	disgust	de basura
garbage	fear	de basura
garbage	joy	basura
garbage	negative	de basura
garbage	positive	de basura
garbage	sadness	de basura
garbage	surprise	basura
garbage	trust	de basura que
screaming	anger	chilla
screaming	anticipation	chillando
screaming	disgust	chillando
screaming	fear	chillando
screaming	joy	chillando
screaming	negative	chillando
screaming	positive	chillando
screaming	sadness	chillando
screaming	surprise	chillando
screaming	trust	chillando
robot	anger	robot
robot	anticipation	de robot
robot	disgust	de robot
robot	fear	de robot
robot	joy	robot
robot	negative	de robot
robot	positive	de robot
robot	sadness	de robot
robot	surprise	robot
robot	trust	de robot
blind	anger	ciega
blind	anticipation	ciego
blind	disgust	ciego
blind	fear	ciego
blind	joy	ciego
blind	negative	ciego
blind	positive	ciego
blind	sadness	sutura
blind	surprise	de sutura
blind	trust	ciega
suture	anger	ciega
suture	anticipation	ciega
suture	disgust	sutura
suture	fear	de sutura
suture	joy	de sutura
suture	negative	de sutura
suture	positive	sutura
suture	sadness	de sutura
suture	surprise	de sutura
suture	trust	de sutura
acme	anger	acmé
acme	anticipation	de acmé
acme	disgust	de acmé
acme	fear	de acmé
acme	joy	acmé
acme	negative	de acmé
acme	positive	de acmé
acme	sadness	de acmé
acme	surprise	acmé
acme	trust	de acmé
exhilaration	anger	exhilaration
exhilaration	anticipation	exhilaration
exhilaration	disgust	exhilaration
exhilaration	fear	exhilaration
exhilaration	joy	exhilaration
exhilaration	negative	exhilaration
exhilaration	positive	exhilaration
exhilaration	sadness	exhilaration
exhilaration	surprise	exhilaration
exhilaration	trust	exhilaration
weigh	anger	pesar
weigh	anticipation	pesar
weigh	disgust	pesar
weigh	fear	pesar
weigh	joy	pesar
weigh	negative	pesar
weigh	positive	pesar
weigh	sadness	pesar
weigh	surprise	pesar
weigh	trust	pesar
emblematic	anger	emblemático
emblematic	anticipation	emblemático
emblematic	disgust	emblemático
emblematic	fear	emblemático
emblematic	joy	emblemático
emblematic	negative	emblemático
emblematic	positive	emblemático
emblematic	sadness	emblemático
emblematic	surprise	emblemático
emblematic	trust	emblemático
gatherer	anger	gatherer
gatherer	anticipation	gatherer
gatherer	disgust	gatherer
gatherer	fear	gatherer
gatherer	joy	gatherer
gatherer	negative	gatherer
gatherer	positive	gatherer
gatherer	sadness	gatherer
gatherer	surprise	gatherer
gatherer	trust	gatherer
itemize	anger	itemize
itemize	anticipation	itemize
itemize	disgust	itemize
itemize	fear	itemize
itemize	joy	itemize
itemize	negative	itemize
itemize	positive	itemize
itemize	sadness	itemize
itemize	surprise	itemize
itemize	trust	itemize
wasteful	anger	despilfarro
wasteful	anticipation	despilfarro
wasteful	disgust	despilfarro
wasteful	fear	despilfarro
wasteful	joy	despilfarro
wasteful	negative	despilfarro
wasteful	positive	despilfarro
wasteful	sadness	despilfarro
wasteful	surprise	despilfarro
wasteful	trust	despilfarro
utilitarian	anger	utilitarian
utilitarian	anticipation	utilitarian
utilitarian	disgust	utilitarian
utilitarian	fear	utilitarian
utilitarian	joy	utilitarian
utilitarian	negative	utilitarian
utilitarian	positive	utilitarian
utilitarian	sadness	utilitarian
utilitarian	surprise	utilitarian
utilitarian	trust	utilitarian
empower	anger	facultar
empower	anticipation	facultar
empower	disgust	facultar
empower	fear	facultar
empower	joy	facultar
empower	negative	facultar
empower	positive	facultar
empower	sadness	facultar
empower	surprise	facultar
empower	trust	facultar
dado	anger	dado
dado	anticipation	dado
dado	disgust	dado
dado	fear	dado
dado	joy	dado
dado	negative	dado
dado	positive	dado
dado	sadness	dado
dado	surprise	dado
dado	trust	dado
uncanny	anger	uncanny
uncanny	anticipation	uncanny
uncanny	disgust	uncanny
uncanny	fear	uncanny
uncanny	joy	uncanny
uncanny	negative	uncanny
uncanny	positive	uncanny
uncanny	sadness	uncanny
uncanny	surprise	uncanny
uncanny	trust	uncanny
lax	anger	lax
lax	anticipation	lax
lax	disgust	lax
lax	fear	lax
lax	joy	lax
lax	negative	lax
lax	positive	lax
lax	sadness	lax
lax	surprise	lax
lax	trust	lax
sanction	anger	sanción
sanction	anticipation	de sanción
sanction	disgust	de sanción
sanction	fear	de sanción
sanction	joy	sanción
sanction	negative	de sanción
sanction	positive	de sanción
sanction	sadness	de sanción
sanction	surprise	sanción
sanction	trust	de sanción
cavern	anger	cavern
cavern	anticipation	cavern
cavern	disgust	cavern
cavern	fear	cavern
cavern	joy	cavern
cavern	negative	cavern
cavern	positive	cavern
cavern	sadness	cavern
cavern	surprise	cavern
cavern	trust	cavern
accomplishment	anger	accomplishment
accomplishment	anticipation	accomplishment
accomplishment	disgust	accomplishment
accomplishment	fear	accomplishment
accomplishment	joy	accomplishment
accomplishment	negative	accomplishment
accomplishment	positive	accomplishment
accomplishment	sadness	accomplishment
accomplishment	surprise	accomplishment
accomplishment	trust	accomplishment
socialism	anger	socialismo
socialism	anticipation	de socialismo
socialism	disgust	de socialismo
socialism	fear	de socialismo
socialism	joy	socialismo
socialism	negative	de socialismo
socialism	positive	de socialismo
socialism	sadness	de socialismo
socialism	surprise	socialismo
socialism	trust	de socialismo
recall	anger	recuerda
recall	anticipation	recordar
recall	disgust	recordar
recall	fear	recordar
recall	joy	recordar
recall	negative	recordar
recall	positive	recordar
recall	sadness	recordar
recall	surprise	recordar
recall	trust	recordar
packer	anger	packer
packer	anticipation	packer
packer	disgust	packer
packer	fear	packer
packer	joy	packer
packer	negative	packer
packer	positive	packer
packer	sadness	packer
packer	surprise	packer
packer	trust	packer
inlet	anger	ensenada
inlet	anticipation	de ensenada
inlet	disgust	de ensenada
inlet	fear	de ensenada
inlet	joy	ensenada
inlet	negative	de ensenada
inlet	positive	de ensenada
inlet	sadness	de ensenada
inlet	surprise	ensenada
inlet	trust	de ensenada
bureaucrat	anger	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	anticipation	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	disgust	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	fear	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	joy	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	negative	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	positive	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	sadness	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	surprise	bureaucrat
bureaucrat	trust	bureaucrat
likewise	anger	así mismo
likewise	anticipation	así mismo
likewise	disgust	así mismo
likewise	fear	así mismo
likewise	joy	así mismo
likewise	negative	así mismo
likewise	positive	así mismo
likewise	sadness	así mismo
likewise	surprise	así mismo
likewise	trust	así mismo
ascent	anger	ascenso
ascent	anticipation	de ascenso
ascent	disgust	de ascenso
ascent	fear	de ascenso
ascent	joy	ascenso
ascent	negative	de ascenso
ascent	positive	de ascenso
ascent	sadness	de ascenso
ascent	surprise	tumba
ascent	trust	de tumba
tomb	anger	de ascenso
tomb	anticipation	de ascenso
tomb	disgust	tumba
tomb	fear	de tumba
tomb	joy	de tumba
tomb	negative	de tumba
tomb	positive	tumba
tomb	sadness	de tumba
tomb	surprise	de tumba
tomb	trust	de tumba
barefoot	anger	descalza
barefoot	anticipation	descalzo
barefoot	disgust	descalzo
barefoot	fear	descalzo
barefoot	joy	descalzo
barefoot	negative	descalzo
barefoot	positive	descalzo
barefoot	sadness	descalzo
barefoot	surprise	descalzo
barefoot	trust	descalzo
carnivorous	anger	carnívoro
carnivorous	anticipation	carnívoro
carnivorous	disgust	carnívoro
carnivorous	fear	carnívoro
carnivorous	joy	carnívoro
carnivorous	negative	carnívoro
carnivorous	positive	carnívoro
carnivorous	sadness	carnívoro
carnivorous	surprise	carnívoro
carnivorous	trust	carnívoro
despairing	anger	despairing
despairing	anticipation	despairing
despairing	disgust	despairing
despairing	fear	despairing
despairing	joy	despairing
despairing	negative	despairing
despairing	positive	despairing
despairing	sadness	despairing
despairing	surprise	despairing
despairing	trust	despairing
producing	anger	produciendo
producing	anticipation	produciendo
producing	disgust	produciendo
producing	fear	produciendo
producing	joy	produciendo
producing	negative	produciendo
producing	positive	produciendo
producing	sadness	produciendo
producing	surprise	produciendo
producing	trust	produciendo
inattention	anger	inattention
inattention	anticipation	inattention
inattention	disgust	inattention
inattention	fear	inattention
inattention	joy	inattention
inattention	negative	inattention
inattention	positive	inattention
inattention	sadness	inattention
inattention	surprise	inattention
inattention	trust	inattention
shrug	anger	shrug
shrug	anticipation	shrug
shrug	disgust	shrug
shrug	fear	shrug
shrug	joy	shrug
shrug	negative	shrug
shrug	positive	shrug
shrug	sadness	shrug
shrug	surprise	shrug
shrug	trust	shrug
crush	anger	aplastar
crush	anticipation	aplastar
crush	disgust	aplastar
crush	fear	aplastar
crush	joy	aplastar
crush	negative	aplastar
crush	positive	aplastar
crush	sadness	aplastar
crush	surprise	aplastar
crush	trust	aplastar
antithetical	anger	antithetical
antithetical	anticipation	antithetical
antithetical	disgust	antithetical
antithetical	fear	antithetical
antithetical	joy	antithetical
antithetical	negative	antithetical
antithetical	positive	antithetical
antithetical	sadness	antithetical
antithetical	surprise	antithetical
antithetical	trust	antithetical
coffin	anger	ataúd
coffin	anticipation	de ataúd
coffin	disgust	de ataúd
coffin	fear	de ataúd
coffin	joy	ataúd
coffin	negative	de ataúd
coffin	positive	de ataúd
coffin	sadness	de ataúd
coffin	surprise	convergencia
coffin	trust	de convergencia
convergence	anger	de ataúd
convergence	anticipation	de ataúd
convergence	disgust	convergencia
convergence	fear	de convergencia
convergence	joy	de convergencia
convergence	negative	de convergencia
convergence	positive	convergencia
convergence	sadness	de convergencia
convergence	surprise	de convergencia
convergence	trust	de convergencia
sustained	anger	sostuvo
sustained	anticipation	sostenida
sustained	disgust	sostuvo
sustained	fear	sostenido
sustained	joy	sostuvo
sustained	negative	sostenido
sustained	positive	sostuvo
sustained	sadness	sostenido
sustained	surprise	sostuvo
sustained	trust	sostenido
voluntary	anger	voluntario
voluntary	anticipation	voluntario
voluntary	disgust	voluntario
voluntary	fear	voluntario
voluntary	joy	voluntario
voluntary	negative	voluntario
voluntary	positive	voluntario
voluntary	sadness	entoldado
voluntary	surprise	de entoldado
voluntary	trust	voluntario
marquee	anger	voluntario
marquee	anticipation	voluntario
marquee	disgust	entoldado
marquee	fear	de entoldado
marquee	joy	de entoldado
marquee	negative	de entoldado
marquee	positive	entoldado
marquee	sadness	de entoldado
marquee	surprise	de entoldado
marquee	trust	de entoldado
secretariat	anger	secretaría
secretariat	anticipation	de secretaría
secretariat	disgust	de secretaría
secretariat	fear	de secretaría
secretariat	joy	secretaría
secretariat	negative	de secretaría
secretariat	positive	de secretaría
secretariat	sadness	de secretaría
secretariat	surprise	secretaría
secretariat	trust	de secretaría
chapman	anger	chapman
chapman	anticipation	chapman
chapman	disgust	chapman
chapman	fear	chapman
chapman	joy	chapman
chapman	negative	chapman
chapman	positive	chapman
chapman	sadness	chapman
chapman	surprise	chapman
chapman	trust	chapman
bitterly	anger	amargamente
bitterly	anticipation	amargamente
bitterly	disgust	amargamente
bitterly	fear	amargamente
bitterly	joy	amargamente
bitterly	negative	amargamente
bitterly	positive	amargamente
bitterly	sadness	amargamente
bitterly	surprise	amargamente
bitterly	trust	amargamente
balanced	anger	equilibró
balanced	anticipation	equilibrado
balanced	disgust	equilibró
balanced	fear	equilibrado
balanced	joy	equilibró
balanced	negative	equilibrado
balanced	positive	equilibró
balanced	sadness	equilibrado
balanced	surprise	equilibró
balanced	trust	fusible
fuse	anger	de fusible
fuse	anticipation	de fusible
fuse	disgust	equilibrado
fuse	fear	fusible
fuse	joy	de fusible
fuse	negative	de fusible
fuse	positive	de fusible
fuse	sadness	fusible
fuse	surprise	de fusible
fuse	trust	del fusible
quagmire	anger	quagmire
quagmire	anticipation	quagmire
quagmire	disgust	quagmire
quagmire	fear	quagmire
quagmire	joy	quagmire
quagmire	negative	quagmire
quagmire	positive	quagmire
quagmire	sadness	quagmire
quagmire	surprise	quagmire
quagmire	trust	quagmire
inversion	anger	inversion
inversion	anticipation	inversion
inversion	disgust	inversion
inversion	fear	inversion
inversion	joy	inversion
inversion	negative	inversion
inversion	positive	inversion
inversion	sadness	inversion
inversion	surprise	inversion
inversion	trust	inversion
brine	anger	salmuera
brine	anticipation	de salmuera
brine	disgust	de salmuera
brine	fear	de salmuera
brine	joy	salmuera
brine	negative	de salmuera
brine	positive	de salmuera
brine	sadness	de salmuera
brine	surprise	salmuera
brine	trust	de salmuera
scorn	anger	scorn
scorn	anticipation	scorn
scorn	disgust	scorn
scorn	fear	scorn
scorn	joy	scorn
scorn	negative	scorn
scorn	positive	scorn
scorn	sadness	scorn
scorn	surprise	scorn
scorn	trust	scorn
ambush	anger	ambush
ambush	anticipation	ambush
ambush	disgust	ambush
ambush	fear	ambush
ambush	joy	ambush
ambush	negative	ambush
ambush	positive	ambush
ambush	sadness	ambush
ambush	surprise	ambush
ambush	trust	ambush
almighty	anger	todopoderoso
almighty	anticipation	todopoderoso
almighty	disgust	todopoderoso
almighty	fear	todopoderoso
almighty	joy	todopoderoso
almighty	negative	todopoderoso
almighty	positive	todopoderoso
almighty	sadness	todopoderoso
almighty	surprise	todopoderoso
almighty	trust	todopoderoso
empirical	anger	empírico
empirical	anticipation	empírico
empirical	disgust	empírico
empirical	fear	empírico
empirical	joy	empírico
empirical	negative	empírico
empirical	positive	empírico
empirical	sadness	empírico
empirical	surprise	empírico
empirical	trust	empírico
snags	anger	snags
snags	anticipation	snags
snags	disgust	snags
snags	fear	snags
snags	joy	snags
snags	negative	snags
snags	positive	snags
snags	sadness	snags
snags	surprise	snags
snags	trust	snags
plurality	anger	pluralidad
plurality	anticipation	de pluralidad
plurality	disgust	de pluralidad
plurality	fear	de pluralidad
plurality	joy	pluralidad
plurality	negative	de pluralidad
plurality	positive	de pluralidad
plurality	sadness	de pluralidad
plurality	surprise	incursión
plurality	trust	de incursión
incursion	anger	de pluralidad
incursion	anticipation	de pluralidad
incursion	disgust	incursión
incursion	fear	de incursión
incursion	joy	de incursión
incursion	negative	de incursión
incursion	positive	incursión
incursion	sadness	de incursión
incursion	surprise	de incursión
incursion	trust	de incursión
baboon	anger	mandril
baboon	anticipation	de mandril
baboon	disgust	de mandril
baboon	fear	de mandril
baboon	joy	mandril
baboon	negative	de mandril
baboon	positive	de mandril
baboon	sadness	de mandril
baboon	surprise	mandril
baboon	trust	de mandril
advanced	anger	adelantó
advanced	anticipation	adelantado
advanced	disgust	adelantó
advanced	fear	adelantado
advanced	joy	adelantó
advanced	negative	adelantado
advanced	positive	adelantó
advanced	sadness	adelantado
advanced	surprise	adelantó
advanced	trust	adelantado
weekly	anger	semanalmente
weekly	anticipation	semanalmente
weekly	disgust	semanalmente
weekly	fear	semanalmente
weekly	joy	semanalmente
weekly	negative	semanalmente
weekly	positive	semanalmente
weekly	sadness	semanalmente
weekly	surprise	semanalmente
weekly	trust	hermandad
brotherhood	anger	de hermandad
brotherhood	anticipation	de hermandad
brotherhood	disgust	semanal
brotherhood	fear	hermandad
brotherhood	joy	de hermandad
brotherhood	negative	de hermandad
brotherhood	positive	de hermandad
brotherhood	sadness	castidad
brotherhood	surprise	de hermandad
brotherhood	trust	de hermandad
chastity	anger	de hermandad
chastity	anticipation	castidad
chastity	disgust	de castidad
chastity	fear	de castidad
chastity	joy	de castidad
chastity	negative	castidad
chastity	positive	de castidad
chastity	sadness	de castidad
chastity	surprise	de castidad
chastity	trust	floración
flowering	anger	de floración
flowering	anticipation	de floración
flowering	disgust	de castidad
flowering	fear	floración
flowering	joy	de floración
flowering	negative	de floración
flowering	positive	de floración
flowering	sadness	mafia
flowering	surprise	de floración
flowering	trust	de floración
mafia	anger	de floración
mafia	anticipation	mafia
mafia	disgust	de mafia
mafia	fear	de mafia
mafia	joy	de mafia
mafia	negative	mafia
mafia	positive	de mafia
mafia	sadness	de mafia
mafia	surprise	de mafia
mafia	trust	rencor
grudge	anger	de rencor
grudge	anticipation	de rencor
grudge	disgust	de mafia
grudge	fear	rencor
grudge	joy	de rencor
grudge	negative	de rencor
grudge	positive	de rencor
grudge	sadness	rencor
grudge	surprise	de rencor
grudge	trust	del rencor
unconfirmed	anger	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	anticipation	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	disgust	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	fear	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	joy	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	negative	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	positive	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	sadness	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	surprise	unconfirmed
unconfirmed	trust	unconfirmed
overlap	anger	overlap
overlap	anticipation	overlap
overlap	disgust	overlap
overlap	fear	overlap
overlap	joy	overlap
overlap	negative	overlap
overlap	positive	overlap
overlap	sadness	overlap
overlap	surprise	overlap
overlap	trust	overlap
disable	anger	imposibilitar
disable	anticipation	imposibilitar
disable	disgust	imposibilitar
disable	fear	imposibilitar
disable	joy	imposibilitar
disable	negative	imposibilitar
disable	positive	imposibilitar
disable	sadness	imposibilitar
disable	surprise	imposibilitar
disable	trust	imposibilitar
forthwith	anger	enseguida
forthwith	anticipation	enseguida
forthwith	disgust	enseguida
forthwith	fear	enseguida
forthwith	joy	enseguida
forthwith	negative	enseguida
forthwith	positive	enseguida
forthwith	sadness	enseguida
forthwith	surprise	enseguida
forthwith	trust	enseguida
herbarium	anger	herbarium
herbarium	anticipation	herbarium
herbarium	disgust	herbarium
herbarium	fear	herbarium
herbarium	joy	herbarium
herbarium	negative	herbarium
herbarium	positive	herbarium
herbarium	sadness	herbarium
herbarium	surprise	herbarium
herbarium	trust	herbarium
intention	anger	intención
intention	anticipation	de intención
intention	disgust	de intención
intention	fear	de intención
intention	joy	intención
intention	negative	de intención
intention	positive	de intención
intention	sadness	de intención
intention	surprise	juez
intention	trust	de juez
judge	anger	de intención
judge	anticipation	de intención
judge	disgust	juez
judge	fear	de juez
judge	joy	de juez
judge	negative	de juez
judge	positive	juez
judge	sadness	de juez
judge	surprise	de juez
judge	trust	de juez
myth	anger	mito
myth	anticipation	de mito
myth	disgust	de mito
myth	fear	de mito
myth	joy	mito
myth	negative	de mito
myth	positive	de mito
myth	sadness	de mito
myth	surprise	mito
myth	trust	de mito
fallacious	anger	falaz
fallacious	anticipation	falaz
fallacious	disgust	falaz
fallacious	fear	falaz
fallacious	joy	falaz
fallacious	negative	falaz
fallacious	positive	falaz
fallacious	sadness	falaz
fallacious	surprise	falaz
fallacious	trust	falaz
master	anger	maestro
master	anticipation	maestro
master	disgust	maestro
master	fear	maestro
master	joy	maestro
master	negative	maestro
master	positive	maestro
master	sadness	maestro
master	surprise	maestro
master	trust	maestro
magpie	anger	magpie
magpie	anticipation	magpie
magpie	disgust	magpie
magpie	fear	magpie
magpie	joy	magpie
magpie	negative	magpie
magpie	positive	magpie
magpie	sadness	magpie
magpie	surprise	magpie
magpie	trust	magpie
contending	anger	contendiendo
contending	anticipation	contendiendo
contending	disgust	contendiendo
contending	fear	contendiendo
contending	joy	contendiendo
contending	negative	contendiendo
contending	positive	contendiendo
contending	sadness	contendiendo
contending	surprise	contendiendo
contending	trust	contendiendo
fortification	anger	fortification
fortification	anticipation	fortification
fortification	disgust	fortification
fortification	fear	fortification
fortification	joy	fortification
fortification	negative	fortification
fortification	positive	fortification
fortification	sadness	fortification
fortification	surprise	fortification
fortification	trust	fortification
reorganization	anger	reorganización
reorganization	anticipation	de reorganización
reorganization	disgust	de reorganización
reorganization	fear	de reorganización
reorganization	joy	reorganización
reorganization	negative	de reorganización
reorganization	positive	de reorganización
reorganization	sadness	de reorganización
reorganization	surprise	campus
reorganization	trust	de campus
campus	anger	de reorganización
campus	anticipation	de reorganización
campus	disgust	campus
campus	fear	de campus
campus	joy	de campus
campus	negative	de campus
campus	positive	campus
campus	sadness	de campus
campus	surprise	de campus
campus	trust	de campus
scarf	anger	bufanda
scarf	anticipation	de bufanda
scarf	disgust	de bufanda
scarf	fear	de bufanda
scarf	joy	bufanda
scarf	negative	de bufanda
scarf	positive	de bufanda
scarf	sadness	de bufanda
scarf	surprise	pesca
scarf	trust	de pesca
fishing	anger	de bufanda
fishing	anticipation	de bufanda
fishing	disgust	pesca
fishing	fear	de pesca
fishing	joy	de pesca
fishing	negative	de pesca
fishing	positive	pesca
fishing	sadness	de pesca
fishing	surprise	de pesca
fishing	trust	de pesca
junction	anger	cruce
junction	anticipation	de cruce
junction	disgust	de cruce
junction	fear	de cruce
junction	joy	cruce
junction	negative	de cruce
junction	positive	de cruce
junction	sadness	de cruce
junction	surprise	cruce
junction	trust	de cruce
minnow	anger	minnow
minnow	anticipation	minnow
minnow	disgust	minnow
minnow	fear	minnow
minnow	joy	minnow
minnow	negative	minnow
minnow	positive	minnow
minnow	sadness	minnow
minnow	surprise	minnow
minnow	trust	minnow
axis	anger	axial
axis	anticipation	axial
axis	disgust	axial
axis	fear	axial
axis	joy	axial
axis	negative	axial
axis	positive	axial
axis	sadness	axial
axis	surprise	axial
axis	trust	axial
helper	anger	helper
helper	anticipation	helper
helper	disgust	helper
helper	fear	helper
helper	joy	helper
helper	negative	helper
helper	positive	helper
helper	sadness	helper
helper	surprise	helper
helper	trust	helper
antagonism	anger	antagonismo
antagonism	anticipation	de antagonismo
antagonism	disgust	de antagonismo
antagonism	fear	de antagonismo
antagonism	joy	antagonismo
antagonism	negative	de antagonismo
antagonism	positive	de antagonismo
antagonism	sadness	de antagonismo
antagonism	surprise	antagonismo
antagonism	trust	de antagonismo
hysterical	anger	hysterical
hysterical	anticipation	hysterical
hysterical	disgust	hysterical
hysterical	fear	hysterical
hysterical	joy	hysterical
hysterical	negative	hysterical
hysterical	positive	hysterical
hysterical	sadness	hysterical
hysterical	surprise	hysterical
hysterical	trust	hysterical
atom	anger	átomo
atom	anticipation	de átomo
atom	disgust	de átomo
atom	fear	de átomo
atom	joy	átomo
atom	negative	de átomo
atom	positive	de átomo
atom	sadness	de átomo
atom	surprise	perplejidad
atom	trust	de perplejidad
perplexity	anger	de átomo
perplexity	anticipation	de átomo
perplexity	disgust	perplejidad
perplexity	fear	de perplejidad
perplexity	joy	de perplejidad
perplexity	negative	de perplejidad
perplexity	positive	perplejidad
perplexity	sadness	de perplejidad
perplexity	surprise	de perplejidad
perplexity	trust	de perplejidad
demoralized	anger	desmoralizó
demoralized	anticipation	desmoralizada
demoralized	disgust	desmoralizó
demoralized	fear	desmoralizado
demoralized	joy	desmoralizó
demoralized	negative	desmoralizado
demoralized	positive	desmoralizó
demoralized	sadness	desmoralizado
demoralized	surprise	desmoralizó
demoralized	trust	desmoralizado
imputation	anger	imputation
imputation	anticipation	imputation
imputation	disgust	imputation
imputation	fear	imputation
imputation	joy	imputation
imputation	negative	imputation
imputation	positive	imputation
imputation	sadness	imputation
imputation	surprise	imputation
imputation	trust	imputation
violation	anger	violation
violation	anticipation	violation
violation	disgust	violation
violation	fear	violation
violation	joy	violation
violation	negative	violation
violation	positive	violation
violation	sadness	violation
violation	surprise	violation
violation	trust	violation
postscript	anger	posdata
postscript	anticipation	de posdata
postscript	disgust	de posdata
postscript	fear	de posdata
postscript	joy	posdata
postscript	negative	de posdata
postscript	positive	de posdata
postscript	sadness	de posdata
postscript	surprise	posdata
postscript	trust	de posdata
garnet	anger	garnet
garnet	anticipation	garnet
garnet	disgust	garnet
garnet	fear	garnet
garnet	joy	garnet
garnet	negative	garnet
garnet	positive	garnet
garnet	sadness	garnet
garnet	surprise	garnet
garnet	trust	garnet
john	anger	john
john	anticipation	john
john	disgust	john
john	fear	john
john	joy	john
john	negative	john
john	positive	john
john	sadness	john
john	surprise	john
john	trust	john
cairn	anger	mojón
cairn	anticipation	de mojón
cairn	disgust	de mojón
cairn	fear	de mojón
cairn	joy	mojón
cairn	negative	de mojón
cairn	positive	de mojón
cairn	sadness	de mojón
cairn	surprise	campana
cairn	trust	de campana
bell	anger	de mojón
bell	anticipation	de mojón
bell	disgust	campana
bell	fear	de campana
bell	joy	de campana
bell	negative	de campana
bell	positive	campana
bell	sadness	de campana
bell	surprise	de campana
bell	trust	de campana
brig	anger	brig
brig	anticipation	brig
brig	disgust	brig
brig	fear	brig
brig	joy	brig
brig	negative	brig
brig	positive	brig
brig	sadness	brig
brig	surprise	brig
brig	trust	brig
steamer	anger	olla de presión
steamer	anticipation	de olla de presión
steamer	disgust	de olla de presión
steamer	fear	de olla de presión
steamer	joy	olla de presión
steamer	negative	de olla de presión
steamer	positive	de olla de presión
steamer	sadness	de olla de presión
steamer	surprise	coral
steamer	trust	de coral
coral	anger	de olla de presión
coral	anticipation	de olla de presión
coral	disgust	coral
coral	fear	de coral
coral	joy	de coral
coral	negative	de coral
coral	positive	coral
coral	sadness	de coral
coral	surprise	de coral
coral	trust	de coral
crowning	anger	crowning
crowning	anticipation	crowning
crowning	disgust	crowning
crowning	fear	crowning
crowning	joy	crowning
crowning	negative	crowning
crowning	positive	crowning
crowning	sadness	crowning
crowning	surprise	crowning
crowning	trust	crowning
keepsake	anger	keepsake
keepsake	anticipation	keepsake
keepsake	disgust	keepsake
keepsake	fear	keepsake
keepsake	joy	keepsake
keepsake	negative	keepsake
keepsake	positive	keepsake
keepsake	sadness	keepsake
keepsake	surprise	keepsake
keepsake	trust	keepsake
erasure	anger	erasure
erasure	anticipation	erasure
erasure	disgust	erasure
erasure	fear	erasure
erasure	joy	erasure
erasure	negative	erasure
erasure	positive	erasure
erasure	sadness	erasure
erasure	surprise	erasure
erasure	trust	erasure
capillary	anger	capillary
capillary	anticipation	capillary
capillary	disgust	capillary
capillary	fear	capillary
capillary	joy	capillary
capillary	negative	capillary
capillary	positive	capillary
capillary	sadness	capillary
capillary	surprise	capillary
capillary	trust	capillary
flat	anger	plano
flat	anticipation	plano
flat	disgust	plano
flat	fear	plano
flat	joy	plano
flat	negative	plano
flat	positive	plano
flat	sadness	plano
flat	surprise	plano
flat	trust	plano
mottled	anger	mottled
mottled	anticipation	mottled
mottled	disgust	mottled
mottled	fear	mottled
mottled	joy	mottled
mottled	negative	mottled
mottled	positive	mottled
mottled	sadness	mottled
mottled	surprise	mottled
mottled	trust	mottled
circumstance	anger	circunstancia
circumstance	anticipation	de circunstancia
circumstance	disgust	de circunstancia
circumstance	fear	de circunstancia
circumstance	joy	circunstancia
circumstance	negative	de circunstancia
circumstance	positive	de circunstancia
circumstance	sadness	de circunstancia
circumstance	surprise	circunstancia
circumstance	trust	de circunstancia
teat	anger	teat
teat	anticipation	teat
teat	disgust	teat
teat	fear	teat
teat	joy	teat
teat	negative	teat
teat	positive	teat
teat	sadness	teat
teat	surprise	teat
teat	trust	teat
glee	anger	glee
glee	anticipation	glee
glee	disgust	glee
glee	fear	glee
glee	joy	glee
glee	negative	glee
glee	positive	glee
glee	sadness	glee
glee	surprise	glee
glee	trust	glee
taint	anger	taint
taint	anticipation	taint
taint	disgust	taint
taint	fear	taint
taint	joy	taint
taint	negative	taint
taint	positive	taint
taint	sadness	taint
taint	surprise	taint
taint	trust	taint
centrifuge	anger	centrifuge
centrifuge	anticipation	centrifuge
centrifuge	disgust	centrifuge
centrifuge	fear	centrifuge
centrifuge	joy	centrifuge
centrifuge	negative	centrifuge
centrifuge	positive	centrifuge
centrifuge	sadness	centrifuge
centrifuge	surprise	centrifuge
centrifuge	trust	centrifuge
detach	anger	detach
detach	anticipation	detach
detach	disgust	detach
detach	fear	detach
detach	joy	detach
detach	negative	detach
detach	positive	detach
detach	sadness	detach
detach	surprise	detach
detach	trust	detach
ladder	anger	ladder
ladder	anticipation	ladder
ladder	disgust	ladder
ladder	fear	ladder
ladder	joy	ladder
ladder	negative	ladder
ladder	positive	ladder
ladder	sadness	ladder
ladder	surprise	ladder
ladder	trust	ladder
maze	anger	maze
maze	anticipation	maze
maze	disgust	maze
maze	fear	maze
maze	joy	maze
maze	negative	maze
maze	positive	maze
maze	sadness	maze
maze	surprise	maze
maze	trust	maze
workshop	anger	taller
workshop	anticipation	de taller
workshop	disgust	de taller
workshop	fear	de taller
workshop	joy	taller
workshop	negative	de taller
workshop	positive	de taller
workshop	sadness	de taller
workshop	surprise	taller
workshop	trust	de taller
misty	anger	brumoso
misty	anticipation	brumoso
misty	disgust	brumoso
misty	fear	brumoso
misty	joy	brumoso
misty	negative	brumoso
misty	positive	brumoso
misty	sadness	brumoso
misty	surprise	brumoso
misty	trust	brumoso
unnumbered	anger	unnumbered
unnumbered	anticipation	unnumbered
unnumbered	disgust	unnumbered
unnumbered	fear	unnumbered
unnumbered	joy	unnumbered
unnumbered	negative	unnumbered
unnumbered	positive	unnumbered
unnumbered	sadness	unnumbered
unnumbered	surprise	unnumbered
unnumbered	trust	unnumbered
harden	anger	harden
harden	anticipation	harden
harden	disgust	harden
harden	fear	harden
harden	joy	harden
harden	negative	harden
harden	positive	harden
harden	sadness	harden
harden	surprise	harden
harden	trust	harden
interpolate	anger	interpolate
interpolate	anticipation	interpolate
interpolate	disgust	interpolate
interpolate	fear	interpolate
interpolate	joy	interpolate
interpolate	negative	interpolate
interpolate	positive	interpolate
interpolate	sadness	interpolate
interpolate	surprise	interpolate
interpolate	trust	interpolate
senior	anger	sénior
senior	anticipation	sénior
senior	disgust	sénior
senior	fear	sénior
senior	joy	sénior
senior	negative	sénior
senior	positive	sénior
senior	sadness	montaña
senior	surprise	de montaña
senior	trust	sénior
mountain	anger	sénior
mountain	anticipation	sénior
mountain	disgust	montaña
mountain	fear	de montaña
mountain	joy	de montaña
mountain	negative	de montaña
mountain	positive	montaña
mountain	sadness	de montaña
mountain	surprise	de montaña
mountain	trust	de montaña
inanimate	anger	inanimate
inanimate	anticipation	inanimate
inanimate	disgust	inanimate
inanimate	fear	inanimate
inanimate	joy	inanimate
inanimate	negative	inanimate
inanimate	positive	inanimate
inanimate	sadness	inanimate
inanimate	surprise	inanimate
inanimate	trust	inanimate
tedious	anger	tedioso
tedious	anticipation	tedioso
tedious	disgust	tedioso
tedious	fear	tedioso
tedious	joy	tedioso
tedious	negative	tedioso
tedious	positive	tedioso
tedious	sadness	proyector
tedious	surprise	de proyector
tedious	trust	tedioso
projector	anger	tedioso
projector	anticipation	tedioso
projector	disgust	proyector
projector	fear	de proyector
projector	joy	de proyector
projector	negative	de proyector
projector	positive	proyector
projector	sadness	de proyector
projector	surprise	de proyector
projector	trust	de proyector
dislocation	anger	dislocation
dislocation	anticipation	dislocation
dislocation	disgust	dislocation
dislocation	fear	dislocation
dislocation	joy	dislocation
dislocation	negative	dislocation
dislocation	positive	dislocation
dislocation	sadness	dislocation
dislocation	surprise	dislocation
dislocation	trust	dislocation
amenity	anger	amenidad
amenity	anticipation	de amenidad
amenity	disgust	de amenidad
amenity	fear	de amenidad
amenity	joy	amenidad
amenity	negative	de amenidad
amenity	positive	de amenidad
amenity	sadness	de amenidad
amenity	surprise	concepción
amenity	trust	de concepción
conception	anger	de amenidad
conception	anticipation	de amenidad
conception	disgust	concepción
conception	fear	de concepción
conception	joy	de concepción
conception	negative	de concepción
conception	positive	concepción
conception	sadness	de concepción
conception	surprise	de concepción
conception	trust	de concepción
vendor	anger	vendedor
vendor	anticipation	de vendedor
vendor	disgust	de vendedor
vendor	fear	de vendedor
vendor	joy	vendedor
vendor	negative	de vendedor
vendor	positive	de vendedor
vendor	sadness	de vendedor
vendor	surprise	vendedor
vendor	trust	de vendedor
afterthought	anger	afterthought
afterthought	anticipation	afterthought
afterthought	disgust	afterthought
afterthought	fear	afterthought
afterthought	joy	afterthought
afterthought	negative	afterthought
afterthought	positive	afterthought
afterthought	sadness	afterthought
afterthought	surprise	afterthought
afterthought	trust	afterthought
chaotic	anger	caótico
chaotic	anticipation	caótico
chaotic	disgust	caótico
chaotic	fear	caótico
chaotic	joy	caótico
chaotic	negative	caótico
chaotic	positive	caótico
chaotic	sadness	calamidad
chaotic	surprise	de calamidad
chaotic	trust	caótica
calamity	anger	caótica
calamity	anticipation	caótica
calamity	disgust	calamidad
calamity	fear	de calamidad
calamity	joy	de calamidad
calamity	negative	de calamidad
calamity	positive	calamidad
calamity	sadness	de calamidad
calamity	surprise	de calamidad
calamity	trust	de calamidad
adorn	anger	adorna
adorn	anticipation	adornar
adorn	disgust	adornar
adorn	fear	adornar
adorn	joy	adornar
adorn	negative	adornar
adorn	positive	adornar
adorn	sadness	adornar
adorn	surprise	adornar
adorn	trust	adornar
fly	anger	mosca
fly	anticipation	de mosca
fly	disgust	de mosca
fly	fear	de mosca
fly	joy	mosca
fly	negative	de mosca
fly	positive	de mosca
fly	sadness	de mosca
fly	surprise	novia
fly	trust	de novia
bride	anger	de mosca
bride	anticipation	de mosca
bride	disgust	novia
bride	fear	de novia
bride	joy	de novia
bride	negative	de novia
bride	positive	novia
bride	sadness	de novia
bride	surprise	de novia
bride	trust	de novia
communist	anger	comunista
communist	anticipation	comunista
communist	disgust	comunista
communist	fear	comunista
communist	joy	comunista
communist	negative	comunista
communist	positive	comunista
communist	sadness	comunista
communist	surprise	comunista
communist	trust	comunista
plaintive	anger	plaintive
plaintive	anticipation	plaintive
plaintive	disgust	plaintive
plaintive	fear	plaintive
plaintive	joy	plaintive
plaintive	negative	plaintive
plaintive	positive	plaintive
plaintive	sadness	plaintive
plaintive	surprise	plaintive
plaintive	trust	plaintive
starch	anger	almidón
starch	anticipation	de almidón
starch	disgust	de almidón
starch	fear	de almidón
starch	joy	almidón
starch	negative	de almidón
starch	positive	de almidón
starch	sadness	de almidón
starch	surprise	escultura
starch	trust	de escultura
sculpture	anger	de almidón
sculpture	anticipation	de almidón
sculpture	disgust	escultura
sculpture	fear	de escultura
sculpture	joy	de escultura
sculpture	negative	de escultura
sculpture	positive	escultura
sculpture	sadness	de escultura
sculpture	surprise	de escultura
sculpture	trust	de escultura
outpost	anger	outpost
outpost	anticipation	outpost
outpost	disgust	outpost
outpost	fear	outpost
outpost	joy	outpost
outpost	negative	outpost
outpost	positive	outpost
outpost	sadness	outpost
outpost	surprise	outpost
outpost	trust	outpost
forcibly	anger	forcibly
forcibly	anticipation	forcibly
forcibly	disgust	forcibly
forcibly	fear	forcibly
forcibly	joy	forcibly
forcibly	negative	forcibly
forcibly	positive	forcibly
forcibly	sadness	forcibly
forcibly	surprise	forcibly
forcibly	trust	forcibly
alkali	anger	alkali
alkali	anticipation	alkali
alkali	disgust	alkali
alkali	fear	alkali
alkali	joy	alkali
alkali	negative	alkali
alkali	positive	alkali
alkali	sadness	alkali
alkali	surprise	alkali
alkali	trust	alkali
tremendous	anger	enorme
tremendous	anticipation	enorme
tremendous	disgust	enorme
tremendous	fear	enorme
tremendous	joy	enorme
tremendous	negative	enorme
tremendous	positive	enorme
tremendous	sadness	enorme
tremendous	surprise	enorme
tremendous	trust	enorme
casually	anger	casualmente
casually	anticipation	casualmente
casually	disgust	casualmente
casually	fear	casualmente
casually	joy	casualmente
casually	negative	casualmente
casually	positive	casualmente
casually	sadness	casualmente
casually	surprise	casualmente
casually	trust	casualmente
gradation	anger	gradación
gradation	anticipation	de gradación
gradation	disgust	de gradación
gradation	fear	de gradación
gradation	joy	gradación
gradation	negative	de gradación
gradation	positive	de gradación
gradation	sadness	de gradación
gradation	surprise	gradación
gradation	trust	de gradación
scenery	anger	scenery
scenery	anticipation	scenery
scenery	disgust	scenery
scenery	fear	scenery
scenery	joy	scenery
scenery	negative	scenery
scenery	positive	scenery
scenery	sadness	scenery
scenery	surprise	scenery
scenery	trust	scenery
equalization	anger	equalization
equalization	anticipation	equalization
equalization	disgust	equalization
equalization	fear	equalization
equalization	joy	equalization
equalization	negative	equalization
equalization	positive	equalization
equalization	sadness	equalization
equalization	surprise	equalization
equalization	trust	equalization
percentage	anger	porcentaje
percentage	anticipation	de porcentaje
percentage	disgust	de porcentaje
percentage	fear	de porcentaje
percentage	joy	porcentaje
percentage	negative	de porcentaje
percentage	positive	de porcentaje
percentage	sadness	de porcentaje
percentage	surprise	porcentaje
percentage	trust	de porcentaje
hull	anger	hull
hull	anticipation	hull
hull	disgust	hull
hull	fear	hull
hull	joy	hull
hull	negative	hull
hull	positive	hull
hull	sadness	hull
hull	surprise	hull
hull	trust	hull
sanctioned	anger	sancionó
sanctioned	anticipation	sancionado
sanctioned	disgust	sancionó
sanctioned	fear	sancionado
sanctioned	joy	sancionó
sanctioned	negative	sancionado
sanctioned	positive	sancionó
sanctioned	sadness	sancionado
sanctioned	surprise	sancionó
sanctioned	trust	bolígrafo
pen	anger	de bolígrafo
pen	anticipation	de bolígrafo
pen	disgust	sancionado
pen	fear	bolígrafo
pen	joy	de bolígrafo
pen	negative	de bolígrafo
pen	positive	de bolígrafo
pen	sadness	análisis
pen	surprise	de bolígrafo
pen	trust	de bolígrafo
analysis	anger	de bolígrafo
analysis	anticipation	análisis
analysis	disgust	de análisis
analysis	fear	de análisis
analysis	joy	de análisis
analysis	negative	análisis
analysis	positive	de análisis
analysis	sadness	de análisis
analysis	surprise	de análisis
analysis	trust	análisis
languish	anger	languish
languish	anticipation	languish
languish	disgust	languish
languish	fear	languish
languish	joy	languish
languish	negative	languish
languish	positive	languish
languish	sadness	languish
languish	surprise	languish
languish	trust	languish
cornea	anger	córnea
cornea	anticipation	de córnea
cornea	disgust	de córnea
cornea	fear	de córnea
cornea	joy	córnea
cornea	negative	de córnea
cornea	positive	de córnea
cornea	sadness	de córnea
cornea	surprise	introducción
cornea	trust	de introducción
introduction	anger	de córnea
introduction	anticipation	de córnea
introduction	disgust	introducción
introduction	fear	de introducción
introduction	joy	de introducción
introduction	negative	de introducción
introduction	positive	introducción
introduction	sadness	de introducción
introduction	surprise	de introducción
introduction	trust	de introducción
bog	anger	bog
bog	anticipation	bog
bog	disgust	bog
bog	fear	bog
bog	joy	bog
bog	negative	bog
bog	positive	bog
bog	sadness	bog
bog	surprise	bog
bog	trust	bog
clubs	anger	clubes
clubs	anticipation	de clubes
clubs	disgust	de clubes
clubs	fear	de clubes
clubs	joy	clubes
clubs	negative	de clubes
clubs	positive	de clubes
clubs	sadness	de clubes
clubs	surprise	clubes
clubs	trust	de clubes
lurid	anger	lurid
lurid	anticipation	lurid
lurid	disgust	lurid
lurid	fear	lurid
lurid	joy	lurid
lurid	negative	lurid
lurid	positive	lurid
lurid	sadness	lurid
lurid	surprise	lurid
lurid	trust	lurid
meaningless	anger	sin sentido
meaningless	anticipation	sin sentido
meaningless	disgust	sin sentido
meaningless	fear	sin sentido
meaningless	joy	sin sentido
meaningless	negative	sin sentido
meaningless	positive	sin sentido
meaningless	sadness	sin sentido
meaningless	surprise	sin sentido
meaningless	trust	sin sentido
crockery	anger	crockery
crockery	anticipation	crockery
crockery	disgust	crockery
crockery	fear	crockery
crockery	joy	crockery
crockery	negative	crockery
crockery	positive	crockery
crockery	sadness	crockery
crockery	surprise	crockery
crockery	trust	crockery
ink	anger	tinta
ink	anticipation	de tinta
ink	disgust	de tinta
ink	fear	de tinta
ink	joy	tinta
ink	negative	de tinta
ink	positive	de tinta
ink	sadness	de tinta
ink	surprise	auricular
ink	trust	de auricular
receiver	anger	de tinta
receiver	anticipation	de tinta
receiver	disgust	auricular
receiver	fear	de auricular
receiver	joy	de auricular
receiver	negative	de auricular
receiver	positive	auricular
receiver	sadness	de auricular
receiver	surprise	de auricular
receiver	trust	de auricular
thereabouts	anger	thereabouts
thereabouts	anticipation	thereabouts
thereabouts	disgust	thereabouts
thereabouts	fear	thereabouts
thereabouts	joy	thereabouts
thereabouts	negative	thereabouts
thereabouts	positive	thereabouts
thereabouts	sadness	thereabouts
thereabouts	surprise	thereabouts
thereabouts	trust	thereabouts
cargo	anger	cargo
cargo	anticipation	cargo
cargo	disgust	cargo
cargo	fear	cargo
cargo	joy	cargo
cargo	negative	cargo
cargo	positive	cargo
cargo	sadness	cargo
cargo	surprise	cargo
cargo	trust	cargo
analogy	anger	analogy
analogy	anticipation	analogy
analogy	disgust	analogy
analogy	fear	analogy
analogy	joy	analogy
analogy	negative	analogy
analogy	positive	analogy
analogy	sadness	analogy
analogy	surprise	analogy
analogy	trust	analogy
custodian	anger	custodian
custodian	anticipation	custodian
custodian	disgust	custodian
custodian	fear	custodian
custodian	joy	custodian
custodian	negative	custodian
custodian	positive	custodian
custodian	sadness	custodian
custodian	surprise	custodian
custodian	trust	custodian
fixed	anger	fijo
fixed	anticipation	fijo
fixed	disgust	fijo
fixed	fear	fijo
fixed	joy	fijo
fixed	negative	fijo
fixed	positive	fijo
fixed	sadness	fijo
fixed	surprise	fijo
fixed	trust	fijo
harness	anger	harness
harness	anticipation	harness
harness	disgust	harness
harness	fear	harness
harness	joy	harness
harness	negative	harness
harness	positive	harness
harness	sadness	harness
harness	surprise	harness
harness	trust	harness
idol	anger	ídolo
idol	anticipation	de ídolo
idol	disgust	de ídolo
idol	fear	de ídolo
idol	joy	ídolo
idol	negative	de ídolo
idol	positive	de ídolo
idol	sadness	de ídolo
idol	surprise	acento
idol	trust	de acento
accent	anger	de ídolo
accent	anticipation	de ídolo
accent	disgust	acento
accent	fear	de acento
accent	joy	de acento
accent	negative	de acento
accent	positive	acento
accent	sadness	de acento
accent	surprise	de acento
accent	trust	de acento
disengage	anger	disengage
disengage	anticipation	disengage
disengage	disgust	disengage
disengage	fear	disengage
disengage	joy	disengage
disengage	negative	disengage
disengage	positive	disengage
disengage	sadness	disengage
disengage	surprise	disengage
disengage	trust	disengage
reefs	anger	arrecifes
reefs	anticipation	de arrecifes
reefs	disgust	de arrecifes
reefs	fear	de arrecifes
reefs	joy	arrecifes
reefs	negative	de arrecifes
reefs	positive	de arrecifes
reefs	sadness	de arrecifes
reefs	surprise	arrecifes
reefs	trust	de arrecifes
physique	anger	physique
physique	anticipation	physique
physique	disgust	physique
physique	fear	physique
physique	joy	physique
physique	negative	physique
physique	positive	physique
physique	sadness	physique
physique	surprise	physique
physique	trust	physique
deflect	anger	deflect
deflect	anticipation	deflect
deflect	disgust	deflect
deflect	fear	deflect
deflect	joy	deflect
deflect	negative	deflect
deflect	positive	deflect
deflect	sadness	deflect
deflect	surprise	deflect
deflect	trust	deflect
brokerage	anger	corretaje
brokerage	anticipation	de corretaje
brokerage	disgust	de corretaje
brokerage	fear	de corretaje
brokerage	joy	corretaje
brokerage	negative	de corretaje
brokerage	positive	de corretaje
brokerage	sadness	de corretaje
brokerage	surprise	corretaje
brokerage	trust	de corretaje
wig	anger	wig
wig	anticipation	wig
wig	disgust	wig
wig	fear	wig
wig	joy	wig
wig	negative	wig
wig	positive	wig
wig	sadness	wig
wig	surprise	wig
wig	trust	wig
smash	anger	choque
smash	anticipation	de choque
smash	disgust	de choque
smash	fear	de choque
smash	joy	choque
smash	negative	de choque
smash	positive	de choque
smash	sadness	de choque
smash	surprise	choque
smash	trust	de choque
received	anger	recibió
received	anticipation	recibido
received	disgust	recibió
received	fear	recibido
received	joy	recibió
received	negative	recibido
received	positive	recibió
received	sadness	recibido
received	surprise	recibió
received	trust	papel
paper	anger	de papel
paper	anticipation	de papel
paper	disgust	recibido
paper	fear	papel
paper	joy	de papel
paper	negative	de papel
paper	positive	de papel
paper	sadness	papel
paper	surprise	de papel
paper	trust	del papel
stuck	anger	enganchó
stuck	anticipation	enganchado
stuck	disgust	enganchó
stuck	fear	enganchado
stuck	joy	enganchó
stuck	negative	enganchado
stuck	positive	enganchó
stuck	sadness	enganchado
stuck	surprise	enganchó
stuck	trust	enganchado
defend	anger	defender
defend	anticipation	defender
defend	disgust	defender
defend	fear	defender
defend	joy	defender
defend	negative	defender
defend	positive	defender
defend	sadness	defender
defend	surprise	defender
defend	trust	defender
aby	anger	aby
aby	anticipation	aby
aby	disgust	aby
aby	fear	aby
aby	joy	aby
aby	negative	aby
aby	positive	aby
aby	sadness	aby
aby	surprise	aby
aby	trust	aby
envoy	anger	enviado
envoy	anticipation	de enviado
envoy	disgust	de enviado
envoy	fear	de enviado
envoy	joy	enviado
envoy	negative	de enviado
envoy	positive	de enviado
envoy	sadness	de enviado
envoy	surprise	enviado
envoy	trust	de enviado
heroics	anger	heroics
heroics	anticipation	heroics
heroics	disgust	heroics
heroics	fear	heroics
heroics	joy	heroics
heroics	negative	heroics
heroics	positive	heroics
heroics	sadness	heroics
heroics	surprise	heroics
heroics	trust	heroics
boomerang	anger	boomerang
boomerang	anticipation	de boomerang
boomerang	disgust	de boomerang
boomerang	fear	de boomerang
boomerang	joy	boomerang
boomerang	negative	de boomerang
boomerang	positive	de boomerang
boomerang	sadness	de boomerang
boomerang	surprise	conferencia
boomerang	trust	de conferencia
lecture	anger	de boomerang
lecture	anticipation	de boomerang
lecture	disgust	conferencia
lecture	fear	de conferencia
lecture	joy	de conferencia
lecture	negative	de conferencia
lecture	positive	conferencia
lecture	sadness	de conferencia
lecture	surprise	de conferencia
lecture	trust	de conferencia
heartless	anger	heartless
heartless	anticipation	heartless
heartless	disgust	heartless
heartless	fear	heartless
heartless	joy	heartless
heartless	negative	heartless
heartless	positive	heartless
heartless	sadness	heartless
heartless	surprise	heartless
heartless	trust	heartless
reinstatement	anger	reinstatement
reinstatement	anticipation	reinstatement
reinstatement	disgust	reinstatement
reinstatement	fear	reinstatement
reinstatement	joy	reinstatement
reinstatement	negative	reinstatement
reinstatement	positive	reinstatement
reinstatement	sadness	reinstatement
reinstatement	surprise	reinstatement
reinstatement	trust	reinstatement
recursive	anger	recursivo
recursive	anticipation	recursivo
recursive	disgust	recursivo
recursive	fear	recursivo
recursive	joy	recursivo
recursive	negative	recursivo
recursive	positive	recursivo
recursive	sadness	recursivo
recursive	surprise	recursivo
recursive	trust	recursivo
caramel	anger	caramel
caramel	anticipation	caramel
caramel	disgust	caramel
caramel	fear	caramel
caramel	joy	caramel
caramel	negative	caramel
caramel	positive	caramel
caramel	sadness	caramel
caramel	surprise	caramel
caramel	trust	caramel
uniform	anger	uniforme
uniform	anticipation	uniforme
uniform	disgust	uniforme
uniform	fear	uniforme
uniform	joy	uniforme
uniform	negative	uniforme
uniform	positive	uniforme
uniform	sadness	uniforme
uniform	surprise	uniforme
uniform	trust	uniforme
backgammon	anger	backgammon
backgammon	anticipation	backgammon
backgammon	disgust	backgammon
backgammon	fear	backgammon
backgammon	joy	backgammon
backgammon	negative	backgammon
backgammon	positive	backgammon
backgammon	sadness	backgammon
backgammon	surprise	backgammon
backgammon	trust	backgammon
identity	anger	identidad
identity	anticipation	de identidad
identity	disgust	de identidad
identity	fear	de identidad
identity	joy	identidad
identity	negative	de identidad
identity	positive	de identidad
identity	sadness	de identidad
identity	surprise	identidad
identity	trust	de identidad
charcoal	anger	charcoal
charcoal	anticipation	charcoal
charcoal	disgust	charcoal
charcoal	fear	charcoal
charcoal	joy	charcoal
charcoal	negative	charcoal
charcoal	positive	charcoal
charcoal	sadness	charcoal
charcoal	surprise	charcoal
charcoal	trust	charcoal
calculating	anger	calculando
calculating	anticipation	calculando
calculating	disgust	calculando
calculating	fear	calculando
calculating	joy	calculando
calculating	negative	calculando
calculating	positive	calculando
calculating	sadness	calculando
calculating	surprise	calculando
calculating	trust	calculando
overalls	anger	overalls
overalls	anticipation	overalls
overalls	disgust	overalls
overalls	fear	overalls
overalls	joy	overalls
overalls	negative	overalls
overalls	positive	overalls
overalls	sadness	overalls
overalls	surprise	overalls
overalls	trust	overalls
jasper	anger	jaspe
jasper	anticipation	de jaspe
jasper	disgust	de jaspe
jasper	fear	de jaspe
jasper	joy	jaspe
jasper	negative	de jaspe
jasper	positive	de jaspe
jasper	sadness	de jaspe
jasper	surprise	jaspe
jasper	trust	de jaspe
bid	anger	puja
bid	anticipation	la oferta
bid	disgust	pujada
bid	fear	puja
bid	joy	oferta
bid	negative	de oferta
bid	positive	pujada
bid	sadness	puja
bid	surprise	árbitro
bid	trust	de árbitro
arbitrator	anger	de oferta
arbitrator	anticipation	pujado
arbitrator	disgust	árbitro
arbitrator	fear	de árbitro
arbitrator	joy	de árbitro
arbitrator	negative	de árbitro
arbitrator	positive	árbitro
arbitrator	sadness	de árbitro
arbitrator	surprise	de árbitro
arbitrator	trust	de árbitro
devise	anger	ingenia
devise	anticipation	ingeniar
devise	disgust	ingeniar
devise	fear	ingeniar
devise	joy	ingeniar
devise	negative	ingeniar
devise	positive	ingeniar
devise	sadness	ingeniar
devise	surprise	ingeniar
devise	trust	ingeniar
enliven	anger	enliven
enliven	anticipation	enliven
enliven	disgust	enliven
enliven	fear	enliven
enliven	joy	enliven
enliven	negative	enliven
enliven	positive	enliven
enliven	sadness	enliven
enliven	surprise	enliven
enliven	trust	enliven
outpouring	anger	outpouring
outpouring	anticipation	outpouring
outpouring	disgust	outpouring
outpouring	fear	outpouring
outpouring	joy	outpouring
outpouring	negative	outpouring
outpouring	positive	outpouring
outpouring	sadness	outpouring
outpouring	surprise	outpouring
outpouring	trust	outpouring
slice	anger	trozo
slice	anticipation	de trozo
slice	disgust	de trozo
slice	fear	de trozo
slice	joy	trozo
slice	negative	de trozo
slice	positive	de trozo
slice	sadness	de trozo
slice	surprise	trozo
slice	trust	de trozo
dart	anger	dart
dart	anticipation	dart
dart	disgust	dart
dart	fear	dart
dart	joy	dart
dart	negative	dart
dart	positive	dart
dart	sadness	dart
dart	surprise	dart
dart	trust	dart
innate	anger	innato
innate	anticipation	innato
innate	disgust	innato
innate	fear	innato
innate	joy	innato
innate	negative	innato
innate	positive	innato
innate	sadness	innato
innate	surprise	innato
innate	trust	innato
teeming	anger	teeming
teeming	anticipation	teeming
teeming	disgust	teeming
teeming	fear	teeming
teeming	joy	teeming
teeming	negative	teeming
teeming	positive	teeming
teeming	sadness	teeming
teeming	surprise	teeming
teeming	trust	teeming
rota	anger	rota
rota	anticipation	rota
rota	disgust	rota
rota	fear	rota
rota	joy	rota
rota	negative	rota
rota	positive	rota
rota	sadness	rota
rota	surprise	rota
rota	trust	rota
fluke	anger	fluke
fluke	anticipation	fluke
fluke	disgust	fluke
fluke	fear	fluke
fluke	joy	fluke
fluke	negative	fluke
fluke	positive	fluke
fluke	sadness	fluke
fluke	surprise	fluke
fluke	trust	fluke
corpus	anger	corpus
corpus	anticipation	corpus
corpus	disgust	corpus
corpus	fear	corpus
corpus	joy	corpus
corpus	negative	corpus
corpus	positive	corpus
corpus	sadness	corpus
corpus	surprise	corpus
corpus	trust	corpus
methanol	anger	metanol
methanol	anticipation	de metanol
methanol	disgust	de metanol
methanol	fear	de metanol
methanol	joy	metanol
methanol	negative	de metanol
methanol	positive	de metanol
methanol	sadness	de metanol
methanol	surprise	metanol
methanol	trust	de metanol
oral	anger	oral
oral	anticipation	oral
oral	disgust	oral
oral	fear	oral
oral	joy	oral
oral	negative	oral
oral	positive	oral
oral	sadness	oral
oral	surprise	oral
oral	trust	oral
confluence	anger	confluence
confluence	anticipation	confluence
confluence	disgust	confluence
confluence	fear	confluence
confluence	joy	confluence
confluence	negative	confluence
confluence	positive	confluence
confluence	sadness	confluence
confluence	surprise	confluence
confluence	trust	confluence
cooperation	anger	cooperación
cooperation	anticipation	de cooperación
cooperation	disgust	de cooperación
cooperation	fear	de cooperación
cooperation	joy	cooperación
cooperation	negative	de cooperación
cooperation	positive	de cooperación
cooperation	sadness	de cooperación
cooperation	surprise	cooperación
cooperation	trust	de cooperación
insoluble	anger	insoluble
insoluble	anticipation	insoluble
insoluble	disgust	insoluble
insoluble	fear	insoluble
insoluble	joy	insoluble
insoluble	negative	insoluble
insoluble	positive	insoluble
insoluble	sadness	soledad
insoluble	surprise	de soledad
insoluble	trust	insoluble
solitude	anger	insoluble
solitude	anticipation	insoluble
solitude	disgust	soledad
solitude	fear	de soledad
solitude	joy	de soledad
solitude	negative	de soledad
solitude	positive	soledad
solitude	sadness	de soledad
solitude	surprise	de soledad
solitude	trust	de soledad
equilibration	anger	equilibration
equilibration	anticipation	equilibration
equilibration	disgust	equilibration
equilibration	fear	equilibration
equilibration	joy	equilibration
equilibration	negative	equilibration
equilibration	positive	equilibration
equilibration	sadness	equilibration
equilibration	surprise	equilibration
equilibration	trust	equilibration
displacement	anger	cubicaje
displacement	anticipation	de cubicaje
displacement	disgust	de cubicaje
displacement	fear	de cubicaje
displacement	joy	cubicaje
displacement	negative	de cubicaje
displacement	positive	de cubicaje
displacement	sadness	de cubicaje
displacement	surprise	consolidación
displacement	trust	de consolidación
consolidation	anger	de cubicaje
consolidation	anticipation	de cubicaje
consolidation	disgust	consolidación
consolidation	fear	de consolidación
consolidation	joy	de consolidación
consolidation	negative	de consolidación
consolidation	positive	consolidación
consolidation	sadness	de consolidación
consolidation	surprise	de consolidación
consolidation	trust	de consolidación
dictate	anger	dicta
dictate	anticipation	dictar
dictate	disgust	dictar
dictate	fear	dictar
dictate	joy	dictar
dictate	negative	dictar
dictate	positive	dictar
dictate	sadness	dictar
dictate	surprise	dictar
dictate	trust	dictar
regalia	anger	regalia
regalia	anticipation	regalia
regalia	disgust	regalia
regalia	fear	regalia
regalia	joy	regalia
regalia	negative	regalia
regalia	positive	regalia
regalia	sadness	regalia
regalia	surprise	regalia
regalia	trust	regalia
nul	anger	nul
nul	anticipation	nul
nul	disgust	nul
nul	fear	nul
nul	joy	nul
nul	negative	nul
nul	positive	nul
nul	sadness	nul
nul	surprise	nul
nul	trust	nul
biographer	anger	biógrafo
biographer	anticipation	de biógrafo
biographer	disgust	de biógrafo
biographer	fear	de biógrafo
biographer	joy	biógrafo
biographer	negative	de biógrafo
biographer	positive	de biógrafo
biographer	sadness	de biógrafo
biographer	surprise	biógrafo
biographer	trust	de biógrafo
aspiration	anger	aspiration
aspiration	anticipation	aspiration
aspiration	disgust	aspiration
aspiration	fear	aspiration
aspiration	joy	aspiration
aspiration	negative	aspiration
aspiration	positive	aspiration
aspiration	sadness	aspiration
aspiration	surprise	aspiration
aspiration	trust	aspiration
fate	anger	destino
fate	anticipation	de destino
fate	disgust	de destino
fate	fear	de destino
fate	joy	destino
fate	negative	de destino
fate	positive	de destino
fate	sadness	de destino
fate	surprise	destino
fate	trust	de destino
forsooth	anger	forsooth
forsooth	anticipation	forsooth
forsooth	disgust	forsooth
forsooth	fear	forsooth
forsooth	joy	forsooth
forsooth	negative	forsooth
forsooth	positive	forsooth
forsooth	sadness	forsooth
forsooth	surprise	forsooth
forsooth	trust	forsooth
negligible	anger	insignificante
negligible	anticipation	insignificante
negligible	disgust	insignificante
negligible	fear	insignificante
negligible	joy	insignificante
negligible	negative	insignificante
negligible	positive	insignificante
negligible	sadness	insignificante
negligible	surprise	insignificante
negligible	trust	insignificante
frightened	anger	asustó
frightened	anticipation	asustado
frightened	disgust	asustó
frightened	fear	asustado
frightened	joy	asustó
frightened	negative	asustado
frightened	positive	asustó
frightened	sadness	asustado
frightened	surprise	asustó
frightened	trust	asustado
rainy	anger	lluvioso
rainy	anticipation	lluvioso
rainy	disgust	lluvioso
rainy	fear	lluvioso
rainy	joy	lluvioso
rainy	negative	lluvioso
rainy	positive	lluvioso
rainy	sadness	crucifijo
rainy	surprise	de crucifijo
rainy	trust	lluvioso
crucifix	anger	lluvioso
crucifix	anticipation	lluvioso
crucifix	disgust	crucifijo
crucifix	fear	de crucifijo
crucifix	joy	de crucifijo
crucifix	negative	de crucifijo
crucifix	positive	crucifijo
crucifix	sadness	de crucifijo
crucifix	surprise	de crucifijo
crucifix	trust	de crucifijo
intended	anger	pretendió
intended	anticipation	pretendido
intended	disgust	pretendió
intended	fear	pretendido
intended	joy	pretendió
intended	negative	pretendió
intended	positive	pretendido
intended	sadness	pretendió
intended	surprise	pretendido
intended	trust	pretendió
sands	anger	arenas
sands	anticipation	de arenas
sands	disgust	de arenas
sands	fear	de arenas
sands	joy	arenas
sands	negative	de arenas
sands	positive	de arenas
sands	sadness	de arenas
sands	surprise	arenas
sands	trust	de arenas
allege	anger	alegan
allege	anticipation	alegar
allege	disgust	alegar
allege	fear	alegar
allege	joy	alegar
allege	negative	alegar
allege	positive	alegar
allege	sadness	alegar
allege	surprise	alegar
allege	trust	alegar
rogue	anger	rogue
rogue	anticipation	rogue
rogue	disgust	rogue
rogue	fear	rogue
rogue	joy	rogue
rogue	negative	rogue
rogue	positive	rogue
rogue	sadness	rogue
rogue	surprise	rogue
rogue	trust	rogue
recognizable	anger	reconocible
recognizable	anticipation	reconocible
recognizable	disgust	reconocible
recognizable	fear	reconocible
recognizable	joy	reconocible
recognizable	negative	reconocible
recognizable	positive	reconocible
recognizable	sadness	reconocible
recognizable	surprise	reconocible
recognizable	trust	reconocible
evict	anger	evict
evict	anticipation	evict
evict	disgust	evict
evict	fear	evict
evict	joy	evict
evict	negative	evict
evict	positive	evict
evict	sadness	evict
evict	surprise	evict
evict	trust	evict
specification	anger	especificación
specification	anticipation	de especificación
specification	disgust	de especificación
specification	fear	de especificación
specification	joy	especificación
specification	negative	de especificación
specification	positive	de especificación
specification	sadness	de especificación
specification	surprise	especificación
specification	trust	de especificación
dehydrated	anger	deshidrató
dehydrated	anticipation	deshidratada
dehydrated	disgust	deshidrató
dehydrated	fear	deshidratado
dehydrated	joy	deshidrató
dehydrated	negative	deshidratado
dehydrated	positive	deshidrató
dehydrated	sadness	deshidratado
dehydrated	surprise	deshidrató
dehydrated	trust	agresor
assailant	anger	de agresor
assailant	anticipation	de agresor
assailant	disgust	deshidratado
assailant	fear	agresor
assailant	joy	de agresor
assailant	negative	de agresor
assailant	positive	de agresor
assailant	sadness	compañía
assailant	surprise	de agresor
assailant	trust	de agresor
company	anger	de agresor
company	anticipation	compañía
company	disgust	de compañía
company	fear	de compañía
company	joy	de compañía
company	negative	compañía
company	positive	de compañía
company	sadness	de compañía
company	surprise	de compañía
company	trust	la compañía que
attacking	anger	ataca
attacking	anticipation	atacando
attacking	disgust	atacando
attacking	fear	atacando
attacking	joy	atacando
attacking	negative	atacando
attacking	positive	atacando
attacking	sadness	atacando
attacking	surprise	atacando
attacking	trust	atacando
tulip	anger	tulipán
tulip	anticipation	de tulipán
tulip	disgust	de tulipán
tulip	fear	de tulipán
tulip	joy	tulipán
tulip	negative	de tulipán
tulip	positive	de tulipán
tulip	sadness	de tulipán
tulip	surprise	tulipán
tulip	trust	de tulipán
progressive	anger	progresivo
progressive	anticipation	progresivo
progressive	disgust	progresivo
progressive	fear	progresivo
progressive	joy	progresivo
progressive	negative	progresivo
progressive	positive	progresivo
progressive	sadness	mejillas
progressive	surprise	de mejillas
progressive	trust	progresivas
cheeks	anger	progresivas
cheeks	anticipation	progresivas
cheeks	disgust	mejillas
cheeks	fear	de mejillas
cheeks	joy	de mejillas
cheeks	negative	de mejillas
cheeks	positive	mejillas
cheeks	sadness	de mejillas
cheeks	surprise	de mejillas
cheeks	trust	de mejillas
coy	anger	coy
coy	anticipation	coy
coy	disgust	coy
coy	fear	coy
coy	joy	coy
coy	negative	coy
coy	positive	coy
coy	sadness	coy
coy	surprise	coy
coy	trust	coy
meditate	anger	meditate
meditate	anticipation	meditate
meditate	disgust	meditate
meditate	fear	meditate
meditate	joy	meditate
meditate	negative	meditate
meditate	positive	meditate
meditate	sadness	meditate
meditate	surprise	meditate
meditate	trust	meditate
embryonic	anger	embrionarios
embryonic	anticipation	embrionarios
embryonic	disgust	embrionarios
embryonic	fear	embrionarios
embryonic	joy	embrionarios
embryonic	negative	embrionarios
embryonic	positive	embrionarios
embryonic	sadness	unificación
embryonic	surprise	de unificación
embryonic	trust	embrionaria
unification	anger	embrionaria
unification	anticipation	embrionaria
unification	disgust	unificación
unification	fear	de unificación
unification	joy	de unificación
unification	negative	de unificación
unification	positive	unificación
unification	sadness	de unificación
unification	surprise	de unificación
unification	trust	de unificación
industry	anger	industria
industry	anticipation	de industria
industry	disgust	de industria
industry	fear	de industria
industry	joy	industria
industry	negative	de industria
industry	positive	de industria
industry	sadness	de industria
industry	surprise	industria
industry	trust	de industria
furlough	anger	furlough
furlough	anticipation	furlough
furlough	disgust	furlough
furlough	fear	furlough
furlough	joy	furlough
furlough	negative	furlough
furlough	positive	furlough
furlough	sadness	furlough
furlough	surprise	furlough
furlough	trust	furlough
leathery	anger	correoso
leathery	anticipation	correoso
leathery	disgust	correoso
leathery	fear	correoso
leathery	joy	correoso
leathery	negative	correoso
leathery	positive	correoso
leathery	sadness	familiaridad
leathery	surprise	de familiaridad
leathery	trust	correosa
familiarity	anger	correosa
familiarity	anticipation	correosa
familiarity	disgust	familiaridad
familiarity	fear	de familiaridad
familiarity	joy	de familiaridad
familiarity	negative	de familiaridad
familiarity	positive	familiaridad
familiarity	sadness	de familiaridad
familiarity	surprise	de familiaridad
familiarity	trust	de familiaridad
tacit	anger	tácita
tacit	anticipation	tácito
tacit	disgust	tácito
tacit	fear	tácito
tacit	joy	tácito
tacit	negative	tácito
tacit	positive	tácito
tacit	sadness	tácito
tacit	surprise	tácito
tacit	trust	tácito
shoddy	anger	de baja calidad
shoddy	anticipation	de baja calidad
shoddy	disgust	de baja calidad
shoddy	fear	de baja calidad
shoddy	joy	de baja calidad
shoddy	negative	de baja calidad
shoddy	positive	de baja calidad
shoddy	sadness	de baja calidad
shoddy	surprise	de baja calidad
shoddy	trust	de baja calidad
regretting	anger	lamentando
regretting	anticipation	lamentando
regretting	disgust	lamentando
regretting	fear	lamentando
regretting	joy	lamentando
regretting	negative	lamentando
regretting	positive	lamentando
regretting	sadness	lamentando
regretting	surprise	lamentando
regretting	trust	lamentando
flying	anger	vuelo
flying	anticipation	de vuelo
flying	disgust	de vuelo
flying	fear	de vuelo
flying	joy	vuelo
flying	negative	de vuelo
flying	positive	de vuelo
flying	sadness	de vuelo
flying	surprise	el vuelo que
flying	trust	vuela
puff	anger	puff
puff	anticipation	puff
puff	disgust	puff
puff	fear	puff
puff	joy	puff
puff	negative	puff
puff	positive	puff
puff	sadness	puff
puff	surprise	puff
puff	trust	puff
malleable	anger	maleable
malleable	anticipation	maleable
malleable	disgust	maleable
malleable	fear	maleable
malleable	joy	maleable
malleable	negative	maleable
malleable	positive	maleable
malleable	sadness	maleable
malleable	surprise	maleable
malleable	trust	maleable
bane	anger	bane
bane	anticipation	bane
bane	disgust	bane
bane	fear	bane
bane	joy	bane
bane	negative	bane
bane	positive	bane
bane	sadness	bane
bane	surprise	bane
bane	trust	bane
odor	anger	olor
odor	anticipation	de olor
odor	disgust	de olor
odor	fear	de olor
odor	joy	olor
odor	negative	de olor
odor	positive	de olor
odor	sadness	de olor
odor	surprise	olor
odor	trust	de olor
choose	anger	escoge
choose	anticipation	escoger
choose	disgust	escoger
choose	fear	escoger
choose	joy	escoger
choose	negative	escoger
choose	positive	escoger
choose	sadness	escoger
choose	surprise	escoger
choose	trust	escoger
coloring	anger	coloring
coloring	anticipation	coloring
coloring	disgust	coloring
coloring	fear	coloring
coloring	joy	coloring
coloring	negative	coloring
coloring	positive	coloring
coloring	sadness	coloring
coloring	surprise	coloring
coloring	trust	coloring
elapsed	anger	elapsed
elapsed	anticipation	elapsed
elapsed	disgust	elapsed
elapsed	fear	elapsed
elapsed	joy	elapsed
elapsed	negative	elapsed
elapsed	positive	elapsed
elapsed	sadness	elapsed
elapsed	surprise	elapsed
elapsed	trust	elapsed
hanging	anger	colgando
hanging	anticipation	colgando
hanging	disgust	colgando
hanging	fear	colgando
hanging	joy	colgando
hanging	negative	colgando
hanging	positive	colgando
hanging	sadness	colgando
hanging	surprise	colgando
hanging	trust	colgando
departed	anger	departed
departed	anticipation	departed
departed	disgust	departed
departed	fear	departed
departed	joy	departed
departed	negative	departed
departed	positive	departed
departed	sadness	departed
departed	surprise	departed
departed	trust	departed
fatigued	anger	fatigued
fatigued	anticipation	fatigued
fatigued	disgust	fatigued
fatigued	fear	fatigued
fatigued	joy	fatigued
fatigued	negative	fatigued
fatigued	positive	fatigued
fatigued	sadness	fatigued
fatigued	surprise	fatigued
fatigued	trust	fatigued
carcass	anger	carcass
carcass	anticipation	carcass
carcass	disgust	carcass
carcass	fear	carcass
carcass	joy	carcass
carcass	negative	carcass
carcass	positive	carcass
carcass	sadness	carcass
carcass	surprise	carcass
carcass	trust	carcass
sissy	anger	sissy
sissy	anticipation	sissy
sissy	disgust	sissy
sissy	fear	sissy
sissy	joy	sissy
sissy	negative	sissy
sissy	positive	sissy
sissy	sadness	sissy
sissy	surprise	sissy
sissy	trust	sissy
property	anger	propiedad
property	anticipation	de propiedad
property	disgust	de propiedad
property	fear	de propiedad
property	joy	propiedad
property	negative	de propiedad
property	positive	de propiedad
property	sadness	de propiedad
property	surprise	utilización
property	trust	de utilización
utilization	anger	de propiedad
utilization	anticipation	de propiedad
utilization	disgust	utilización
utilization	fear	de utilización
utilization	joy	de utilización
utilization	negative	de utilización
utilization	positive	utilización
utilization	sadness	de utilización
utilization	surprise	de utilización
utilization	trust	de utilización
clauses	anger	cláusulas
clauses	anticipation	de cláusulas
clauses	disgust	de cláusulas
clauses	fear	de cláusulas
clauses	joy	cláusulas
clauses	negative	de cláusulas
clauses	positive	de cláusulas
clauses	sadness	de cláusulas
clauses	surprise	cláusulas
clauses	trust	de cláusulas
middle	anger	medias
middle	anticipation	medios
middle	disgust	medios
middle	fear	medios
middle	joy	medios
middle	negative	medios
middle	positive	medios
middle	sadness	adquisiciones
middle	surprise	de adquisiciones
middle	trust	medias
acquisitions	anger	medias
acquisitions	anticipation	medias
acquisitions	disgust	adquisiciones
acquisitions	fear	de adquisiciones
acquisitions	joy	de adquisiciones
acquisitions	negative	de adquisiciones
acquisitions	positive	adquisiciones
acquisitions	sadness	de adquisiciones
acquisitions	surprise	de adquisiciones
acquisitions	trust	de adquisiciones
repress	anger	reprimen
repress	anticipation	reprimir
repress	disgust	reprimir
repress	fear	reprimir
repress	joy	reprimir
repress	negative	reprimir
repress	positive	reprimir
repress	sadness	reprimir
repress	surprise	reprimir
repress	trust	reprimir
younger	anger	más joven
younger	anticipation	más joven
younger	disgust	más joven
younger	fear	más joven
younger	joy	más joven
younger	negative	más joven
younger	positive	más joven
younger	sadness	pañal
younger	surprise	de pañal
younger	trust	más joven
diaper	anger	más joven
diaper	anticipation	más joven
diaper	disgust	pañal
diaper	fear	de pañal
diaper	joy	de pañal
diaper	negative	de pañal
diaper	positive	pañal
diaper	sadness	de pañal
diaper	surprise	de pañal
diaper	trust	de pañal
gourmet	anger	gourmet
gourmet	anticipation	de gourmet
gourmet	disgust	de gourmet
gourmet	fear	de gourmet
gourmet	joy	gourmet
gourmet	negative	de gourmet
gourmet	positive	de gourmet
gourmet	sadness	de gourmet
gourmet	surprise	gourmet
gourmet	trust	de gourmet
bovine	anger	bovino
bovine	anticipation	bovino
bovine	disgust	bovino
bovine	fear	bovino
bovine	joy	bovino
bovine	negative	bovino
bovine	positive	bovino
bovine	sadness	tejido
bovine	surprise	de tejido
bovine	trust	bovino
fabric	anger	bovino
fabric	anticipation	bovino
fabric	disgust	tejido
fabric	fear	de tejido
fabric	joy	de tejido
fabric	negative	de tejido
fabric	positive	tejido
fabric	sadness	de tejido
fabric	surprise	de tejido
fabric	trust	de tejido
jaundice	anger	ictericia
jaundice	anticipation	de ictericia
jaundice	disgust	de ictericia
jaundice	fear	de ictericia
jaundice	joy	ictericia
jaundice	negative	de ictericia
jaundice	positive	de ictericia
jaundice	sadness	de ictericia
jaundice	surprise	ictericia
jaundice	trust	de ictericia
ragged	anger	ragged
ragged	anticipation	ragged
ragged	disgust	ragged
ragged	fear	ragged
ragged	joy	ragged
ragged	negative	ragged
ragged	positive	ragged
ragged	sadness	ragged
ragged	surprise	ragged
ragged	trust	ragged
bounce	anger	botar
bounce	anticipation	botar
bounce	disgust	botar
bounce	fear	botar
bounce	joy	botar
bounce	negative	botar
bounce	positive	botar
bounce	sadness	botar
bounce	surprise	botar
bounce	trust	botar
eat	anger	comer
eat	anticipation	comer
eat	disgust	comer
eat	fear	comer
eat	joy	comer
eat	negative	comer
eat	positive	comer
eat	sadness	comer
eat	surprise	comer
eat	trust	comer
function	anger	función
function	anticipation	de función
function	disgust	de función
function	fear	de función
function	joy	función
function	negative	de función
function	positive	de función
function	sadness	de función
function	surprise	función
function	trust	de función
tuition	anger	tuition
tuition	anticipation	
tuition	disgust	tuition
tuition	fear	tuition
tuition	joy	tuition
tuition	negative	tuition
tuition	positive	tuition
tuition	sadness	tuition
tuition	surprise	tuition
tuition	trust	tuition
batching	anger	tuition
batching	anticipation	batching batching
batching	disgust	batching
batching	fear	batching
batching	joy	batching
batching	negative	batching
batching	positive	batching
batching	sadness	batching
batching	surprise	batching
batching	trust	batching
helplessness	anger	helplessness
helplessness	anticipation	helplessness
helplessness	disgust	helplessness
helplessness	fear	helplessness
helplessness	joy	helplessness
helplessness	negative	helplessness
helplessness	positive	helplessness
helplessness	sadness	helplessness
helplessness	surprise	helplessness
helplessness	trust	helplessness
stretcher	anger	camilla
stretcher	anticipation	de camilla
stretcher	disgust	de camilla
stretcher	fear	de camilla
stretcher	joy	camilla
stretcher	negative	de camilla
stretcher	positive	de camilla
stretcher	sadness	de camilla
stretcher	surprise	camilla
stretcher	trust	de camilla
defeated	anger	vencida
defeated	anticipation	vencido
defeated	disgust	vencido
defeated	fear	vencido
defeated	joy	vencido
defeated	negative	vencido
defeated	positive	vencido
defeated	sadness	vencido
defeated	surprise	vencido
defeated	trust	vencido
bawdy	anger	bawdy
bawdy	anticipation	bawdy
bawdy	disgust	bawdy
bawdy	fear	bawdy
bawdy	joy	bawdy
bawdy	negative	bawdy
bawdy	positive	bawdy
bawdy	sadness	bawdy
bawdy	surprise	bawdy
bawdy	trust	bawdy
doctrinal	anger	doctrinal
doctrinal	anticipation	doctrinal
doctrinal	disgust	doctrinal
doctrinal	fear	doctrinal
doctrinal	joy	doctrinal
doctrinal	negative	doctrinal
doctrinal	positive	doctrinal
doctrinal	sadness	doctrinal
doctrinal	surprise	doctrinal
doctrinal	trust	doctrinal
propaganda	anger	propaganda
propaganda	anticipation	de propaganda
propaganda	disgust	de propaganda
propaganda	fear	de propaganda
propaganda	joy	propaganda
propaganda	negative	de propaganda
propaganda	positive	de propaganda
propaganda	sadness	de propaganda
propaganda	surprise	poney
propaganda	trust	de poney
pony	anger	de propaganda
pony	anticipation	de propaganda
pony	disgust	poney
pony	fear	de poney
pony	joy	de poney
pony	negative	de poney
pony	positive	poney
pony	sadness	de poney
pony	surprise	de poney
pony	trust	de poney
plunge	anger	sumerge
plunge	anticipation	sumergir
plunge	disgust	sumergir
plunge	fear	sumergir
plunge	joy	sumergir
plunge	negative	sumergir
plunge	positive	sumergir
plunge	sadness	sumergir
plunge	surprise	sumergir
plunge	trust	sumergir
soak	anger	remojar
soak	anticipation	remojar
soak	disgust	remojar
soak	fear	remojar
soak	joy	remojar
soak	negative	remojar
soak	positive	remojar
soak	sadness	remojar
soak	surprise	remojar
soak	trust	remojar
cat	anger	gato
cat	anticipation	de gato
cat	disgust	de gato
cat	fear	de gato
cat	joy	gato
cat	negative	de gato
cat	positive	de gato
cat	sadness	de gato
cat	surprise	gato
cat	trust	de gato
unintentionally	anger	involuntariamente
unintentionally	anticipation	involuntariamente
unintentionally	disgust	involuntariamente
unintentionally	fear	involuntariamente
unintentionally	joy	involuntariamente
unintentionally	negative	involuntariamente
unintentionally	positive	involuntariamente
unintentionally	sadness	involuntariamente
unintentionally	surprise	involuntariamente
unintentionally	trust	involuntariamente
spaniel	anger	spaniel
spaniel	anticipation	spaniel
spaniel	disgust	spaniel
spaniel	fear	spaniel
spaniel	joy	spaniel
spaniel	negative	spaniel
spaniel	positive	spaniel
spaniel	sadness	spaniel
spaniel	surprise	spaniel
spaniel	trust	spaniel
promoter	anger	promotor
promoter	anticipation	de promotor
promoter	disgust	de promotor
promoter	fear	de promotor
promoter	joy	promotor
promoter	negative	de promotor
promoter	positive	de promotor
promoter	sadness	de promotor
promoter	surprise	zueco
promoter	trust	de zueco
clog	anger	de promotor
clog	anticipation	de promotor
clog	disgust	zueco
clog	fear	de zueco
clog	joy	de zueco
clog	negative	de zueco
clog	positive	zueco
clog	sadness	de zueco
clog	surprise	de zueco
clog	trust	de zueco
flex	anger	flex
flex	anticipation	flex
flex	disgust	flex
flex	fear	flex
flex	joy	flex
flex	negative	flex
flex	positive	flex
flex	sadness	flex
flex	surprise	flex
flex	trust	flex
mist	anger	neblina
mist	anticipation	de neblina
mist	disgust	de neblina
mist	fear	de neblina
mist	joy	neblina
mist	negative	de neblina
mist	positive	de neblina
mist	sadness	de neblina
mist	surprise	concierto
mist	trust	de concierto
concert	anger	de neblina
concert	anticipation	de neblina
concert	disgust	concierto
concert	fear	de concierto
concert	joy	de concierto
concert	negative	de concierto
concert	positive	concierto
concert	sadness	de concierto
concert	surprise	de concierto
concert	trust	de concierto
deceive	anger	engaña
deceive	anticipation	engañar
deceive	disgust	engañar
deceive	fear	engañar
deceive	joy	engañar
deceive	negative	engañar
deceive	positive	engañar
deceive	sadness	engañar
deceive	surprise	engañar
deceive	trust	engañar
impression	anger	impresión
impression	anticipation	de impresión
impression	disgust	de impresión
impression	fear	de impresión
impression	joy	impresión
impression	negative	de impresión
impression	positive	de impresión
impression	sadness	de impresión
impression	surprise	impresión
impression	trust	de impresión
barren	anger	estéril
barren	anticipation	estéril
barren	disgust	estéril
barren	fear	estéril
barren	joy	estéril
barren	negative	estéril
barren	positive	estéril
barren	sadness	estéril
barren	surprise	estéril
barren	trust	estéril
dutiful	anger	obediente
dutiful	anticipation	obediente
dutiful	disgust	obediente
dutiful	fear	obediente
dutiful	joy	obediente
dutiful	negative	obediente
dutiful	positive	obediente
dutiful	sadness	obediente
dutiful	surprise	obediente
dutiful	trust	obediente
instantaneous	anger	instantáneo
instantaneous	anticipation	instantáneo
instantaneous	disgust	instantáneo
instantaneous	fear	instantáneo
instantaneous	joy	instantáneo
instantaneous	negative	instantáneo
instantaneous	positive	instantáneo
instantaneous	sadness	instantáneo
instantaneous	surprise	instantáneo
instantaneous	trust	instantáneo
lush	anger	lush
lush	anticipation	lush
lush	disgust	lush
lush	fear	lush
lush	joy	lush
lush	negative	lush
lush	positive	lush
lush	sadness	lush
lush	surprise	lush
lush	trust	lush
untrue	anger	untrue
untrue	anticipation	untrue
untrue	disgust	untrue
untrue	fear	untrue
untrue	joy	untrue
untrue	negative	untrue
untrue	positive	untrue
untrue	sadness	untrue
untrue	surprise	untrue
untrue	trust	untrue
approximating	anger	aproximando
approximating	anticipation	aproximando
approximating	disgust	aproximando
approximating	fear	aproximando
approximating	joy	aproximando
approximating	negative	aproximando
approximating	positive	aproximando
approximating	sadness	aproximando
approximating	surprise	aproximando
approximating	trust	aproximando
modulate	anger	modula
modulate	anticipation	modular
modulate	disgust	modular
modulate	fear	modular
modulate	joy	modular
modulate	negative	modular
modulate	positive	modular
modulate	sadness	modular
modulate	surprise	modular
modulate	trust	modular
collaborator	anger	colaborador
collaborator	anticipation	de colaborador
collaborator	disgust	de colaborador
collaborator	fear	de colaborador
collaborator	joy	colaborador
collaborator	negative	de colaborador
collaborator	positive	de colaborador
collaborator	sadness	de colaborador
collaborator	surprise	colaborador
collaborator	trust	de colaborador
constant	anger	constante
constant	anticipation	constante
constant	disgust	constante
constant	fear	constante
constant	joy	constante
constant	negative	constante
constant	positive	constante
constant	sadness	constante
constant	surprise	constante
constant	trust	constante
accordion	anger	accordion
accordion	anticipation	accordion
accordion	disgust	accordion
accordion	fear	accordion
accordion	joy	accordion
accordion	negative	accordion
accordion	positive	accordion
accordion	sadness	accordion
accordion	surprise	accordion
accordion	trust	accordion
halfway	anger	halfway
halfway	anticipation	halfway
halfway	disgust	halfway
halfway	fear	halfway
halfway	joy	halfway
halfway	negative	halfway
halfway	positive	halfway
halfway	sadness	halfway
halfway	surprise	halfway
halfway	trust	halfway
crew	anger	tripulación
crew	anticipation	de tripulación
crew	disgust	de tripulación
crew	fear	de tripulación
crew	joy	tripulación
crew	negative	de tripulación
crew	positive	de tripulación
crew	sadness	de tripulación
crew	surprise	tripulación
crew	trust	de tripulación
financial	anger	financiera
financial	anticipation	financiero
financial	disgust	financiero
financial	fear	financiero
financial	joy	financiero
financial	negative	financiero
financial	positive	financiero
financial	sadness	financiero
financial	surprise	financiero
financial	trust	financiero
wake	anger	despertar
wake	anticipation	despertar
wake	disgust	despertar
wake	fear	despertar
wake	joy	despertar
wake	negative	despertar
wake	positive	despertar
wake	sadness	despertar
wake	surprise	despertar
wake	trust	despertar
nominal	anger	nominal
nominal	anticipation	nominal
nominal	disgust	nominal
nominal	fear	nominal
nominal	joy	nominal
nominal	negative	nominal
nominal	positive	nominal
nominal	sadness	nominal
nominal	surprise	nominal
nominal	trust	nominal
itinerant	anger	itinerante
itinerant	anticipation	itinerante
itinerant	disgust	itinerante
itinerant	fear	itinerante
itinerant	joy	itinerante
itinerant	negative	itinerante
itinerant	positive	itinerante
itinerant	sadness	itinerante
itinerant	surprise	itinerante
itinerant	trust	itinerante
revolt	anger	repugnar
revolt	anticipation	repugnar
revolt	disgust	repugnar
revolt	fear	repugnar
revolt	joy	repugnar
revolt	negative	repugnar
revolt	positive	repugnar
revolt	sadness	repugnar
revolt	surprise	repugnar
revolt	trust	repugnar
instructions	anger	instrucciones
instructions	anticipation	de instrucciones
instructions	disgust	de instrucciones
instructions	fear	de instrucciones
instructions	joy	instrucciones
instructions	negative	de instrucciones
instructions	positive	de instrucciones
instructions	sadness	de instrucciones
instructions	surprise	instrucciones
instructions	trust	de instrucciones
justifiable	anger	justificables
justifiable	anticipation	justificables
justifiable	disgust	justificables
justifiable	fear	justificables
justifiable	joy	justificables
justifiable	negative	justificables
justifiable	positive	justificables
justifiable	sadness	justificables
justifiable	surprise	justificables
justifiable	trust	justificables
blaze	anger	blaze
blaze	anticipation	blaze
blaze	disgust	blaze
blaze	fear	blaze
blaze	joy	blaze
blaze	negative	blaze
blaze	positive	blaze
blaze	sadness	blaze
blaze	surprise	blaze
blaze	trust	blaze
peri	anger	peri
peri	anticipation	peri
peri	disgust	peri
peri	fear	peri
peri	joy	peri
peri	negative	peri
peri	positive	peri
peri	sadness	peri
peri	surprise	peri
peri	trust	peri
excrement	anger	excremento
excrement	anticipation	de excremento
excrement	disgust	de excremento
excrement	fear	de excremento
excrement	joy	excremento
excrement	negative	de excremento
excrement	positive	de excremento
excrement	sadness	de excremento
excrement	surprise	excremento
excrement	trust	de excremento
sweetener	anger	sweetener
sweetener	anticipation	sweetener
sweetener	disgust	sweetener
sweetener	fear	sweetener
sweetener	joy	sweetener
sweetener	negative	sweetener
sweetener	positive	sweetener
sweetener	sadness	sweetener
sweetener	surprise	sweetener
sweetener	trust	sweetener
joining	anger	uniendo
joining	anticipation	uniendo
joining	disgust	uniendo
joining	fear	uniendo
joining	joy	uniendo
joining	negative	uniendo
joining	positive	uniendo
joining	sadness	uniendo
joining	surprise	uniendo
joining	trust	uniendo
slam	anger	portazo
slam	anticipation	de portazo
slam	disgust	de portazo
slam	fear	de portazo
slam	joy	portazo
slam	negative	de portazo
slam	positive	de portazo
slam	sadness	de portazo
slam	surprise	portazo
slam	trust	de portazo que
reassuring	anger	tranquiliza
reassuring	anticipation	tranquilizando
reassuring	disgust	tranquilizando
reassuring	fear	tranquilizando
reassuring	joy	tranquilizando
reassuring	negative	tranquilizando
reassuring	positive	tranquilizando
reassuring	sadness	tranquilizando
reassuring	surprise	tranquilizando
reassuring	trust	tranquilizando
beseech	anger	beseech
beseech	anticipation	beseech
beseech	disgust	beseech
beseech	fear	beseech
beseech	joy	beseech
beseech	negative	beseech
beseech	positive	beseech
beseech	sadness	beseech
beseech	surprise	beseech
beseech	trust	beseech
vacuous	anger	vacuous
vacuous	anticipation	vacuous
vacuous	disgust	vacuous
vacuous	fear	vacuous
vacuous	joy	vacuous
vacuous	negative	vacuous
vacuous	positive	vacuous
vacuous	sadness	vacuous
vacuous	surprise	vacuous
vacuous	trust	vacuous
clothes	anger	ropa
clothes	anticipation	de ropa
clothes	disgust	de ropa
clothes	fear	de ropa
clothes	joy	ropa
clothes	negative	de ropa
clothes	positive	de ropa
clothes	sadness	de ropa
clothes	surprise	fluidez
clothes	trust	de fluidez
fluidity	anger	de ropa
fluidity	anticipation	de ropa
fluidity	disgust	fluidez
fluidity	fear	de fluidez
fluidity	joy	de fluidez
fluidity	negative	de fluidez
fluidity	positive	fluidez
fluidity	sadness	de fluidez
fluidity	surprise	de fluidez
fluidity	trust	de fluidez
minibus	anger	minibus
minibus	anticipation	minibus
minibus	disgust	minibus
minibus	fear	minibus
minibus	joy	minibus
minibus	negative	minibus
minibus	positive	minibus
minibus	sadness	minibus
minibus	surprise	minibus
minibus	trust	minibus
mosque	anger	mezquita
mosque	anticipation	de mezquita
mosque	disgust	de mezquita
mosque	fear	de mezquita
mosque	joy	mezquita
mosque	negative	de mezquita
mosque	positive	de mezquita
mosque	sadness	de mezquita
mosque	surprise	mezquita
mosque	trust	de mezquita
insure	anger	asegura
insure	anticipation	asegurar
insure	disgust	asegurar
insure	fear	asegurar
insure	joy	asegurar
insure	negative	asegurar
insure	positive	asegurar
insure	sadness	asegurar
insure	surprise	asegurar
insure	trust	asegurar
bequeath	anger	legar
bequeath	anticipation	legar
bequeath	disgust	legar
bequeath	fear	legar
bequeath	joy	legar
bequeath	negative	legar
bequeath	positive	legar
bequeath	sadness	legar
bequeath	surprise	legar
bequeath	trust	legar
inversely	anger	inversely
inversely	anticipation	inversely
inversely	disgust	inversely
inversely	fear	inversely
inversely	joy	inversely
inversely	negative	inversely
inversely	positive	inversely
inversely	sadness	inversely
inversely	surprise	inversely
inversely	trust	inversely
antiseptic	anger	antiseptic
antiseptic	anticipation	antiseptic
antiseptic	disgust	antiseptic
antiseptic	fear	antiseptic
antiseptic	joy	antiseptic
antiseptic	negative	antiseptic
antiseptic	positive	antiseptic
antiseptic	sadness	antiseptic
antiseptic	surprise	antiseptic
antiseptic	trust	antiseptic
location	anger	ubicación
location	anticipation	de ubicación
location	disgust	de ubicación
location	fear	de ubicación
location	joy	ubicación
location	negative	de ubicación
location	positive	de ubicación
location	sadness	de ubicación
location	surprise	glaciar
location	trust	de glaciar
glacier	anger	de ubicación
glacier	anticipation	de ubicación
glacier	disgust	glaciar
glacier	fear	de glaciar
glacier	joy	de glaciar
glacier	negative	de glaciar
glacier	positive	glaciar
glacier	sadness	de glaciar
glacier	surprise	de glaciar
glacier	trust	de glaciar
recess	anger	receso
recess	anticipation	de receso
recess	disgust	de receso
recess	fear	de receso
recess	joy	receso
recess	negative	de receso
recess	positive	de receso
recess	sadness	de receso
recess	surprise	ocupación
recess	trust	de ocupación
occupation	anger	de receso
occupation	anticipation	de receso
occupation	disgust	ocupación
occupation	fear	de ocupación
occupation	joy	de ocupación
occupation	negative	de ocupación
occupation	positive	ocupación
occupation	sadness	de ocupación
occupation	surprise	de ocupación
occupation	trust	de ocupación
bilayer	anger	bilayer
bilayer	anticipation	bilayer
bilayer	disgust	bilayer
bilayer	fear	bilayer
bilayer	joy	bilayer
bilayer	negative	bilayer
bilayer	positive	bilayer
bilayer	sadness	bilayer
bilayer	surprise	bilayer
bilayer	trust	bilayer
essayist	anger	ensayista
essayist	anticipation	de ensayista
essayist	disgust	de ensayista
essayist	fear	de ensayista
essayist	joy	ensayista
essayist	negative	de ensayista
essayist	positive	de ensayista
essayist	sadness	de ensayista
essayist	surprise	ensayista
essayist	trust	de ensayista
everlasting	anger	everlasting
everlasting	anticipation	everlasting
everlasting	disgust	everlasting
everlasting	fear	everlasting
everlasting	joy	everlasting
everlasting	negative	everlasting
everlasting	positive	everlasting
everlasting	sadness	everlasting
everlasting	surprise	everlasting
everlasting	trust	everlasting
regatta	anger	regatta
regatta	anticipation	regatta
regatta	disgust	regatta
regatta	fear	regatta
regatta	joy	regatta
regatta	negative	regatta
regatta	positive	regatta
regatta	sadness	regatta
regatta	surprise	regatta
regatta	trust	regatta
angiography	anger	angiography
angiography	anticipation	angiography
angiography	disgust	angiography
angiography	fear	angiography
angiography	joy	angiography
angiography	negative	angiography
angiography	positive	angiography
angiography	sadness	angiography
angiography	surprise	angiography
angiography	trust	angiography
tomorrow	anger	mañana
tomorrow	anticipation	mañana
tomorrow	disgust	mañana
tomorrow	fear	mañana
tomorrow	joy	mañana
tomorrow	negative	mañana
tomorrow	positive	mañana
tomorrow	sadness	mañana
tomorrow	surprise	mañana
tomorrow	trust	mañana
society	anger	sociedad
society	anticipation	de sociedad
society	disgust	de sociedad
society	fear	de sociedad
society	joy	sociedad
society	negative	de sociedad
society	positive	de sociedad
society	sadness	de sociedad
society	surprise	sociedad
society	trust	de sociedad que
hiding	anger	esconde
hiding	anticipation	escondiendo
hiding	disgust	escondiendo
hiding	fear	escondiendo
hiding	joy	escondiendo
hiding	negative	escondiendo
hiding	positive	escondiendo
hiding	sadness	escondiendo
hiding	surprise	escondiendo
hiding	trust	escondiendo
cancel	anger	cancela
cancel	anticipation	cancelar
cancel	disgust	cancelar
cancel	fear	cancelar
cancel	joy	cancelar
cancel	negative	cancelar
cancel	positive	cancelar
cancel	sadness	cancelar
cancel	surprise	cancelar
cancel	trust	cancelar
curfew	anger	curfew
curfew	anticipation	curfew
curfew	disgust	curfew
curfew	fear	curfew
curfew	joy	curfew
curfew	negative	curfew
curfew	positive	curfew
curfew	sadness	curfew
curfew	surprise	curfew
curfew	trust	curfew
label	anger	etiqueta
label	anticipation	de etiqueta
label	disgust	de etiqueta
label	fear	de etiqueta
label	joy	etiqueta
label	negative	de etiqueta
label	positive	de etiqueta
label	sadness	de etiqueta
label	surprise	etiqueta
label	trust	de etiqueta
busy	anger	ocupada
busy	anticipation	ocupado
busy	disgust	ocupado
busy	fear	ocupado
busy	joy	ocupado
busy	negative	ocupado
busy	positive	ocupado
busy	sadness	ocupado
busy	surprise	ocupado
busy	trust	ocupado
craving	anger	craving
craving	anticipation	craving
craving	disgust	craving
craving	fear	craving
craving	joy	craving
craving	negative	craving
craving	positive	craving
craving	sadness	craving
craving	surprise	craving
craving	trust	craving
dedication	anger	dedicación
dedication	anticipation	de dedicación
dedication	disgust	de dedicación
dedication	fear	de dedicación
dedication	joy	dedicación
dedication	negative	de dedicación
dedication	positive	de dedicación
dedication	sadness	de dedicación
dedication	surprise	dedicación
dedication	trust	de dedicación
methodical	anger	metódica
methodical	anticipation	metódico
methodical	disgust	metódico
methodical	fear	metódico
methodical	joy	metódico
methodical	negative	metódico
methodical	positive	metódico
methodical	sadness	metódico
methodical	surprise	metódico
methodical	trust	metódico
cautious	anger	cauteloso
cautious	anticipation	cauteloso
cautious	disgust	cauteloso
cautious	fear	cauteloso
cautious	joy	cauteloso
cautious	negative	cauteloso
cautious	positive	cauteloso
cautious	sadness	cauteloso
cautious	surprise	cauteloso
cautious	trust	cauteloso
disliked	anger	desagradó
disliked	anticipation	desagradado
disliked	disgust	desagradó
disliked	fear	desagradado
disliked	joy	desagradó
disliked	negative	desagradado
disliked	positive	desagradó
disliked	sadness	desagradado
disliked	surprise	desagradó
disliked	trust	desagradado
sobriety	anger	sobriety
sobriety	anticipation	sobriety
sobriety	disgust	sobriety
sobriety	fear	sobriety
sobriety	joy	sobriety
sobriety	negative	sobriety
sobriety	positive	sobriety
sobriety	sadness	sobriety
sobriety	surprise	sobriety
sobriety	trust	sobriety
dump	anger	vertedero
dump	anticipation	de vertedero
dump	disgust	de vertedero
dump	fear	de vertedero
dump	joy	vertedero
dump	negative	de vertedero
dump	positive	de vertedero
dump	sadness	de vertedero
dump	surprise	vertedero
dump	trust	de vertedero
alveolar	anger	alveolar
alveolar	anticipation	alveolar
alveolar	disgust	alveolar
alveolar	fear	alveolar
alveolar	joy	alveolar
alveolar	negative	alveolar
alveolar	positive	alveolar
alveolar	sadness	alveolar
alveolar	surprise	alveolar
alveolar	trust	alveolar
forced	anger	forzó
forced	anticipation	forzado
forced	disgust	forzó
forced	fear	forzado
forced	joy	forzó
forced	negative	forzado
forced	positive	forzó
forced	sadness	forzado
forced	surprise	forzó
forced	trust	forzado
missing	anger	desaparecido
missing	anticipation	desaparecido
missing	disgust	desaparecido
missing	fear	desaparecido
missing	joy	desaparecido
missing	negative	desaparecido
missing	positive	desaparecido
missing	sadness	foco
missing	surprise	de foco
missing	trust	desaparecido
focus	anger	desaparecido
focus	anticipation	desaparecido
focus	disgust	foco
focus	fear	de foco
focus	joy	de foco
focus	negative	de foco
focus	positive	foco
focus	sadness	de foco
focus	surprise	de foco
focus	trust	de foco
rejoice	anger	rejoice
rejoice	anticipation	rejoice
rejoice	disgust	rejoice
rejoice	fear	rejoice
rejoice	joy	rejoice
rejoice	negative	rejoice
rejoice	positive	rejoice
rejoice	sadness	rejoice
rejoice	surprise	rejoice
rejoice	trust	rejoice
heady	anger	heady
heady	anticipation	heady
heady	disgust	heady
heady	fear	heady
heady	joy	heady
heady	negative	heady
heady	positive	heady
heady	sadness	heady
heady	surprise	heady
heady	trust	heady
begin	anger	empezar
begin	anticipation	empezar
begin	disgust	empezar
begin	fear	empezar
begin	joy	empezar
begin	negative	empezar
begin	positive	empezar
begin	sadness	empezar
begin	surprise	empezar
begin	trust	empezar
inside	anger	interior
inside	anticipation	de interior
inside	disgust	de interior
inside	fear	de interior
inside	joy	interior
inside	negative	de interior
inside	positive	de interior
inside	sadness	de interior
inside	surprise	interior
inside	trust	dentro de token
token	anger	
token	anticipation	token
token	disgust	token
token	fear	token
token	joy	token
token	negative	token
token	positive	token
token	sadness	token
token	surprise	token
token	trust	token
ability	anger	habilidad
ability	anticipation	de habilidad
ability	disgust	de habilidad
ability	fear	de habilidad
ability	joy	habilidad
ability	negative	de habilidad
ability	positive	de habilidad
ability	sadness	de habilidad
ability	surprise	adhesión
ability	trust	de adhesión
adherence	anger	de habilidad
adherence	anticipation	de habilidad
adherence	disgust	adhesión
adherence	fear	de adhesión
adherence	joy	de adhesión
adherence	negative	de adhesión
adherence	positive	adhesión
adherence	sadness	de adhesión
adherence	surprise	de adhesión
adherence	trust	de adhesión
mechanic	anger	mecánico
mechanic	anticipation	de mecánico
mechanic	disgust	de mecánico
mechanic	fear	de mecánico
mechanic	joy	mecánico
mechanic	negative	de mecánico
mechanic	positive	de mecánico
mechanic	sadness	de mecánico
mechanic	surprise	mecánico
mechanic	trust	de mecánico
derogatory	anger	derogatorio
derogatory	anticipation	derogatorio
derogatory	disgust	derogatorio
derogatory	fear	derogatorio
derogatory	joy	derogatorio
derogatory	negative	derogatorio
derogatory	positive	derogatorio
derogatory	sadness	beneficio
derogatory	surprise	de beneficio
derogatory	trust	derogatorio
profit	anger	derogatorio
profit	anticipation	derogatorio
profit	disgust	beneficio
profit	fear	de beneficio
profit	joy	de beneficio
profit	negative	de beneficio
profit	positive	beneficio
profit	sadness	de beneficio
profit	surprise	de beneficio
profit	trust	de beneficio
pax	anger	pax
pax	anticipation	pax
pax	disgust	pax
pax	fear	pax
pax	joy	pax
pax	negative	pax
pax	positive	pax
pax	sadness	pax
pax	surprise	pax
pax	trust	pax
infectious	anger	contagioso
infectious	anticipation	contagioso
infectious	disgust	contagioso
infectious	fear	contagioso
infectious	joy	contagioso
infectious	negative	contagioso
infectious	positive	contagioso
infectious	sadness	contagioso
infectious	surprise	contagioso
infectious	trust	contagioso
loaf	anger	loaf
loaf	anticipation	loaf
loaf	disgust	loaf
loaf	fear	loaf
loaf	joy	loaf
loaf	negative	loaf
loaf	positive	loaf
loaf	sadness	loaf
loaf	surprise	loaf
loaf	trust	loaf
reaffirm	anger	reafirmar
reaffirm	anticipation	reafirmar
reaffirm	disgust	reafirmar
reaffirm	fear	reafirmar
reaffirm	joy	reafirmar
reaffirm	negative	reafirmar
reaffirm	positive	reafirmar
reaffirm	sadness	reafirmar
reaffirm	surprise	reafirmar
reaffirm	trust	reafirmar
buttress	anger	buttress
buttress	anticipation	buttress
buttress	disgust	buttress
buttress	fear	buttress
buttress	joy	buttress
buttress	negative	buttress
buttress	positive	buttress
buttress	sadness	buttress
buttress	surprise	buttress
buttress	trust	buttress
competency	anger	competency
competency	anticipation	competency
competency	disgust	competency
competency	fear	competency
competency	joy	competency
competency	negative	competency
competency	positive	competency
competency	sadness	competency
competency	surprise	competency
competency	trust	competency
pebble	anger	guijarro
pebble	anticipation	de guijarro
pebble	disgust	de guijarro
pebble	fear	de guijarro
pebble	joy	guijarro
pebble	negative	de guijarro
pebble	positive	de guijarro
pebble	sadness	de guijarro
pebble	surprise	salmo
pebble	trust	de salmo
psalm	anger	de guijarro
psalm	anticipation	de guijarro
psalm	disgust	salmo
psalm	fear	de salmo
psalm	joy	de salmo
psalm	negative	de salmo
psalm	positive	salmo
psalm	sadness	de salmo
psalm	surprise	de salmo
psalm	trust	de salmo
jenny	anger	jenny
jenny	anticipation	jenny
jenny	disgust	jenny
jenny	fear	jenny
jenny	joy	jenny
jenny	negative	jenny
jenny	positive	jenny
jenny	sadness	jenny
jenny	surprise	jenny
jenny	trust	jenny
gridiron	anger	gridiron
gridiron	anticipation	gridiron
gridiron	disgust	gridiron
gridiron	fear	gridiron
gridiron	joy	gridiron
gridiron	negative	gridiron
gridiron	positive	gridiron
gridiron	sadness	gridiron
gridiron	surprise	gridiron
gridiron	trust	gridiron
airs	anger	los aires
airs	anticipation	airea
airs	disgust	los aires
airs	fear	airea
airs	joy	los aires
airs	negative	airea
airs	positive	los aires
airs	sadness	airea
airs	surprise	los aires
airs	trust	airea
pun	anger	pun
pun	anticipation	pun
pun	disgust	pun
pun	fear	pun
pun	joy	pun
pun	negative	pun
pun	positive	pun
pun	sadness	pun
pun	surprise	pun
pun	trust	pun
folly	anger	locura
folly	anticipation	de locura
folly	disgust	de locura
folly	fear	de locura
folly	joy	locura
folly	negative	de locura
folly	positive	de locura
folly	sadness	de locura
folly	surprise	locura
folly	trust	de locura
dough	anger	dough
dough	anticipation	dough
dough	disgust	dough
dough	fear	dough
dough	joy	dough
dough	negative	dough
dough	positive	dough
dough	sadness	dough
dough	surprise	dough
dough	trust	dough
velour	anger	velour
velour	anticipation	velour
velour	disgust	velour
velour	fear	velour
velour	joy	velour
velour	negative	velour
velour	positive	velour
velour	sadness	velour
velour	surprise	velour
velour	trust	velour
peculiar	anger	extraño
peculiar	anticipation	extraño
peculiar	disgust	extraño
peculiar	fear	extraño
peculiar	joy	extraño
peculiar	negative	extraño
peculiar	positive	extraño
peculiar	sadness	extraño
peculiar	surprise	extraño
peculiar	trust	extraño
captivate	anger	cautivar
captivate	anticipation	cautivar
captivate	disgust	cautivar
captivate	fear	cautivar
captivate	joy	cautivar
captivate	negative	cautivar
captivate	positive	cautivar
captivate	sadness	cautivar
captivate	surprise	cautivar
captivate	trust	cautivar
recursion	anger	recursión
recursion	anticipation	de recursión
recursion	disgust	de recursión
recursion	fear	de recursión
recursion	joy	recursión
recursion	negative	de recursión
recursion	positive	de recursión
recursion	sadness	de recursión
recursion	surprise	recursión
recursion	trust	de recursión
arousal	anger	arousal
arousal	anticipation	arousal
arousal	disgust	arousal
arousal	fear	arousal
arousal	joy	arousal
arousal	negative	arousal
arousal	positive	arousal
arousal	sadness	arousal
arousal	surprise	arousal
arousal	trust	arousal
discuss	anger	hablar
discuss	anticipation	hablar
discuss	disgust	hablar
discuss	fear	hablar
discuss	joy	hablar
discuss	negative	hablar
discuss	positive	hablar
discuss	sadness	hablar
discuss	surprise	hablar
discuss	trust	hablar
elastic	anger	elástico
elastic	anticipation	elástico
elastic	disgust	elástico
elastic	fear	elástico
elastic	joy	elástico
elastic	negative	elástico
elastic	positive	elástico
elastic	sadness	elástico
elastic	surprise	elástico
elastic	trust	elástico
aft	anger	aft
aft	anticipation	aft
aft	disgust	aft
aft	fear	aft
aft	joy	aft
aft	negative	aft
aft	positive	aft
aft	sadness	aft
aft	surprise	aft
aft	trust	aft
overstock	anger	overstock
overstock	anticipation	overstock
overstock	disgust	overstock
overstock	fear	overstock
overstock	joy	overstock
overstock	negative	overstock
overstock	positive	overstock
overstock	sadness	overstock
overstock	surprise	overstock
overstock	trust	overstock
dissipated	anger	disipó
dissipated	anticipation	disipado
dissipated	disgust	disipó
dissipated	fear	disipado
dissipated	joy	disipó
dissipated	negative	disipado
dissipated	positive	disipó
dissipated	sadness	disipado
dissipated	surprise	disipó
dissipated	trust	disipado
fittings	anger	fittings
fittings	anticipation	fittings
fittings	disgust	fittings
fittings	fear	fittings
fittings	joy	fittings
fittings	negative	fittings
fittings	positive	fittings
fittings	sadness	fittings
fittings	surprise	fittings
fittings	trust	fittings
beastly	anger	beastly
beastly	anticipation	beastly
beastly	disgust	beastly
beastly	fear	beastly
beastly	joy	beastly
beastly	negative	beastly
beastly	positive	beastly
beastly	sadness	beastly
beastly	surprise	beastly
beastly	trust	beastly
yew	anger	yew
yew	anticipation	yew
yew	disgust	yew
yew	fear	yew
yew	joy	yew
yew	negative	yew
yew	positive	yew
yew	sadness	yew
yew	surprise	yew
yew	trust	yew
plank	anger	plank
plank	anticipation	plank
plank	disgust	plank
plank	fear	plank
plank	joy	plank
plank	negative	plank
plank	positive	plank
plank	sadness	plank
plank	surprise	plank
plank	trust	plank
baccalaureate	anger	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	anticipation	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	disgust	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	fear	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	joy	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	negative	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	positive	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	sadness	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	surprise	baccalaureate
baccalaureate	trust	baccalaureate
dig	anger	cavar
dig	anticipation	cavar
dig	disgust	cavar
dig	fear	cavar
dig	joy	cavar
dig	negative	cavar
dig	positive	cavar
dig	sadness	cavar
dig	surprise	cavar
dig	trust	cavar
boon	anger	boon
boon	anticipation	boon
boon	disgust	boon
boon	fear	boon
boon	joy	boon
boon	negative	boon
boon	positive	boon
boon	sadness	boon
boon	surprise	boon
boon	trust	boon
steady	anger	se estabiliza
steady	anticipation	se estabiliza
steady	disgust	se estabiliza
steady	fear	se estabiliza
steady	joy	se estabiliza
steady	negative	se estabiliza
steady	positive	se estabiliza
steady	sadness	se estabiliza
steady	surprise	se estabiliza
steady	trust	se estabiliza
cartography	anger	cartografía
cartography	anticipation	de cartografía
cartography	disgust	de cartografía
cartography	fear	de cartografía
cartography	joy	cartografía
cartography	negative	de cartografía
cartography	positive	de cartografía
cartography	sadness	de cartografía
cartography	surprise	cartografía
cartography	trust	de cartografía
necessarily	anger	necesariamente
necessarily	anticipation	necesariamente
necessarily	disgust	necesariamente
necessarily	fear	necesariamente
necessarily	joy	necesariamente
necessarily	negative	necesariamente
necessarily	positive	necesariamente
necessarily	sadness	necesariamente
necessarily	surprise	necesariamente
necessarily	trust	necesariamente
heartworm	anger	heartworm
heartworm	anticipation	heartworm
heartworm	disgust	heartworm
heartworm	fear	heartworm
heartworm	joy	heartworm
heartworm	negative	heartworm
heartworm	positive	heartworm
heartworm	sadness	heartworm
heartworm	surprise	heartworm
heartworm	trust	heartworm
scold	anger	scold
scold	anticipation	scold
scold	disgust	scold
scold	fear	scold
scold	joy	scold
scold	negative	scold
scold	positive	scold
scold	sadness	scold
scold	surprise	scold
scold	trust	scold
unholy	anger	unholy
unholy	anticipation	unholy
unholy	disgust	unholy
unholy	fear	unholy
unholy	joy	unholy
unholy	negative	unholy
unholy	positive	unholy
unholy	sadness	unholy
unholy	surprise	unholy
unholy	trust	unholy
settled	anger	resolvió
settled	anticipation	resuelto
settled	disgust	resolvió
settled	fear	resuelto
settled	joy	resolvió
settled	negative	resuelto
settled	positive	resolvió
settled	sadness	resuelto
settled	surprise	resolvió
settled	trust	coraje
prowess	anger	de coraje
prowess	anticipation	de coraje
prowess	disgust	resuelto
prowess	fear	coraje
prowess	joy	de coraje
prowess	negative	de coraje
prowess	positive	de coraje
prowess	sadness	compensación
prowess	surprise	de coraje
prowess	trust	de coraje
compensation	anger	de coraje
compensation	anticipation	compensación
compensation	disgust	de compensación
compensation	fear	de compensación
compensation	joy	de compensación
compensation	negative	compensación
compensation	positive	de compensación
compensation	sadness	de compensación
compensation	surprise	de compensación
compensation	trust	compensación
unadulterated	anger	unadulterated
unadulterated	anticipation	unadulterated
unadulterated	disgust	unadulterated
unadulterated	fear	unadulterated
unadulterated	joy	unadulterated
unadulterated	negative	unadulterated
unadulterated	positive	unadulterated
unadulterated	sadness	unadulterated
unadulterated	surprise	unadulterated
unadulterated	trust	unadulterated
satellite	anger	satélite
satellite	anticipation	de satélite
satellite	disgust	de satélite
satellite	fear	de satélite
satellite	joy	satélite
satellite	negative	de satélite
satellite	positive	de satélite
satellite	sadness	de satélite
satellite	surprise	empresa
satellite	trust	de empresa
enterprise	anger	de satélite
enterprise	anticipation	de satélite
enterprise	disgust	empresa
enterprise	fear	de empresa
enterprise	joy	de empresa
enterprise	negative	de empresa
enterprise	positive	empresa
enterprise	sadness	de empresa
enterprise	surprise	de empresa
enterprise	trust	de empresa
loon	anger	loon
loon	anticipation	loon
loon	disgust	loon
loon	fear	loon
loon	joy	loon
loon	negative	loon
loon	positive	loon
loon	sadness	loon
loon	surprise	loon
loon	trust	loon
cordon	anger	cordon
cordon	anticipation	cordon
cordon	disgust	cordon
cordon	fear	cordon
cordon	joy	cordon
cordon	negative	cordon
cordon	positive	cordon
cordon	sadness	cordon
cordon	surprise	cordon
cordon	trust	cordon
preparing	anger	preparando
preparing	anticipation	preparando
preparing	disgust	preparando
preparing	fear	preparando
preparing	joy	preparando
preparing	negative	preparando
preparing	positive	preparando
preparing	sadness	preparando
preparing	surprise	preparando
preparing	trust	preparando
pope	anger	papa
pope	anticipation	de papa
pope	disgust	de papa
pope	fear	de papa
pope	joy	papa
pope	negative	de papa
pope	positive	de papa
pope	sadness	de papa
pope	surprise	torreta
pope	trust	de torreta
turret	anger	de papa
turret	anticipation	de papa
turret	disgust	torreta
turret	fear	de torreta
turret	joy	de torreta
turret	negative	de torreta
turret	positive	torreta
turret	sadness	de torreta
turret	surprise	de torreta
turret	trust	de torreta
archer	anger	archer
archer	anticipation	archer
archer	disgust	archer
archer	fear	archer
archer	joy	archer
archer	negative	archer
archer	positive	archer
archer	sadness	archer
archer	surprise	archer
archer	trust	archer
feminist	anger	feminista
feminist	anticipation	feminista
feminist	disgust	feminista
feminist	fear	feminista
feminist	joy	feminista
feminist	negative	feminista
feminist	positive	feminista
feminist	sadness	feminista
feminist	surprise	feminista
feminist	trust	feminista
veined	anger	veined
veined	anticipation	veined
veined	disgust	veined
veined	fear	veined
veined	joy	veined
veined	negative	veined
veined	positive	veined
veined	sadness	veined
veined	surprise	veined
veined	trust	veined
thumb	anger	pulgar
thumb	anticipation	de pulgar
thumb	disgust	de pulgar
thumb	fear	de pulgar
thumb	joy	pulgar
thumb	negative	de pulgar
thumb	positive	de pulgar
thumb	sadness	de pulgar
thumb	surprise	exhibición
thumb	trust	de exhibición
display	anger	de pulgar
display	anticipation	de pulgar
display	disgust	exhibición
display	fear	de exhibición
display	joy	de exhibición
display	negative	de exhibición
display	positive	exhibición
display	sadness	de exhibición
display	surprise	de exhibición
display	trust	de exhibición
harmonize	anger	armoniza
harmonize	anticipation	armonizar
harmonize	disgust	armonizar
harmonize	fear	armonizar
harmonize	joy	armonizar
harmonize	negative	armonizar
harmonize	positive	armonizar
harmonize	sadness	armonizar
harmonize	surprise	armonizar
harmonize	trust	armonizar
whopping	anger	whopping
whopping	anticipation	whopping
whopping	disgust	whopping
whopping	fear	whopping
whopping	joy	whopping
whopping	negative	whopping
whopping	positive	whopping
whopping	sadness	whopping
whopping	surprise	whopping
whopping	trust	whopping
appendicitis	anger	appendicitis
appendicitis	anticipation	appendicitis
appendicitis	disgust	appendicitis
appendicitis	fear	appendicitis
appendicitis	joy	appendicitis
appendicitis	negative	appendicitis
appendicitis	positive	appendicitis
appendicitis	sadness	appendicitis
appendicitis	surprise	appendicitis
appendicitis	trust	appendicitis
pursuit	anger	búsqueda
pursuit	anticipation	de búsqueda
pursuit	disgust	de búsqueda
pursuit	fear	de búsqueda
pursuit	joy	búsqueda
pursuit	negative	de búsqueda
pursuit	positive	de búsqueda
pursuit	sadness	de búsqueda
pursuit	surprise	búsqueda
pursuit	trust	de búsqueda
congenial	anger	congenial
congenial	anticipation	congenial
congenial	disgust	congenial
congenial	fear	congenial
congenial	joy	congenial
congenial	negative	congenial
congenial	positive	congenial
congenial	sadness	congenial
congenial	surprise	congenial
congenial	trust	congenial
ditch	anger	ditch
ditch	anticipation	ditch
ditch	disgust	ditch
ditch	fear	ditch
ditch	joy	ditch
ditch	negative	ditch
ditch	positive	ditch
ditch	sadness	ditch
ditch	surprise	ditch
ditch	trust	ditch
vivid	anger	vívido
vivid	anticipation	vívido
vivid	disgust	vívido
vivid	fear	vívido
vivid	joy	vívido
vivid	negative	vívido
vivid	positive	vívido
vivid	sadness	vívido
vivid	surprise	vívido
vivid	trust	vívido
materialistic	anger	materialistic
materialistic	anticipation	materialistic
materialistic	disgust	materialistic
materialistic	fear	materialistic
materialistic	joy	materialistic
materialistic	negative	materialistic
materialistic	positive	materialistic
materialistic	sadness	materialistic
materialistic	surprise	materialistic
materialistic	trust	materialistic
deportation	anger	deportación
deportation	anticipation	de deportación
deportation	disgust	de deportación
deportation	fear	de deportación
deportation	joy	deportación
deportation	negative	de deportación
deportation	positive	de deportación
deportation	sadness	de deportación
deportation	surprise	deportación
deportation	trust	de deportación
pulmonary	anger	pulmonar
pulmonary	anticipation	pulmonar
pulmonary	disgust	pulmonar
pulmonary	fear	pulmonar
pulmonary	joy	pulmonar
pulmonary	negative	pulmonar
pulmonary	positive	pulmonar
pulmonary	sadness	escapada
pulmonary	surprise	de escapada
pulmonary	trust	pulmonar
escape	anger	pulmonar
escape	anticipation	pulmonar
escape	disgust	escapada
escape	fear	de escapada
escape	joy	de escapada
escape	negative	de escapada
escape	positive	escapada
escape	sadness	de escapada
escape	surprise	de escapada
escape	trust	de escapada
hopes	anger	las esperanzas
hopes	anticipation	espera que
hopes	disgust	las esperanzas
hopes	fear	espera
hopes	joy	las esperanzas
hopes	negative	espera que
hopes	positive	las esperanzas
hopes	sadness	espera
hopes	surprise	las esperanzas
hopes	trust	espera
salt	anger	sal
salt	anticipation	de sal
salt	disgust	de sal
salt	fear	de sal
salt	joy	sal
salt	negative	de sal
salt	positive	de sal
salt	sadness	de sal
salt	surprise	sal
salt	trust	de sal
cobble	anger	cobble
cobble	anticipation	cobble
cobble	disgust	cobble
cobble	fear	cobble
cobble	joy	cobble
cobble	negative	cobble
cobble	positive	cobble
cobble	sadness	cobble
cobble	surprise	cobble
cobble	trust	cobble
docile	anger	dócil
docile	anticipation	dócil
docile	disgust	dócil
docile	fear	dócil
docile	joy	dócil
docile	negative	dócil
docile	positive	dócil
docile	sadness	elefante
docile	surprise	de elefante
docile	trust	dócil
elephant	anger	dócil
elephant	anticipation	dócil
elephant	disgust	elefante
elephant	fear	de elefante
elephant	joy	de elefante
elephant	negative	de elefante
elephant	positive	elefante
elephant	sadness	de elefante
elephant	surprise	de elefante
elephant	trust	de elefante
abort	anger	aborta
abort	anticipation	abortar
abort	disgust	abortar
abort	fear	abortar
abort	joy	abortar
abort	negative	abortar
abort	positive	abortar
abort	sadness	abortar
abort	surprise	abortar
abort	trust	abortar
invisibility	anger	invisibility
invisibility	anticipation	invisibility
invisibility	disgust	invisibility
invisibility	fear	invisibility
invisibility	joy	invisibility
invisibility	negative	invisibility
invisibility	positive	invisibility
invisibility	sadness	invisibility
invisibility	surprise	invisibility
invisibility	trust	invisibility
heartache	anger	heartache
heartache	anticipation	heartache
heartache	disgust	heartache
heartache	fear	heartache
heartache	joy	heartache
heartache	negative	heartache
heartache	positive	heartache
heartache	sadness	heartache
heartache	surprise	heartache
heartache	trust	heartache
ritual	anger	ritual
ritual	anticipation	ritual
ritual	disgust	ritual
ritual	fear	ritual
ritual	joy	ritual
ritual	negative	ritual
ritual	positive	ritual
ritual	sadness	linóleo
ritual	surprise	de linóleo
ritual	trust	ritual
linoleum	anger	ritual
linoleum	anticipation	ritual
linoleum	disgust	linóleo
linoleum	fear	de linóleo
linoleum	joy	de linóleo
linoleum	negative	de linóleo
linoleum	positive	linóleo
linoleum	sadness	de linóleo
linoleum	surprise	de linóleo
linoleum	trust	de linóleo
speedway	anger	speedway
speedway	anticipation	speedway
speedway	disgust	speedway
speedway	fear	speedway
speedway	joy	speedway
speedway	negative	speedway
speedway	positive	speedway
speedway	sadness	speedway
speedway	surprise	speedway
speedway	trust	speedway
bronze	anger	bronce
bronze	anticipation	de bronce
bronze	disgust	de bronce
bronze	fear	de bronce
bronze	joy	bronce
bronze	negative	de bronce
bronze	positive	de bronce
bronze	sadness	de bronce
bronze	surprise	bronce
bronze	trust	de bronce
overlay	anger	overlay
overlay	anticipation	overlay
overlay	disgust	overlay
overlay	fear	overlay
overlay	joy	overlay
overlay	negative	overlay
overlay	positive	overlay
overlay	sadness	overlay
overlay	surprise	overlay
overlay	trust	overlay
dash	anger	dash
dash	anticipation	dash
dash	disgust	dash
dash	fear	dash
dash	joy	dash
dash	negative	dash
dash	positive	dash
dash	sadness	dash
dash	surprise	dash
dash	trust	dash
apprehensive	anger	aprensivo
apprehensive	anticipation	aprensivo
apprehensive	disgust	aprensivo
apprehensive	fear	aprensivo
apprehensive	joy	aprensivo
apprehensive	negative	aprensivo
apprehensive	positive	aprensivo
apprehensive	sadness	puerta
apprehensive	surprise	de puerta
apprehensive	trust	aprensiva
gateway	anger	aprensiva
gateway	anticipation	aprensiva
gateway	disgust	puerta
gateway	fear	de puerta
gateway	joy	de puerta
gateway	negative	de puerta
gateway	positive	puerta
gateway	sadness	de puerta
gateway	surprise	de puerta
gateway	trust	de puerta
healthy	anger	sana
healthy	anticipation	sano
healthy	disgust	sano
healthy	fear	sano
healthy	joy	sano
healthy	negative	sano
healthy	positive	sano
healthy	sadness	sano
healthy	surprise	sano
healthy	trust	sano
diminish	anger	disminuir
diminish	anticipation	disminuir
diminish	disgust	disminuir
diminish	fear	disminuir
diminish	joy	disminuir
diminish	negative	disminuir
diminish	positive	disminuir
diminish	sadness	disminuir
diminish	surprise	disminuir
diminish	trust	disminuir
engaging	anger	comprometiendo
engaging	anticipation	comprometiendo
engaging	disgust	comprometiendo
engaging	fear	comprometiendo
engaging	joy	comprometiendo
engaging	negative	comprometiendo
engaging	positive	comprometiendo
engaging	sadness	comprometiendo
engaging	surprise	comprometiendo
engaging	trust	comprometiendo
ant	anger	hormiga
ant	anticipation	de hormiga
ant	disgust	de hormiga
ant	fear	de hormiga
ant	joy	hormiga
ant	negative	de hormiga
ant	positive	de hormiga
ant	sadness	de hormiga
ant	surprise	colores
ant	trust	de colores
colors	anger	de hormiga
colors	anticipation	de hormiga
colors	disgust	colores
colors	fear	de colores
colors	joy	de colores
colors	negative	de colores
colors	positive	colores
colors	sadness	de colores
colors	surprise	de colores
colors	trust	de colores
slates	anger	slates
slates	anticipation	slates
slates	disgust	slates
slates	fear	slates
slates	joy	slates
slates	negative	slates
slates	positive	slates
slates	sadness	slates
slates	surprise	slates
slates	trust	slates
outdo	anger	outdo
outdo	anticipation	outdo
outdo	disgust	outdo
outdo	fear	outdo
outdo	joy	outdo
outdo	negative	outdo
outdo	positive	outdo
outdo	sadness	outdo
outdo	surprise	outdo
outdo	trust	outdo
passable	anger	passable
passable	anticipation	passable
passable	disgust	passable
passable	fear	passable
passable	joy	passable
passable	negative	passable
passable	positive	passable
passable	sadness	passable
passable	surprise	passable
passable	trust	passable
birthright	anger	birthright
birthright	anticipation	birthright
birthright	disgust	birthright
birthright	fear	birthright
birthright	joy	birthright
birthright	negative	birthright
birthright	positive	birthright
birthright	sadness	birthright
birthright	surprise	birthright
birthright	trust	birthright
narration	anger	narration
narration	anticipation	narration
narration	disgust	narration
narration	fear	narration
narration	joy	narration
narration	negative	narration
narration	positive	narration
narration	sadness	narration
narration	surprise	narration
narration	trust	narration
athletics	anger	atletismo
athletics	anticipation	de atletismo
athletics	disgust	de atletismo
athletics	fear	de atletismo
athletics	joy	atletismo
athletics	negative	de atletismo
athletics	positive	de atletismo
athletics	sadness	de atletismo
athletics	surprise	atletismo
athletics	trust	de atletismo
amaze	anger	asombra
amaze	anticipation	asombrar
amaze	disgust	asombrar
amaze	fear	asombrar
amaze	joy	asombrar
amaze	negative	asombrar
amaze	positive	asombrar
amaze	sadness	asombrar
amaze	surprise	asombrar
amaze	trust	asombrar
jock	anger	jock
jock	anticipation	jock
jock	disgust	jock
jock	fear	jock
jock	joy	jock
jock	negative	jock
jock	positive	jock
jock	sadness	jock
jock	surprise	jock
jock	trust	jock
saving	anger	ahorro
saving	anticipation	de ahorro
saving	disgust	de ahorro
saving	fear	de ahorro
saving	joy	ahorro
saving	negative	de ahorro
saving	positive	de ahorro
saving	sadness	de ahorro
saving	surprise	ahorro
saving	trust	de ahorro
discredit	anger	desacredita
discredit	anticipation	desacreditar
discredit	disgust	desacreditar
discredit	fear	desacreditar
discredit	joy	desacreditar
discredit	negative	desacreditar
discredit	positive	desacreditar
discredit	sadness	desacreditar
discredit	surprise	desacreditar
discredit	trust	desacreditar
influential	anger	influyente
influential	anticipation	influyente
influential	disgust	influyente
influential	fear	influyente
influential	joy	influyente
influential	negative	influyente
influential	positive	influyente
influential	sadness	influyente
influential	surprise	influyente
influential	trust	influyente
lag	anger	lag
lag	anticipation	lag
lag	disgust	lag
lag	fear	lag
lag	joy	lag
lag	negative	lag
lag	positive	lag
lag	sadness	lag
lag	surprise	lag
lag	trust	lag
unwary	anger	unwary
unwary	anticipation	unwary
unwary	disgust	unwary
unwary	fear	unwary
unwary	joy	unwary
unwary	negative	unwary
unwary	positive	unwary
unwary	sadness	unwary
unwary	surprise	unwary
unwary	trust	unwary
optometrist	anger	optometrista
optometrist	anticipation	de optometrista
optometrist	disgust	de optometrista
optometrist	fear	de optometrista
optometrist	joy	optometrista
optometrist	negative	de optometrista
optometrist	positive	de optometrista
optometrist	sadness	de optometrista
optometrist	surprise	centenar
optometrist	trust	de centenar
hundred	anger	de optometrista
hundred	anticipation	de optometrista
hundred	disgust	centenar
hundred	fear	de centenar
hundred	joy	de centenar
hundred	negative	de centenar
hundred	positive	centenar
hundred	sadness	de centenar
hundred	surprise	de centenar
hundred	trust	de centenar
product	anger	producto
product	anticipation	de producto
product	disgust	de producto
product	fear	de producto
product	joy	producto
product	negative	de producto
product	positive	de producto
product	sadness	de producto
product	surprise	producto
product	trust	de producto
boner	anger	boner
boner	anticipation	boner
boner	disgust	boner
boner	fear	boner
boner	joy	boner
boner	negative	boner
boner	positive	boner
boner	sadness	boner
boner	surprise	boner
boner	trust	boner
sigh	anger	suspiro
sigh	anticipation	de suspiro
sigh	disgust	de suspiro
sigh	fear	de suspiro
sigh	joy	suspiro
sigh	negative	de suspiro
sigh	positive	de suspiro
sigh	sadness	de suspiro
sigh	surprise	suspiro
sigh	trust	de suspiro
sunglasses	anger	sunglasses
sunglasses	anticipation	sunglasses
sunglasses	disgust	sunglasses
sunglasses	fear	sunglasses
sunglasses	joy	sunglasses
sunglasses	negative	sunglasses
sunglasses	positive	sunglasses
sunglasses	sadness	sunglasses
sunglasses	surprise	sunglasses
sunglasses	trust	sunglasses
whine	anger	whine
whine	anticipation	whine
whine	disgust	whine
whine	fear	whine
whine	joy	whine
whine	negative	whine
whine	positive	whine
whine	sadness	whine
whine	surprise	whine
whine	trust	whine
jaw	anger	mandíbula
jaw	anticipation	de mandíbula
jaw	disgust	de mandíbula
jaw	fear	de mandíbula
jaw	joy	mandíbula
jaw	negative	de mandíbula
jaw	positive	de mandíbula
jaw	sadness	de mandíbula
jaw	surprise	mandíbula
jaw	trust	de mandíbula
subside	anger	subside
subside	anticipation	subside
subside	disgust	subside
subside	fear	subside
subside	joy	subside
subside	negative	subside
subside	positive	subside
subside	sadness	subside
subside	surprise	subside
subside	trust	subside
noose	anger	lazo
noose	anticipation	de lazo
noose	disgust	de lazo
noose	fear	de lazo
noose	joy	lazo
noose	negative	de lazo
noose	positive	de lazo
noose	sadness	de lazo
noose	surprise	tierras
noose	trust	de lazo
lands	anger	del lazo
lands	anticipation	aterriza
lands	disgust	las tierras
lands	fear	aterriza
lands	joy	las tierras
lands	negative	aterriza
lands	positive	las tierras
lands	sadness	aterriza
lands	surprise	las tierras
lands	trust	aterriza
leaky	anger	leaky
leaky	anticipation	leaky
leaky	disgust	leaky
leaky	fear	leaky
leaky	joy	leaky
leaky	negative	leaky
leaky	positive	leaky
leaky	sadness	leaky
leaky	surprise	leaky
leaky	trust	leaky
playwright	anger	playwright
playwright	anticipation	playwright
playwright	disgust	playwright
playwright	fear	playwright
playwright	joy	playwright
playwright	negative	playwright
playwright	positive	playwright
playwright	sadness	playwright
playwright	surprise	playwright
playwright	trust	playwright
freeze	anger	congelación
freeze	anticipation	de congelación
freeze	disgust	de congelación
freeze	fear	de congelación
freeze	joy	congelación
freeze	negative	de congelación
freeze	positive	de congelación
freeze	sadness	de congelación
freeze	surprise	káiser
freeze	trust	de káiser
kaiser	anger	de congelación
kaiser	anticipation	de congelación
kaiser	disgust	káiser
kaiser	fear	de káiser
kaiser	joy	de káiser
kaiser	negative	de káiser
kaiser	positive	káiser
kaiser	sadness	de káiser
kaiser	surprise	de káiser
kaiser	trust	de káiser
starved	anger	starved
starved	anticipation	starved
starved	disgust	starved
starved	fear	starved
starved	joy	starved
starved	negative	starved
starved	positive	starved
starved	sadness	starved
starved	surprise	starved
starved	trust	starved
overcharged	anger	overcharged
overcharged	anticipation	overcharged
overcharged	disgust	overcharged
overcharged	fear	overcharged
overcharged	joy	overcharged
overcharged	negative	overcharged
overcharged	positive	overcharged
overcharged	sadness	overcharged
overcharged	surprise	overcharged
overcharged	trust	overcharged
dissolve	anger	disolver
dissolve	anticipation	disolver
dissolve	disgust	disolver
dissolve	fear	disolver
dissolve	joy	disolver
dissolve	negative	disolver
dissolve	positive	disolver
dissolve	sadness	disolver
dissolve	surprise	disolver
dissolve	trust	disolver
upstairs	anger	upstairs
upstairs	anticipation	upstairs
upstairs	disgust	upstairs
upstairs	fear	upstairs
upstairs	joy	upstairs
upstairs	negative	upstairs
upstairs	positive	upstairs
upstairs	sadness	upstairs
upstairs	surprise	upstairs
upstairs	trust	upstairs
doubling	anger	plegando
doubling	anticipation	plegando
doubling	disgust	plegando
doubling	fear	plegando
doubling	joy	plegando
doubling	negative	plegando
doubling	positive	plegando
doubling	sadness	plegando
doubling	surprise	plegando
doubling	trust	plegando
gallantry	anger	gallantry
gallantry	anticipation	gallantry
gallantry	disgust	gallantry
gallantry	fear	gallantry
gallantry	joy	gallantry
gallantry	negative	gallantry
gallantry	positive	gallantry
gallantry	sadness	gallantry
gallantry	surprise	gallantry
gallantry	trust	gallantry
precept	anger	precepto
precept	anticipation	de precepto
precept	disgust	de precepto
precept	fear	de precepto
precept	joy	precepto
precept	negative	de precepto
precept	positive	de precepto
precept	sadness	de precepto
precept	surprise	precepto
precept	trust	de precepto
hemi	anger	hemi
hemi	anticipation	hemi
hemi	disgust	hemi
hemi	fear	hemi
hemi	joy	hemi
hemi	negative	hemi
hemi	positive	hemi
hemi	sadness	hemi
hemi	surprise	hemi
hemi	trust	hemi
skunk	anger	skunk
skunk	anticipation	skunk
skunk	disgust	skunk
skunk	fear	skunk
skunk	joy	skunk
skunk	negative	skunk
skunk	positive	skunk
skunk	sadness	skunk
skunk	surprise	skunk
skunk	trust	skunk
freight	anger	carga
freight	anticipation	de carga
freight	disgust	de carga
freight	fear	de carga
freight	joy	carga
freight	negative	de carga
freight	positive	de carga
freight	sadness	de carga
freight	surprise	carga
freight	trust	de carga que
appalling	anger	horroriza
appalling	anticipation	atroz
appalling	disgust	atroz
appalling	fear	atroz
appalling	joy	atroz
appalling	negative	atroz
appalling	positive	atroz
appalling	sadness	espionaje
appalling	surprise	de espionaje
appalling	trust	atroz
espionage	anger	atroz
espionage	anticipation	atroz
espionage	disgust	espionaje
espionage	fear	de espionaje
espionage	joy	de espionaje
espionage	negative	de espionaje
espionage	positive	espionaje
espionage	sadness	de espionaje
espionage	surprise	de espionaje
espionage	trust	de espionaje
fender	anger	fender
fender	anticipation	fender
fender	disgust	fender
fender	fear	fender
fender	joy	fender
fender	negative	fender
fender	positive	fender
fender	sadness	fender
fender	surprise	fender
fender	trust	fender
stalemate	anger	impasse
stalemate	anticipation	de impasse
stalemate	disgust	de impasse
stalemate	fear	de impasse
stalemate	joy	impasse
stalemate	negative	de impasse
stalemate	positive	de impasse
stalemate	sadness	de impasse
stalemate	surprise	impasse
stalemate	trust	de impasse
deflection	anger	deflection
deflection	anticipation	deflection
deflection	disgust	deflection
deflection	fear	deflection
deflection	joy	deflection
deflection	negative	deflection
deflection	positive	deflection
deflection	sadness	deflection
deflection	surprise	deflection
deflection	trust	deflection
loathsome	anger	loathsome
loathsome	anticipation	loathsome
loathsome	disgust	loathsome
loathsome	fear	loathsome
loathsome	joy	loathsome
loathsome	negative	loathsome
loathsome	positive	loathsome
loathsome	sadness	loathsome
loathsome	surprise	loathsome
loathsome	trust	loathsome
quack	anger	quack
quack	anticipation	quack
quack	disgust	quack
quack	fear	quack
quack	joy	quack
quack	negative	quack
quack	positive	quack
quack	sadness	quack
quack	surprise	quack
quack	trust	quack
accounts	anger	cuentas
accounts	anticipation	de cuentas
accounts	disgust	de cuentas
accounts	fear	de cuentas
accounts	joy	cuentas
accounts	negative	de cuentas
accounts	positive	de cuentas
accounts	sadness	de cuentas
accounts	surprise	cuentas
accounts	trust	de cuentas
internal	anger	internas
internal	anticipation	internos
internal	disgust	internos
internal	fear	internos
internal	joy	internos
internal	negative	internos
internal	positive	internos
internal	sadness	edificio
internal	surprise	de edificio
internal	trust	interno
edifice	anger	interno
edifice	anticipation	interno
edifice	disgust	edificio
edifice	fear	de edificio
edifice	joy	de edificio
edifice	negative	de edificio
edifice	positive	edificio
edifice	sadness	de edificio
edifice	surprise	de edificio
edifice	trust	de edificio
inhibition	anger	inhibición
inhibition	anticipation	de inhibición
inhibition	disgust	de inhibición
inhibition	fear	de inhibición
inhibition	joy	inhibición
inhibition	negative	de inhibición
inhibition	positive	de inhibición
inhibition	sadness	de inhibición
inhibition	surprise	melena
inhibition	trust	de melena
mane	anger	de inhibición
mane	anticipation	de inhibición
mane	disgust	melena
mane	fear	de melena
mane	joy	de melena
mane	negative	de melena
mane	positive	melena
mane	sadness	de melena
mane	surprise	de melena
mane	trust	de melena
fragmentary	anger	fragmentary
fragmentary	anticipation	fragmentary
fragmentary	disgust	fragmentary
fragmentary	fear	fragmentary
fragmentary	joy	fragmentary
fragmentary	negative	fragmentary
fragmentary	positive	fragmentary
fragmentary	sadness	fragmentary
fragmentary	surprise	fragmentary
fragmentary	trust	fragmentary
occupant	anger	ocupante
occupant	anticipation	de ocupante
occupant	disgust	de ocupante
occupant	fear	de ocupante
occupant	joy	ocupante
occupant	negative	de ocupante
occupant	positive	de ocupante
occupant	sadness	de ocupante
occupant	surprise	pantano
occupant	trust	de pantano
marsh	anger	de ocupante
marsh	anticipation	de ocupante
marsh	disgust	pantano
marsh	fear	de pantano
marsh	joy	de pantano
marsh	negative	de pantano
marsh	positive	pantano
marsh	sadness	de pantano
marsh	surprise	de pantano
marsh	trust	de pantano
unprofitable	anger	unprofitable
unprofitable	anticipation	unprofitable
unprofitable	disgust	unprofitable
unprofitable	fear	unprofitable
unprofitable	joy	unprofitable
unprofitable	negative	unprofitable
unprofitable	positive	unprofitable
unprofitable	sadness	unprofitable
unprofitable	surprise	unprofitable
unprofitable	trust	unprofitable
slit	anger	slit
slit	anticipation	slit
slit	disgust	slit
slit	fear	slit
slit	joy	slit
slit	negative	slit
slit	positive	slit
slit	sadness	slit
slit	surprise	slit
slit	trust	slit
hurting	anger	haciendo daño
hurting	anticipation	haciendo daño
hurting	disgust	haciendo daño
hurting	fear	haciendo daño
hurting	joy	haciendo daño
hurting	negative	haciendo daño
hurting	positive	haciendo daño
hurting	sadness	haciendo daño
hurting	surprise	haciendo daño
hurting	trust	haciendo daño
despatch	anger	despatch
despatch	anticipation	despatch
despatch	disgust	despatch
despatch	fear	despatch
despatch	joy	despatch
despatch	negative	despatch
despatch	positive	despatch
despatch	sadness	despatch
despatch	surprise	despatch
despatch	trust	despatch
diligence	anger	diligence
diligence	anticipation	diligence
diligence	disgust	diligence
diligence	fear	diligence
diligence	joy	diligence
diligence	negative	diligence
diligence	positive	diligence
diligence	sadness	diligence
diligence	surprise	diligence
diligence	trust	diligence
innovation	anger	innovación
innovation	anticipation	de innovación
innovation	disgust	de innovación
innovation	fear	de innovación
innovation	joy	innovación
innovation	negative	de innovación
innovation	positive	de innovación
innovation	sadness	de innovación
innovation	surprise	teólogo
innovation	trust	de teólogo
theologian	anger	de innovación
theologian	anticipation	de innovación
theologian	disgust	teólogo
theologian	fear	de teólogo
theologian	joy	de teólogo
theologian	negative	de teólogo
theologian	positive	teólogo
theologian	sadness	de teólogo
theologian	surprise	de teólogo
theologian	trust	de teólogo
neighborhood	anger	neighborhood
neighborhood	anticipation	neighborhood
neighborhood	disgust	neighborhood
neighborhood	fear	neighborhood
neighborhood	joy	neighborhood
neighborhood	negative	neighborhood
neighborhood	positive	neighborhood
neighborhood	sadness	neighborhood
neighborhood	surprise	neighborhood
neighborhood	trust	neighborhood
quickness	anger	quickness
quickness	anticipation	quickness
quickness	disgust	quickness
quickness	fear	quickness
quickness	joy	quickness
quickness	negative	quickness
quickness	positive	quickness
quickness	sadness	quickness
quickness	surprise	quickness
quickness	trust	quickness
blurred	anger	borroso
blurred	anticipation	borroso
blurred	disgust	borroso
blurred	fear	borroso
blurred	joy	borroso
blurred	negative	borroso
blurred	positive	borroso
blurred	sadness	ambulancia
blurred	surprise	de ambulancia
blurred	trust	borrosa
ambulance	anger	borrosa
ambulance	anticipation	borrosa
ambulance	disgust	ambulancia
ambulance	fear	de ambulancia
ambulance	joy	de ambulancia
ambulance	negative	de ambulancia
ambulance	positive	ambulancia
ambulance	sadness	de ambulancia
ambulance	surprise	de ambulancia
ambulance	trust	de ambulancia
insurgent	anger	insurgente
insurgent	anticipation	insurgente
insurgent	disgust	insurgente
insurgent	fear	insurgente
insurgent	joy	insurgente
insurgent	negative	insurgente
insurgent	positive	insurgente
insurgent	sadness	involución
insurgent	surprise	de involución
insurgent	trust	insurgente
involution	anger	insurgente
involution	anticipation	insurgente
involution	disgust	involución
involution	fear	de involución
involution	joy	de involución
involution	negative	de involución
involution	positive	involución
involution	sadness	de involución
involution	surprise	de involución
involution	trust	de involución
united	anger	unió
united	anticipation	unida
united	disgust	unió
united	fear	unido
united	joy	unió
united	negative	unió
united	positive	unido
united	sadness	unió
united	surprise	unido
united	trust	unió
capitals	anger	capitales
capitals	anticipation	de capitales
capitals	disgust	de capitales
capitals	fear	de capitales
capitals	joy	capitales
capitals	negative	de capitales
capitals	positive	de capitales
capitals	sadness	de capitales
capitals	surprise	capitales
capitals	trust	de capitales
undercurrent	anger	undercurrent
undercurrent	anticipation	undercurrent
undercurrent	disgust	undercurrent
undercurrent	fear	undercurrent
undercurrent	joy	undercurrent
undercurrent	negative	undercurrent
undercurrent	positive	undercurrent
undercurrent	sadness	undercurrent
undercurrent	surprise	undercurrent
undercurrent	trust	undercurrent
despotic	anger	despotic
despotic	anticipation	despotic
despotic	disgust	despotic
despotic	fear	despotic
despotic	joy	despotic
despotic	negative	despotic
despotic	positive	despotic
despotic	sadness	despotic
despotic	surprise	despotic
despotic	trust	despotic
significance	anger	importancia
significance	anticipation	de importancia
significance	disgust	de importancia
significance	fear	de importancia
significance	joy	importancia
significance	negative	de importancia
significance	positive	de importancia
significance	sadness	de importancia
significance	surprise	importancia
significance	trust	de importancia
worthy	anger	digna
worthy	anticipation	digno
worthy	disgust	digno
worthy	fear	digno
worthy	joy	digno
worthy	negative	digno
worthy	positive	digno
worthy	sadness	avatar
worthy	surprise	de avatar
worthy	trust	digno
avatar	anger	digno
avatar	anticipation	digno
avatar	disgust	avatar
avatar	fear	de avatar
avatar	joy	de avatar
avatar	negative	de avatar
avatar	positive	avatar
avatar	sadness	de avatar
avatar	surprise	de avatar
avatar	trust	de avatar
gun	anger	pistola
gun	anticipation	de pistola
gun	disgust	de pistola
gun	fear	de pistola
gun	joy	pistola
gun	negative	de pistola
gun	positive	de pistola
gun	sadness	de pistola
gun	surprise	pistola
gun	trust	de pistola
incognito	anger	incognito
incognito	anticipation	incognito
incognito	disgust	incognito
incognito	fear	incognito
incognito	joy	incognito
incognito	negative	incognito
incognito	positive	incognito
incognito	sadness	incognito
incognito	surprise	incognito
incognito	trust	incognito
transient	anger	transitorio
transient	anticipation	transitorio
transient	disgust	transitorio
transient	fear	transitorio
transient	joy	transitorio
transient	negative	transitorio
transient	positive	transitorio
transient	sadness	transitorio
transient	surprise	transitorio
transient	trust	transitorio
gratify	anger	gratificar
gratify	anticipation	gratificar
gratify	disgust	gratificar
gratify	fear	gratificar
gratify	joy	gratificar
gratify	negative	gratificar
gratify	positive	gratificar
gratify	sadness	gratificar
gratify	surprise	gratificar
gratify	trust	gratificar
cannon	anger	cañón
cannon	anticipation	de cañón
cannon	disgust	de cañón
cannon	fear	de cañón
cannon	joy	cañón
cannon	negative	de cañón
cannon	positive	de cañón
cannon	sadness	de cañón
cannon	surprise	detective
cannon	trust	de detective
investigator	anger	de cañón
investigator	anticipation	de cañón
investigator	disgust	detective
investigator	fear	de detective
investigator	joy	de detective
investigator	negative	de detective
investigator	positive	detective
investigator	sadness	de detective
investigator	surprise	de detective
investigator	trust	de detective
highlands	anger	tierras altas
highlands	anticipation	de tierras altas
highlands	disgust	de tierras altas
highlands	fear	de tierras altas
highlands	joy	tierras altas
highlands	negative	de tierras altas
highlands	positive	de tierras altas
highlands	sadness	de tierras altas
highlands	surprise	tierras altas
highlands	trust	de tierras altas
perpendicular	anger	perpendiculares
perpendicular	anticipation	perpendiculares
perpendicular	disgust	perpendiculares
perpendicular	fear	perpendiculares
perpendicular	joy	perpendiculares
perpendicular	negative	perpendiculares
perpendicular	positive	perpendiculares
perpendicular	sadness	perpendiculares
perpendicular	surprise	perpendiculares
perpendicular	trust	perpendiculares
drone	anger	drone
drone	anticipation	drone
drone	disgust	drone
drone	fear	drone
drone	joy	drone
drone	negative	drone
drone	positive	drone
drone	sadness	drone
drone	surprise	drone
drone	trust	drone
swamp	anger	ciénaga
swamp	anticipation	de ciénaga
swamp	disgust	de ciénaga
swamp	fear	de ciénaga
swamp	joy	ciénaga
swamp	negative	de ciénaga
swamp	positive	de ciénaga
swamp	sadness	de ciénaga
swamp	surprise	consejo
swamp	trust	de consejo
counsel	anger	de ciénaga
counsel	anticipation	de ciénaga
counsel	disgust	consejo
counsel	fear	de consejo
counsel	joy	de consejo
counsel	negative	de consejo
counsel	positive	consejo
counsel	sadness	de consejo
counsel	surprise	de consejo
counsel	trust	de consejo
ash	anger	ceniza
ash	anticipation	de ceniza
ash	disgust	de ceniza
ash	fear	de ceniza
ash	joy	ceniza
ash	negative	de ceniza
ash	positive	de ceniza
ash	sadness	de ceniza
ash	surprise	asignación
ash	trust	de asignación
allocation	anger	de ceniza
allocation	anticipation	de ceniza
allocation	disgust	asignación
allocation	fear	de asignación
allocation	joy	de asignación
allocation	negative	de asignación
allocation	positive	asignación
allocation	sadness	de asignación
allocation	surprise	de asignación
allocation	trust	de asignación
weeding	anger	weeding
weeding	anticipation	weeding
weeding	disgust	weeding
weeding	fear	weeding
weeding	joy	weeding
weeding	negative	weeding
weeding	positive	weeding
weeding	sadness	weeding
weeding	surprise	weeding
weeding	trust	weeding
university	anger	universitario
university	anticipation	universitario
university	disgust	universitario
university	fear	universitario
university	joy	universitario
university	negative	universitario
university	positive	universitario
university	sadness	recompensa
university	surprise	de recompensa
university	trust	universitaria
reward	anger	universitaria
reward	anticipation	universitaria
reward	disgust	recompensa
reward	fear	de recompensa
reward	joy	de recompensa
reward	negative	de recompensa
reward	positive	recompensa
reward	sadness	de recompensa
reward	surprise	de recompensa
reward	trust	de recompensa
confined	anger	limitó
confined	anticipation	limitada
confined	disgust	limitó
confined	fear	limitado
confined	joy	limitó
confined	negative	limitado
confined	positive	limitó
confined	sadness	limitado
confined	surprise	limitó
confined	trust	limitado
quit	anger	dejar
quit	anticipation	dejar
quit	disgust	dejar
quit	fear	dejar
quit	joy	dejar
quit	negative	dejar
quit	positive	dejar
quit	sadness	dejar
quit	surprise	dejar
quit	trust	dejar
pendent	anger	pendent
pendent	anticipation	pendent
pendent	disgust	pendent
pendent	fear	pendent
pendent	joy	pendent
pendent	negative	pendent
pendent	positive	pendent
pendent	sadness	pendent
pendent	surprise	pendent
pendent	trust	pendent
friendly	anger	amistoso
friendly	anticipation	amistoso
friendly	disgust	amistoso
friendly	fear	amistoso
friendly	joy	amistoso
friendly	negative	amistoso
friendly	positive	amistoso
friendly	sadness	amistoso
friendly	surprise	amistoso
friendly	trust	amistoso
bulbous	anger	bulboso
bulbous	anticipation	bulboso
bulbous	disgust	bulboso
bulbous	fear	bulboso
bulbous	joy	bulboso
bulbous	negative	bulboso
bulbous	positive	bulboso
bulbous	sadness	bulboso
bulbous	surprise	bulboso
bulbous	trust	bulboso
workplace	anger	workplace
workplace	anticipation	workplace
workplace	disgust	workplace
workplace	fear	workplace
workplace	joy	workplace
workplace	negative	workplace
workplace	positive	workplace
workplace	sadness	workplace
workplace	surprise	workplace
workplace	trust	workplace
transfusion	anger	transfusión
transfusion	anticipation	de transfusión
transfusion	disgust	de transfusión
transfusion	fear	de transfusión
transfusion	joy	transfusión
transfusion	negative	de transfusión
transfusion	positive	de transfusión
transfusion	sadness	de transfusión
transfusion	surprise	principio
transfusion	trust	de principio
principle	anger	de transfusión
principle	anticipation	de transfusión
principle	disgust	principio
principle	fear	de principio
principle	joy	de principio
principle	negative	de principio
principle	positive	principio
principle	sadness	de principio
principle	surprise	de principio
principle	trust	de principio
monument	anger	monumento
monument	anticipation	de monumento
monument	disgust	de monumento
monument	fear	de monumento
monument	joy	monumento
monument	negative	de monumento
monument	positive	de monumento
monument	sadness	de monumento
monument	surprise	monumento
monument	trust	de monumento
waver	anger	waver
waver	anticipation	waver
waver	disgust	waver
waver	fear	waver
waver	joy	waver
waver	negative	waver
waver	positive	waver
waver	sadness	waver
waver	surprise	waver
waver	trust	waver
lengthen	anger	alargar
lengthen	anticipation	alargar
lengthen	disgust	alargar
lengthen	fear	alargar
lengthen	joy	alargar
lengthen	negative	alargar
lengthen	positive	alargar
lengthen	sadness	alargar
lengthen	surprise	alargar
lengthen	trust	alargar
indoctrination	anger	adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	anticipation	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	disgust	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	fear	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	joy	adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	negative	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	positive	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	sadness	de adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	surprise	adoctrinamiento
indoctrination	trust	de adoctrinamiento
leafy	anger	frondoso
leafy	anticipation	frondoso
leafy	disgust	frondoso
leafy	fear	frondoso
leafy	joy	frondoso
leafy	negative	frondoso
leafy	positive	frondoso
leafy	sadness	frondoso
leafy	surprise	frondoso
leafy	trust	frondoso
visiting	anger	visitando
visiting	anticipation	visitando
visiting	disgust	visitando
visiting	fear	visitando
visiting	joy	visitando
visiting	negative	visitando
visiting	positive	visitando
visiting	sadness	visitando
visiting	surprise	visitando
visiting	trust	visitando
equivocal	anger	equívoco
equivocal	anticipation	equívoco
equivocal	disgust	equívoco
equivocal	fear	equívoco
equivocal	joy	equívoco
equivocal	negative	equívoco
equivocal	positive	equívoco
equivocal	sadness	equívoco
equivocal	surprise	equívoco
equivocal	trust	equívoco
cartographic	anger	cartográfico
cartographic	anticipation	cartográfico
cartographic	disgust	cartográfico
cartographic	fear	cartográfico
cartographic	joy	cartográfico
cartographic	negative	cartográfico
cartographic	positive	cartográfico
cartographic	sadness	cartográfico
cartographic	surprise	cartográfico
cartographic	trust	cartográfico
competence	anger	competence
competence	anticipation	competence
competence	disgust	competence
competence	fear	competence
competence	joy	competence
competence	negative	competence
competence	positive	competence
competence	sadness	competence
competence	surprise	competence
competence	trust	competence
visibility	anger	visibilidad
visibility	anticipation	de visibilidad
visibility	disgust	de visibilidad
visibility	fear	de visibilidad
visibility	joy	visibilidad
visibility	negative	de visibilidad
visibility	positive	de visibilidad
visibility	sadness	de visibilidad
visibility	surprise	visibilidad
visibility	trust	de visibilidad
cheep	anger	cheep
cheep	anticipation	cheep
cheep	disgust	cheep
cheep	fear	cheep
cheep	joy	cheep
cheep	negative	cheep
cheep	positive	cheep
cheep	sadness	cheep
cheep	surprise	cheep
cheep	trust	cheep
reap	anger	reap
reap	anticipation	reap
reap	disgust	reap
reap	fear	reap
reap	joy	reap
reap	negative	reap
reap	positive	reap
reap	sadness	reap
reap	surprise	reap
reap	trust	reap
partake	anger	partake
partake	anticipation	partake
partake	disgust	partake
partake	fear	partake
partake	joy	partake
partake	negative	partake
partake	positive	partake
partake	sadness	partake
partake	surprise	partake
partake	trust	partake
contradictory	anger	contradictorio
contradictory	anticipation	contradictorio
contradictory	disgust	contradictorio
contradictory	fear	contradictorio
contradictory	joy	contradictorio
contradictory	negative	contradictorio
contradictory	positive	contradictorio
contradictory	sadness	contradictorio
contradictory	surprise	contradictorio
contradictory	trust	contradictorio
uninvited	anger	uninvited
uninvited	anticipation	uninvited
uninvited	disgust	uninvited
uninvited	fear	uninvited
uninvited	joy	uninvited
uninvited	negative	uninvited
uninvited	positive	uninvited
uninvited	sadness	uninvited
uninvited	surprise	uninvited
uninvited	trust	uninvited
hero	anger	héroe
hero	anticipation	de héroe
hero	disgust	de héroe
hero	fear	de héroe
hero	joy	héroe
hero	negative	de héroe
hero	positive	de héroe
hero	sadness	de héroe
hero	surprise	penitencia
hero	trust	de penitencia
penance	anger	de héroe
penance	anticipation	de héroe
penance	disgust	penitencia
penance	fear	de penitencia
penance	joy	de penitencia
penance	negative	de penitencia
penance	positive	penitencia
penance	sadness	de penitencia
penance	surprise	de penitencia
penance	trust	de penitencia
smother	anger	smother
smother	anticipation	smother
smother	disgust	smother
smother	fear	smother
smother	joy	smother
smother	negative	smother
smother	positive	smother
smother	sadness	smother
smother	surprise	smother
smother	trust	smother
request	anger	petición
request	anticipation	de petición
request	disgust	de petición
request	fear	de petición
request	joy	petición
request	negative	de petición
request	positive	de petición
request	sadness	de petición
request	surprise	termodinámica
request	trust	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	anger	de petición
thermodynamics	anticipation	de petición
thermodynamics	disgust	termodinámica
thermodynamics	fear	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	joy	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	negative	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	positive	termodinámica
thermodynamics	sadness	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	surprise	de termodinámica
thermodynamics	trust	de termodinámica
formation	anger	formación
formation	anticipation	de formación
formation	disgust	de formación
formation	fear	de formación
formation	joy	formación
formation	negative	de formación
formation	positive	de formación
formation	sadness	de formación
formation	surprise	formación
formation	trust	de formación
refractory	anger	refractaria
refractory	anticipation	refractario
refractory	disgust	refractario
refractory	fear	refractario
refractory	joy	refractario
refractory	negative	refractario
refractory	positive	refractario
refractory	sadness	refractario
refractory	surprise	refractario
refractory	trust	refractario
liking	anger	gustando
liking	anticipation	gustando
liking	disgust	gustando
liking	fear	gustando
liking	joy	gustando
liking	negative	gustando
liking	positive	gustando
liking	sadness	gustando
liking	surprise	gustando
liking	trust	gustando
ship	anger	barco
ship	anticipation	de barco
ship	disgust	de barco
ship	fear	de barco
ship	joy	barco
ship	negative	de barco
ship	positive	de barco
ship	sadness	de barco
ship	surprise	barco
ship	trust	de barco
excruciating	anger	excruciating
excruciating	anticipation	excruciating
excruciating	disgust	excruciating
excruciating	fear	excruciating
excruciating	joy	excruciating
excruciating	negative	excruciating
excruciating	positive	excruciating
excruciating	sadness	excruciating
excruciating	surprise	excruciating
excruciating	trust	excruciating
spoon	anger	cuchara
spoon	anticipation	de cuchara
spoon	disgust	de cuchara
spoon	fear	de cuchara
spoon	joy	cuchara
spoon	negative	de cuchara
spoon	positive	de cuchara
spoon	sadness	de cuchara
spoon	surprise	ópalo
spoon	trust	de ópalo
opal	anger	de cuchara
opal	anticipation	de cuchara
opal	disgust	ópalo
opal	fear	de ópalo
opal	joy	de ópalo
opal	negative	de ópalo
opal	positive	ópalo
opal	sadness	de ópalo
opal	surprise	de ópalo
opal	trust	de ópalo
curry	anger	curry
curry	anticipation	de curry
curry	disgust	de curry
curry	fear	de curry
curry	joy	curry
curry	negative	de curry
curry	positive	de curry
curry	sadness	de curry
curry	surprise	meteorología
curry	trust	de meteorología
meteorology	anger	de curry
meteorology	anticipation	de curry
meteorology	disgust	meteorología
meteorology	fear	de meteorología
meteorology	joy	de meteorología
meteorology	negative	de meteorología
meteorology	positive	meteorología
meteorology	sadness	de meteorología
meteorology	surprise	de meteorología
meteorology	trust	de meteorología
yon	anger	yon
yon	anticipation	yon
yon	disgust	yon
yon	fear	yon
yon	joy	yon
yon	negative	yon
yon	positive	yon
yon	sadness	yon
yon	surprise	yon
yon	trust	yon
sweltering	anger	sweltering
sweltering	anticipation	sweltering
sweltering	disgust	sweltering
sweltering	fear	sweltering
sweltering	joy	sweltering
sweltering	negative	sweltering
sweltering	positive	sweltering
sweltering	sadness	sweltering
sweltering	surprise	sweltering
sweltering	trust	sweltering
questioning	anger	cuestionando
questioning	anticipation	cuestionando
questioning	disgust	cuestionando
questioning	fear	cuestionando
questioning	joy	cuestionando
questioning	negative	cuestionando
questioning	positive	cuestionando
questioning	sadness	cuestionando
questioning	surprise	cuestionando
questioning	trust	cuestionando
forest	anger	bosque
forest	anticipation	de bosque
forest	disgust	de bosque
forest	fear	de bosque
forest	joy	bosque
forest	negative	de bosque
forest	positive	de bosque
forest	sadness	de bosque
forest	surprise	bosque
forest	trust	de bosque
unattached	anger	unattached
unattached	anticipation	unattached
unattached	disgust	unattached
unattached	fear	unattached
unattached	joy	unattached
unattached	negative	unattached
unattached	positive	unattached
unattached	sadness	unattached
unattached	surprise	unattached
unattached	trust	unattached
rawhide	anger	rawhide
rawhide	anticipation	rawhide
rawhide	disgust	rawhide
rawhide	fear	rawhide
rawhide	joy	rawhide
rawhide	negative	rawhide
rawhide	positive	rawhide
rawhide	sadness	rawhide
rawhide	surprise	rawhide
rawhide	trust	rawhide
breech	anger	breech
breech	anticipation	breech
breech	disgust	breech
breech	fear	breech
breech	joy	breech
breech	negative	breech
breech	positive	breech
breech	sadness	breech
breech	surprise	breech
breech	trust	breech
aftermath	anger	consecuencias
aftermath	anticipation	de consecuencias
aftermath	disgust	de consecuencias
aftermath	fear	de consecuencias
aftermath	joy	consecuencias
aftermath	negative	de consecuencias
aftermath	positive	de consecuencias
aftermath	sadness	de consecuencias
aftermath	surprise	consecuencias
aftermath	trust	de consecuencias
mangle	anger	mangle
mangle	anticipation	mangle
mangle	disgust	mangle
mangle	fear	mangle
mangle	joy	mangle
mangle	negative	mangle
mangle	positive	mangle
mangle	sadness	mangle
mangle	surprise	mangle
mangle	trust	mangle
specially	anger	especialmente
specially	anticipation	especialmente
specially	disgust	especialmente
specially	fear	especialmente
specially	joy	especialmente
specially	negative	especialmente
specially	positive	especialmente
specially	sadness	especialmente
specially	surprise	especialmente
specially	trust	especialmente
hoop	anger	hoop
hoop	anticipation	hoop
hoop	disgust	hoop
hoop	fear	hoop
hoop	joy	hoop
hoop	negative	hoop
hoop	positive	hoop
hoop	sadness	hoop
hoop	surprise	hoop
hoop	trust	hoop
plume	anger	penacho
plume	anticipation	de penacho
plume	disgust	de penacho
plume	fear	de penacho
plume	joy	penacho
plume	negative	de penacho
plume	positive	de penacho
plume	sadness	de penacho
plume	surprise	penacho
plume	trust	de penacho
launch	anger	lanzador
launch	anticipation	lanzador
launch	disgust	lanzador
launch	fear	lanzador
launch	joy	lanzador
launch	negative	lanzador
launch	positive	lanzador
launch	sadness	lanzador
launch	surprise	lanzador
launch	trust	lanzador
honest	anger	sincero
honest	anticipation	sincero
honest	disgust	sincero
honest	fear	sincero
honest	joy	sincero
honest	negative	sincero
honest	positive	sincero
honest	sadness	ábaco
honest	surprise	de ábaco
honest	trust	sincero
abacus	anger	sincero
abacus	anticipation	sincero
abacus	disgust	ábaco
abacus	fear	de ábaco
abacus	joy	de ábaco
abacus	negative	de ábaco
abacus	positive	ábaco
abacus	sadness	de ábaco
abacus	surprise	de ábaco
abacus	trust	de ábaco
eclectic	anger	eclectic
eclectic	anticipation	eclectic
eclectic	disgust	eclectic
eclectic	fear	eclectic
eclectic	joy	eclectic
eclectic	negative	eclectic
eclectic	positive	eclectic
eclectic	sadness	eclectic
eclectic	surprise	eclectic
eclectic	trust	eclectic
endowed	anger	dotó
endowed	anticipation	dotado
endowed	disgust	dotó
endowed	fear	dotado
endowed	joy	dotó
endowed	negative	dotado
endowed	positive	dotó
endowed	sadness	dotado
endowed	surprise	dotó
endowed	trust	emoción
thrill	anger	de emoción
thrill	anticipation	de emoción
thrill	disgust	dotada
thrill	fear	emoción
thrill	joy	de emoción
thrill	negative	de emoción
thrill	positive	de emoción
thrill	sadness	corteza
thrill	surprise	de emoción
thrill	trust	de emoción
rind	anger	de emoción
rind	anticipation	corteza
rind	disgust	de corteza
rind	fear	de corteza
rind	joy	de corteza
rind	negative	corteza
rind	positive	de corteza
rind	sadness	de corteza
rind	surprise	de corteza
rind	trust	crisis
crisis	anger	de crisis
crisis	anticipation	de crisis
crisis	disgust	de corteza
crisis	fear	crisis
crisis	joy	de crisis
crisis	negative	de crisis
crisis	positive	de crisis
crisis	sadness	crisis
crisis	surprise	de crisis
crisis	trust	de la crisis
buzz	anger	buzz
buzz	anticipation	buzz
buzz	disgust	buzz
buzz	fear	buzz
buzz	joy	buzz
buzz	negative	buzz
buzz	positive	buzz
buzz	sadness	buzz
buzz	surprise	buzz
buzz	trust	buzz
patriot	anger	patriota
patriot	anticipation	de patriota
patriot	disgust	de patriota
patriot	fear	de patriota
patriot	joy	patriota
patriot	negative	de patriota
patriot	positive	de patriota
patriot	sadness	de patriota
patriot	surprise	patriota
patriot	trust	de patriota
affiliated	anger	afilió
affiliated	anticipation	afiliado
affiliated	disgust	afilió
affiliated	fear	afiliado
affiliated	joy	afilió
affiliated	negative	afiliado
affiliated	positive	afilió
affiliated	sadness	afiliado
affiliated	surprise	afilió
affiliated	trust	afiliado
combative	anger	combative
combative	anticipation	combative
combative	disgust	combative
combative	fear	combative
combative	joy	combative
combative	negative	combative
combative	positive	combative
combative	sadness	combative
combative	surprise	combative
combative	trust	combative
pillowcase	anger	pillowcase
pillowcase	anticipation	pillowcase
pillowcase	disgust	pillowcase
pillowcase	fear	pillowcase
pillowcase	joy	pillowcase
pillowcase	negative	pillowcase
pillowcase	positive	pillowcase
pillowcase	sadness	pillowcase
pillowcase	surprise	pillowcase
pillowcase	trust	pillowcase
statesman	anger	estadista
statesman	anticipation	de estadista
statesman	disgust	de estadista
statesman	fear	de estadista
statesman	joy	estadista
statesman	negative	de estadista
statesman	positive	de estadista
statesman	sadness	de estadista
statesman	surprise	estadista
statesman	trust	de estadista
wont	anger	wont
wont	anticipation	wont
wont	disgust	wont
wont	fear	wont
wont	joy	wont
wont	negative	wont
wont	positive	wont
wont	sadness	wont
wont	surprise	wont
wont	trust	wont
specter	anger	espectro
specter	anticipation	de espectro
specter	disgust	de espectro
specter	fear	de espectro
specter	joy	espectro
specter	negative	de espectro
specter	positive	de espectro
specter	sadness	de espectro
specter	surprise	espectro
specter	trust	de espectro
scaffold	anger	scaffold
scaffold	anticipation	scaffold
scaffold	disgust	scaffold
scaffold	fear	scaffold
scaffold	joy	scaffold
scaffold	negative	scaffold
scaffold	positive	scaffold
scaffold	sadness	scaffold
scaffold	surprise	scaffold
scaffold	trust	scaffold
acres	anger	acres
acres	anticipation	de acres
acres	disgust	de acres
acres	fear	de acres
acres	joy	acres
acres	negative	de acres
acres	positive	de acres
acres	sadness	de acres
acres	surprise	destacamento
acres	trust	de destacamento
detachment	anger	de acres
detachment	anticipation	de acres
detachment	disgust	destacamento
detachment	fear	de destacamento
detachment	joy	de destacamento
detachment	negative	de destacamento
detachment	positive	destacamento
detachment	sadness	de destacamento
detachment	surprise	de destacamento
detachment	trust	de destacamento
morbidity	anger	morbidity
morbidity	anticipation	morbidity
morbidity	disgust	morbidity
morbidity	fear	morbidity
morbidity	joy	morbidity
morbidity	negative	morbidity
morbidity	positive	morbidity
morbidity	sadness	morbidity
morbidity	surprise	morbidity
morbidity	trust	morbidity
obliged	anger	obligó
obliged	anticipation	obligado
obliged	disgust	obligó
obliged	fear	obligado
obliged	joy	obligó
obliged	negative	obligado
obliged	positive	obligó
obliged	sadness	obligado
obliged	surprise	obligó
obliged	trust	obligado
sorrowful	anger	sorrowful
sorrowful	anticipation	sorrowful
sorrowful	disgust	sorrowful
sorrowful	fear	sorrowful
sorrowful	joy	sorrowful
sorrowful	negative	sorrowful
sorrowful	positive	sorrowful
sorrowful	sadness	sorrowful
sorrowful	surprise	sorrowful
sorrowful	trust	sorrowful
liberty	anger	libertad
liberty	anticipation	de libertad
liberty	disgust	de libertad
liberty	fear	de libertad
liberty	joy	libertad
liberty	negative	de libertad
liberty	positive	de libertad
liberty	sadness	de libertad
liberty	surprise	libertad
liberty	trust	de libertad
escalade	anger	escalade
escalade	anticipation	escalade
escalade	disgust	escalade
escalade	fear	escalade
escalade	joy	escalade
escalade	negative	escalade
escalade	positive	escalade
escalade	sadness	escalade
escalade	surprise	escalade
escalade	trust	escalade
sally	anger	sally
sally	anticipation	sally
sally	disgust	sally
sally	fear	sally
sally	joy	sally
sally	negative	sally
sally	positive	sally
sally	sadness	sally
sally	surprise	sally
sally	trust	sally
broth	anger	caldo
broth	anticipation	de caldo
broth	disgust	de caldo
broth	fear	de caldo
broth	joy	caldo
broth	negative	de caldo
broth	positive	de caldo
broth	sadness	de caldo
broth	surprise	caldo
broth	trust	de caldo
furrow	anger	furrow
furrow	anticipation	furrow
furrow	disgust	furrow
furrow	fear	furrow
furrow	joy	furrow
furrow	negative	furrow
furrow	positive	furrow
furrow	sadness	furrow
furrow	surprise	furrow
furrow	trust	furrow
namesake	anger	namesake
namesake	anticipation	namesake
namesake	disgust	namesake
namesake	fear	namesake
namesake	joy	namesake
namesake	negative	namesake
namesake	positive	namesake
namesake	sadness	namesake
namesake	surprise	namesake
namesake	trust	namesake
subliminal	anger	subliminal
subliminal	anticipation	subliminal
subliminal	disgust	subliminal
subliminal	fear	subliminal
subliminal	joy	subliminal
subliminal	negative	subliminal
subliminal	positive	subliminal
subliminal	sadness	subliminal
subliminal	surprise	subliminal
subliminal	trust	subliminal
preclude	anger	impedir
preclude	anticipation	impedir
preclude	disgust	impedir
preclude	fear	impedir
preclude	joy	impedir
preclude	negative	impedir
preclude	positive	impedir
preclude	sadness	impedir
preclude	surprise	impedir
preclude	trust	impedir
respirator	anger	respirator
respirator	anticipation	respirator
respirator	disgust	respirator
respirator	fear	respirator
respirator	joy	respirator
respirator	negative	respirator
respirator	positive	respirator
respirator	sadness	respirator
respirator	surprise	respirator
respirator	trust	respirator
appraise	anger	valorar
appraise	anticipation	valorar
appraise	disgust	valorar
appraise	fear	valorar
appraise	joy	valorar
appraise	negative	valorar
appraise	positive	valorar
appraise	sadness	valorar
appraise	surprise	valorar
appraise	trust	valorar
untitled	anger	untitled
untitled	anticipation	untitled
untitled	disgust	untitled
untitled	fear	untitled
untitled	joy	untitled
untitled	negative	untitled
untitled	positive	untitled
untitled	sadness	untitled
untitled	surprise	untitled
untitled	trust	untitled
glen	anger	glen
glen	anticipation	glen
glen	disgust	glen
glen	fear	glen
glen	joy	glen
glen	negative	glen
glen	positive	glen
glen	sadness	glen
glen	surprise	glen
glen	trust	glen
humiliating	anger	humillando
humiliating	anticipation	humillando
humiliating	disgust	humillando
humiliating	fear	humillando
humiliating	joy	humillando
humiliating	negative	humillando
humiliating	positive	humillando
humiliating	sadness	humillando
humiliating	surprise	humillando
humiliating	trust	humillando
confuse	anger	confunde
confuse	anticipation	confundir
confuse	disgust	confundir
confuse	fear	confundir
confuse	joy	confundir
confuse	negative	confundir
confuse	positive	confundir
confuse	sadness	confundir
confuse	surprise	confundir
confuse	trust	confundir
crazy	anger	loco
crazy	anticipation	loco
crazy	disgust	loco
crazy	fear	loco
crazy	joy	loco
crazy	negative	loco
crazy	positive	loco
crazy	sadness	loco
crazy	surprise	loco
crazy	trust	loco
aggravated	anger	agravó
aggravated	anticipation	agravado
aggravated	disgust	agravó
aggravated	fear	agravado
aggravated	joy	agravó
aggravated	negative	agravado
aggravated	positive	agravó
aggravated	sadness	agravado
aggravated	surprise	agravó
aggravated	trust	esmalte
enamel	anger	de esmalte
enamel	anticipation	de esmalte
enamel	disgust	agravado
enamel	fear	esmalte
enamel	joy	de esmalte
enamel	negative	de esmalte
enamel	positive	de esmalte
enamel	sadness	esmalte
enamel	surprise	de esmalte
enamel	trust	del esmalte
mad	anger	loco
mad	anticipation	loco
mad	disgust	loco
mad	fear	loco
mad	joy	loco
mad	negative	loco
mad	positive	loco
mad	sadness	loco
mad	surprise	loco
mad	trust	loco
rattlesnake	anger	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	anticipation	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	disgust	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	fear	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	joy	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	negative	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	positive	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	sadness	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	surprise	rattlesnake
rattlesnake	trust	rattlesnake
quartet	anger	cuarteto
quartet	anticipation	de cuarteto
quartet	disgust	de cuarteto
quartet	fear	de cuarteto
quartet	joy	cuarteto
quartet	negative	de cuarteto
quartet	positive	de cuarteto
quartet	sadness	de cuarteto
quartet	surprise	cuarteto
quartet	trust	de cuarteto
fill	anger	llena
fill	anticipation	llenar
fill	disgust	llenar
fill	fear	llenar
fill	joy	llenar
fill	negative	llenar
fill	positive	llenar
fill	sadness	llenar
fill	surprise	llenar
fill	trust	llenar
fraternity	anger	fraternidad
fraternity	anticipation	de fraternidad
fraternity	disgust	de fraternidad
fraternity	fear	de fraternidad
fraternity	joy	fraternidad
fraternity	negative	de fraternidad
fraternity	positive	de fraternidad
fraternity	sadness	de fraternidad
fraternity	surprise	fraternidad
fraternity	trust	de fraternidad
rink	anger	rink
rink	anticipation	rink
rink	disgust	rink
rink	fear	rink
rink	joy	rink
rink	negative	rink
rink	positive	rink
rink	sadness	rink
rink	surprise	rink
rink	trust	rink
mutton	anger	mutton
mutton	anticipation	mutton
mutton	disgust	mutton
mutton	fear	mutton
mutton	joy	mutton
mutton	negative	mutton
mutton	positive	mutton
mutton	sadness	mutton
mutton	surprise	mutton
mutton	trust	mutton
buckled	anger	buckled
buckled	anticipation	buckled
buckled	disgust	buckled
buckled	fear	buckled
buckled	joy	buckled
buckled	negative	buckled
buckled	positive	buckled
buckled	sadness	buckled
buckled	surprise	buckled
buckled	trust	buckled
drier	anger	más seco
drier	anticipation	más seco
drier	disgust	más seco
drier	fear	más seco
drier	joy	más seco
drier	negative	más seco
drier	positive	más seco
drier	sadness	infanticidio
drier	surprise	de infanticidio
drier	trust	más seco
infanticide	anger	más seco
infanticide	anticipation	más seco
infanticide	disgust	infanticidio
infanticide	fear	de infanticidio
infanticide	joy	de infanticidio
infanticide	negative	de infanticidio
infanticide	positive	infanticidio
infanticide	sadness	de infanticidio
infanticide	surprise	de infanticidio
infanticide	trust	de infanticidio
cot	anger	cot
cot	anticipation	cot
cot	disgust	cot
cot	fear	cot
cot	joy	cot
cot	negative	cot
cot	positive	cot
cot	sadness	cot
cot	surprise	cot
cot	trust	cot
glassware	anger	cristalería
glassware	anticipation	de cristalería
glassware	disgust	de cristalería
glassware	fear	de cristalería
glassware	joy	cristalería
glassware	negative	de cristalería
glassware	positive	de cristalería
glassware	sadness	de cristalería
glassware	surprise	cristalería
glassware	trust	de cristalería
insufficient	anger	insuficiente
insufficient	anticipation	insuficiente
insufficient	disgust	insuficiente
insufficient	fear	insuficiente
insufficient	joy	insuficiente
insufficient	negative	insuficiente
insufficient	positive	insuficiente
insufficient	sadness	insuficiente
insufficient	surprise	insuficiente
insufficient	trust	insuficiente
estrogen	anger	estrogen
estrogen	anticipation	estrogen
estrogen	disgust	estrogen
estrogen	fear	estrogen
estrogen	joy	estrogen
estrogen	negative	estrogen
estrogen	positive	estrogen
estrogen	sadness	estrogen
estrogen	surprise	estrogen
estrogen	trust	estrogen
newsstand	anger	newsstand
newsstand	anticipation	newsstand
newsstand	disgust	newsstand
newsstand	fear	newsstand
newsstand	joy	newsstand
newsstand	negative	newsstand
newsstand	positive	newsstand
newsstand	sadness	newsstand
newsstand	surprise	newsstand
newsstand	trust	newsstand
descent	anger	descenso
descent	anticipation	de descenso
descent	disgust	de descenso
descent	fear	de descenso
descent	joy	descenso
descent	negative	de descenso
descent	positive	de descenso
descent	sadness	de descenso
descent	surprise	descenso
descent	trust	de descenso
naturalization	anger	naturalization
naturalization	anticipation	naturalization
naturalization	disgust	naturalization
naturalization	fear	naturalization
naturalization	joy	naturalization
naturalization	negative	naturalization
naturalization	positive	naturalization
naturalization	sadness	naturalization
naturalization	surprise	naturalization
naturalization	trust	naturalization
chap	anger	chap
chap	anticipation	chap
chap	disgust	chap
chap	fear	chap
chap	joy	chap
chap	negative	chap
chap	positive	chap
chap	sadness	chap
chap	surprise	chap
chap	trust	chap
inadequate	anger	inadecuado
inadequate	anticipation	inadecuado
inadequate	disgust	inadecuado
inadequate	fear	inadecuado
inadequate	joy	inadecuado
inadequate	negative	inadecuado
inadequate	positive	inadecuado
inadequate	sadness	sexo
inadequate	surprise	de sexo
inadequate	trust	inadecuado
sex	anger	inadecuado
sex	anticipation	inadecuado
sex	disgust	sexo
sex	fear	de sexo
sex	joy	de sexo
sex	negative	de sexo
sex	positive	sexo
sex	sadness	de sexo
sex	surprise	de sexo
sex	trust	de sexo
bedroom	anger	dormitorio
bedroom	anticipation	de dormitorio
bedroom	disgust	de dormitorio
bedroom	fear	de dormitorio
bedroom	joy	dormitorio
bedroom	negative	de dormitorio
bedroom	positive	de dormitorio
bedroom	sadness	de dormitorio
bedroom	surprise	dormitorio
bedroom	trust	de dormitorio
frantic	anger	frenético
frantic	anticipation	frenético
frantic	disgust	frenético
frantic	fear	frenético
frantic	joy	frenético
frantic	negative	frenético
frantic	positive	frenético
frantic	sadness	frenético
frantic	surprise	frenético
frantic	trust	frenético
procrastination	anger	procrastination
procrastination	anticipation	procrastination
procrastination	disgust	procrastination
procrastination	fear	procrastination
procrastination	joy	procrastination
procrastination	negative	procrastination
procrastination	positive	procrastination
procrastination	sadness	procrastination
procrastination	surprise	procrastination
procrastination	trust	procrastination
office	anger	oficina
office	anticipation	de oficina
office	disgust	de oficina
office	fear	de oficina
office	joy	oficina
office	negative	de oficina
office	positive	de oficina
office	sadness	de oficina
office	surprise	oficina
office	trust	de oficina
candor	anger	candor
candor	anticipation	candor
candor	disgust	candor
candor	fear	candor
candor	joy	candor
candor	negative	candor
candor	positive	candor
candor	sadness	candor
candor	surprise	candor
candor	trust	candor
beck	anger	beck
beck	anticipation	beck
beck	disgust	beck
beck	fear	beck
beck	joy	beck
beck	negative	beck
beck	positive	beck
beck	sadness	beck
beck	surprise	beck
beck	trust	beck
hamper	anger	dificultar
hamper	anticipation	dificultar
hamper	disgust	dificultar
hamper	fear	dificultar
hamper	joy	dificultar
hamper	negative	dificultar
hamper	positive	dificultar
hamper	sadness	dificultar
hamper	surprise	dificultar
hamper	trust	dificultar
bulletproof	anger	antibalas
bulletproof	anticipation	antibalas
bulletproof	disgust	antibalas
bulletproof	fear	antibalas
bulletproof	joy	antibalas
bulletproof	negative	antibalas
bulletproof	positive	antibalas
bulletproof	sadness	pijama
bulletproof	surprise	de pijama
bulletproof	trust	antibalas
pajamas	anger	antibalas
pajamas	anticipation	antibalas
pajamas	disgust	pijama
pajamas	fear	de pijama
pajamas	joy	de pijama
pajamas	negative	de pijama
pajamas	positive	pijama
pajamas	sadness	de pijama
pajamas	surprise	de pijama
pajamas	trust	de pijama
originality	anger	originalidad
originality	anticipation	de originalidad
originality	disgust	de originalidad
originality	fear	de originalidad
originality	joy	originalidad
originality	negative	de originalidad
originality	positive	de originalidad
originality	sadness	de originalidad
originality	surprise	originalidad
originality	trust	de originalidad
news	anger	noticiosa
news	anticipation	noticioso
news	disgust	noticioso
news	fear	noticioso
news	joy	noticioso
news	negative	noticioso
news	positive	noticioso
news	sadness	principiante
news	surprise	de principiante
news	trust	noticioso
beginner	anger	noticioso
beginner	anticipation	noticioso
beginner	disgust	principiante
beginner	fear	de principiante
beginner	joy	de principiante
beginner	negative	de principiante
beginner	positive	principiante
beginner	sadness	de principiante
beginner	surprise	de principiante
beginner	trust	de principiante
skirts	anger	faldas
skirts	anticipation	de faldas
skirts	disgust	de faldas
skirts	fear	de faldas
skirts	joy	faldas
skirts	negative	de faldas
skirts	positive	de faldas
skirts	sadness	de faldas
skirts	surprise	titular
skirts	trust	de titular
headline	anger	de faldas
headline	anticipation	de faldas
headline	disgust	titular
headline	fear	de titular
headline	joy	de titular
headline	negative	de titular
headline	positive	titular
headline	sadness	de titular
headline	surprise	de titular
headline	trust	de titular
chemistry	anger	química
chemistry	anticipation	de química
chemistry	disgust	de química
chemistry	fear	de química
chemistry	joy	química
chemistry	negative	de química
chemistry	positive	de química
chemistry	sadness	de química
chemistry	surprise	tiranía
chemistry	trust	de tiranía
tyranny	anger	de química
tyranny	anticipation	de química
tyranny	disgust	tiranía
tyranny	fear	de tiranía
tyranny	joy	de tiranía
tyranny	negative	de tiranía
tyranny	positive	tiranía
tyranny	sadness	de tiranía
tyranny	surprise	de tiranía
tyranny	trust	de tiranía
cytomegalovirus	anger	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	anticipation	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	disgust	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	fear	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	joy	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	negative	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	positive	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	sadness	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	surprise	cytomegalovirus
cytomegalovirus	trust	cytomegalovirus
potential	anger	potencial
potential	anticipation	potencial
potential	disgust	potencial
potential	fear	potencial
potential	joy	potencial
potential	negative	potencial
potential	positive	potencial
potential	sadness	morro
potential	surprise	de morro
potential	trust	potencial
muzzle	anger	potencial
muzzle	anticipation	potencial
muzzle	disgust	morro
muzzle	fear	de morro
muzzle	joy	de morro
muzzle	negative	de morro
muzzle	positive	morro
muzzle	sadness	de morro
muzzle	surprise	de morro
muzzle	trust	de morro
decompose	anger	descompone
decompose	anticipation	descomponer
decompose	disgust	descomponer
decompose	fear	descomponer
decompose	joy	descomponer
decompose	negative	descomponer
decompose	positive	descomponer
decompose	sadness	descomponer
decompose	surprise	descomponer
decompose	trust	descomponer
plodding	anger	plodding
plodding	anticipation	plodding
plodding	disgust	plodding
plodding	fear	plodding
plodding	joy	plodding
plodding	negative	plodding
plodding	positive	plodding
plodding	sadness	plodding
plodding	surprise	plodding
plodding	trust	plodding
rapping	anger	rapping
rapping	anticipation	rapping
rapping	disgust	rapping
rapping	fear	rapping
rapping	joy	rapping
rapping	negative	rapping
rapping	positive	rapping
rapping	sadness	rapping
rapping	surprise	rapping
rapping	trust	rapping
tenant	anger	inquilino
tenant	anticipation	de inquilino
tenant	disgust	de inquilino
tenant	fear	de inquilino
tenant	joy	inquilino
tenant	negative	de inquilino
tenant	positive	de inquilino
tenant	sadness	de inquilino
tenant	surprise	fila
tenant	trust	de fila
row	anger	de inquilino
row	anticipation	de inquilino
row	disgust	fila
row	fear	de fila
row	joy	de fila
row	negative	de fila
row	positive	fila
row	sadness	de fila
row	surprise	de fila
row	trust	de fila
headquarters	anger	sede
headquarters	anticipation	de sede
headquarters	disgust	de sede
headquarters	fear	de sede
headquarters	joy	sede
headquarters	negative	de sede
headquarters	positive	de sede
headquarters	sadness	de sede
headquarters	surprise	sede
headquarters	trust	de sede
untested	anger	untested
untested	anticipation	untested
untested	disgust	untested
untested	fear	untested
untested	joy	untested
untested	negative	untested
untested	positive	untested
untested	sadness	untested
untested	surprise	untested
untested	trust	untested
treachery	anger	traición
treachery	anticipation	de traición
treachery	disgust	de traición
treachery	fear	de traición
treachery	joy	traición
treachery	negative	de traición
treachery	positive	de traición
treachery	sadness	de traición
treachery	surprise	pelota
treachery	trust	de pelota
ball	anger	de traición
ball	anticipation	de traición
ball	disgust	pelota
ball	fear	de pelota
ball	joy	de pelota
ball	negative	de pelota
ball	positive	pelota
ball	sadness	de pelota
ball	surprise	de pelota
ball	trust	de pelota
consul	anger	cónsul
consul	anticipation	de cónsul
consul	disgust	de cónsul
consul	fear	de cónsul
consul	joy	cónsul
consul	negative	de cónsul
consul	positive	de cónsul
consul	sadness	de cónsul
consul	surprise	convento
consul	trust	de convento
convent	anger	de cónsul
convent	anticipation	de cónsul
convent	disgust	convento
convent	fear	de convento
convent	joy	de convento
convent	negative	de convento
convent	positive	convento
convent	sadness	de convento
convent	surprise	de convento
convent	trust	de convento
tantamount	anger	tantamount
tantamount	anticipation	tantamount
tantamount	disgust	tantamount
tantamount	fear	tantamount
tantamount	joy	tantamount
tantamount	negative	tantamount
tantamount	positive	tantamount
tantamount	sadness	tantamount
tantamount	surprise	tantamount
tantamount	trust	tantamount
captivity	anger	cautividad
captivity	anticipation	de cautividad
captivity	disgust	de cautividad
captivity	fear	de cautividad
captivity	joy	cautividad
captivity	negative	de cautividad
captivity	positive	de cautividad
captivity	sadness	de cautividad
captivity	surprise	cautividad
captivity	trust	de cautividad que
governing	anger	gobierna
governing	anticipation	gobernando
governing	disgust	gobernando
governing	fear	gobernando
governing	joy	gobernando
governing	negative	gobernando
governing	positive	gobernando
governing	sadness	gobernando
governing	surprise	gobernando
governing	trust	gobernando
frosty	anger	frosty
frosty	anticipation	frosty
frosty	disgust	frosty
frosty	fear	frosty
frosty	joy	frosty
frosty	negative	frosty
frosty	positive	frosty
frosty	sadness	frosty
frosty	surprise	frosty
frosty	trust	frosty
gang	anger	pandilla
gang	anticipation	de pandilla
gang	disgust	de pandilla
gang	fear	de pandilla
gang	joy	pandilla
gang	negative	de pandilla
gang	positive	de pandilla
gang	sadness	de pandilla
gang	surprise	ortografía
gang	trust	de ortografía
spelling	anger	de pandilla
spelling	anticipation	de pandilla
spelling	disgust	ortografía
spelling	fear	de ortografía
spelling	joy	de ortografía
spelling	negative	de ortografía
spelling	positive	ortografía
spelling	sadness	de ortografía
spelling	surprise	de la ortografía que
spelling	trust	deletrea
cellular	anger	celular
cellular	anticipation	celular
cellular	disgust	celular
cellular	fear	celular
cellular	joy	celular
cellular	negative	celular
cellular	positive	celular
cellular	sadness	alto
cellular	surprise	de alto
cellular	trust	celular
alto	anger	celular
alto	anticipation	celular
alto	disgust	alto
alto	fear	de alto
alto	joy	de alto
alto	negative	de alto
alto	positive	alto
alto	sadness	de alto
alto	surprise	de alto
alto	trust	de alto
faith	anger	fe
faith	anticipation	de fe
faith	disgust	de fe
faith	fear	de fe
faith	joy	fe
faith	negative	de fe
faith	positive	de fe
faith	sadness	de fe
faith	surprise	fe
faith	trust	de fe que
soldering	anger	solda
soldering	anticipation	soldando
soldering	disgust	soldando
soldering	fear	soldando
soldering	joy	soldando
soldering	negative	soldando
soldering	positive	soldando
soldering	sadness	soldando
soldering	surprise	soldando
soldering	trust	soldando
muffler	anger	muffler
muffler	anticipation	muffler
muffler	disgust	muffler
muffler	fear	muffler
muffler	joy	muffler
muffler	negative	muffler
muffler	positive	muffler
muffler	sadness	muffler
muffler	surprise	muffler
muffler	trust	muffler
cab	anger	taxi
cab	anticipation	de taxi
cab	disgust	de taxi
cab	fear	de taxi
cab	joy	taxi
cab	negative	de taxi
cab	positive	de taxi
cab	sadness	de taxi
cab	surprise	taxi
cab	trust	de taxi
mislead	anger	mislead
mislead	anticipation	mislead
mislead	disgust	mislead
mislead	fear	mislead
mislead	joy	mislead
mislead	negative	mislead
mislead	positive	mislead
mislead	sadness	mislead
mislead	surprise	mislead
mislead	trust	mislead
benzene	anger	benzene
benzene	anticipation	benzene
benzene	disgust	benzene
benzene	fear	benzene
benzene	joy	benzene
benzene	negative	benzene
benzene	positive	benzene
benzene	sadness	benzene
benzene	surprise	benzene
benzene	trust	benzene
decrement	anger	decrement
decrement	anticipation	decrement
decrement	disgust	decrement
decrement	fear	decrement
decrement	joy	decrement
decrement	negative	decrement
decrement	positive	decrement
decrement	sadness	decrement
decrement	surprise	decrement
decrement	trust	decrement
vicarious	anger	vicario
vicarious	anticipation	vicario
vicarious	disgust	vicario
vicarious	fear	vicario
vicarious	joy	vicario
vicarious	negative	vicario
vicarious	positive	vicario
vicarious	sadness	vicario
vicarious	surprise	vicario
vicarious	trust	vicario
decry	anger	decry
decry	anticipation	decry
decry	disgust	decry
decry	fear	decry
decry	joy	decry
decry	negative	decry
decry	positive	decry
decry	sadness	decry
decry	surprise	decry
decry	trust	decry
gala	anger	gala
gala	anticipation	de gala
gala	disgust	de gala
gala	fear	de gala
gala	joy	gala
gala	negative	de gala
gala	positive	de gala
gala	sadness	de gala
gala	surprise	piscina
gala	trust	de piscina
pool	anger	de gala
pool	anticipation	de gala
pool	disgust	piscina
pool	fear	de piscina
pool	joy	de piscina
pool	negative	de piscina
pool	positive	piscina
pool	sadness	de piscina
pool	surprise	de piscina
pool	trust	de piscina que
boasting	anger	presume
boasting	anticipation	presumiendo
boasting	disgust	presumiendo
boasting	fear	presumiendo
boasting	joy	presumiendo
boasting	negative	presumiendo
boasting	positive	presumiendo
boasting	sadness	presumiendo
boasting	surprise	presumiendo
boasting	trust	presumiendo
tout	anger	tout
tout	anticipation	tout
tout	disgust	tout
tout	fear	tout
tout	joy	tout
tout	negative	tout
tout	positive	tout
tout	sadness	tout
tout	surprise	tout
tout	trust	tout
embolism	anger	embolia
embolism	anticipation	de embolia
embolism	disgust	de embolia
embolism	fear	de embolia
embolism	joy	embolia
embolism	negative	de embolia
embolism	positive	de embolia
embolism	sadness	de embolia
embolism	surprise	humillación
embolism	trust	de humillación
humiliation	anger	de embolia
humiliation	anticipation	de embolia
humiliation	disgust	humillación
humiliation	fear	de humillación
humiliation	joy	de humillación
humiliation	negative	de humillación
humiliation	positive	humillación
humiliation	sadness	de humillación
humiliation	surprise	de humillación
humiliation	trust	de humillación
irresistible	anger	irresistible
irresistible	anticipation	irresistible
irresistible	disgust	irresistible
irresistible	fear	irresistible
irresistible	joy	irresistible
irresistible	negative	irresistible
irresistible	positive	irresistible
irresistible	sadness	irresistible
irresistible	surprise	irresistible
irresistible	trust	irresistible
fascination	anger	fascinación
fascination	anticipation	de fascinación
fascination	disgust	de fascinación
fascination	fear	de fascinación
fascination	joy	fascinación
fascination	negative	de fascinación
fascination	positive	de fascinación
fascination	sadness	de fascinación
fascination	surprise	género
fascination	trust	de género
gender	anger	de fascinación
gender	anticipation	de fascinación
gender	disgust	género
gender	fear	de género
gender	joy	de género
gender	negative	de género
gender	positive	género
gender	sadness	de género
gender	surprise	de género
gender	trust	de género
rudiments	anger	rudiments
rudiments	anticipation	rudiments
rudiments	disgust	rudiments
rudiments	fear	rudiments
rudiments	joy	rudiments
rudiments	negative	rudiments
rudiments	positive	rudiments
rudiments	sadness	rudiments
rudiments	surprise	rudiments
rudiments	trust	rudiments
diploma	anger	diploma
diploma	anticipation	de diploma
diploma	disgust	de diploma
diploma	fear	de diploma
diploma	joy	diploma
diploma	negative	de diploma
diploma	positive	de diploma
diploma	sadness	de diploma
diploma	surprise	grifo
diploma	trust	de grifo
griffin	anger	de diploma
griffin	anticipation	de diploma
griffin	disgust	grifo
griffin	fear	de grifo
griffin	joy	de grifo
griffin	negative	de grifo
griffin	positive	grifo
griffin	sadness	de grifo
griffin	surprise	de grifo
griffin	trust	de grifo
mere	anger	mero
mere	anticipation	mero
mere	disgust	mero
mere	fear	mero
mere	joy	mero
mere	negative	mero
mere	positive	mero
mere	sadness	mero
mere	surprise	mero
mere	trust	mero
enormity	anger	enormity
enormity	anticipation	enormity
enormity	disgust	enormity
enormity	fear	enormity
enormity	joy	enormity
enormity	negative	enormity
enormity	positive	enormity
enormity	sadness	enormity
enormity	surprise	enormity
enormity	trust	enormity
potion	anger	poción
potion	anticipation	de poción
potion	disgust	de poción
potion	fear	de poción
potion	joy	poción
potion	negative	de poción
potion	positive	de poción
potion	sadness	de poción
potion	surprise	locomotora
potion	trust	de locomotora
locomotive	anger	de poción
locomotive	anticipation	de poción
locomotive	disgust	locomotora
locomotive	fear	de locomotora
locomotive	joy	de locomotora
locomotive	negative	de locomotora
locomotive	positive	locomotora
locomotive	sadness	de locomotora
locomotive	surprise	de locomotora
locomotive	trust	de locomotora
willow	anger	willow
willow	anticipation	willow
willow	disgust	willow
willow	fear	willow
willow	joy	willow
willow	negative	willow
willow	positive	willow
willow	sadness	willow
willow	surprise	willow
willow	trust	willow
fade	anger	apagarse
fade	anticipation	apagarse
fade	disgust	apagarse
fade	fear	apagarse
fade	joy	apagarse
fade	negative	apagarse
fade	positive	apagarse
fade	sadness	apagarse
fade	surprise	apagarse
fade	trust	apagarse
indecision	anger	indecision
indecision	anticipation	indecision
indecision	disgust	indecision
indecision	fear	indecision
indecision	joy	indecision
indecision	negative	indecision
indecision	positive	indecision
indecision	sadness	indecision
indecision	surprise	indecision
indecision	trust	indecision
beam	anger	viga
beam	anticipation	de viga
beam	disgust	de viga
beam	fear	de viga
beam	joy	viga
beam	negative	de viga
beam	positive	de viga
beam	sadness	de viga
beam	surprise	viga
beam	trust	de viga
perspiration	anger	perspiration
perspiration	anticipation	perspiration
perspiration	disgust	perspiration
perspiration	fear	perspiration
perspiration	joy	perspiration
perspiration	negative	perspiration
perspiration	positive	perspiration
perspiration	sadness	perspiration
perspiration	surprise	perspiration
perspiration	trust	perspiration
antagonistic	anger	antagonista
antagonistic	anticipation	antagonista
antagonistic	disgust	antagonista
antagonistic	fear	antagonista
antagonistic	joy	antagonista
antagonistic	negative	antagonista
antagonistic	positive	antagonista
antagonistic	sadness	pensión
antagonistic	surprise	de pensión
antagonistic	trust	antagonista
allowance	anger	antagonista
allowance	anticipation	antagonista
allowance	disgust	pensión
allowance	fear	de pensión
allowance	joy	de pensión
allowance	negative	de pensión
allowance	positive	pensión
allowance	sadness	de pensión
allowance	surprise	de pensión
allowance	trust	de pensión
mall	anger	centro comercial
mall	anticipation	de centro comercial
mall	disgust	de centro comercial
mall	fear	de centro comercial
mall	joy	centro comercial
mall	negative	de centro comercial
mall	positive	de centro comercial
mall	sadness	de centro comercial
mall	surprise	centro comercial
mall	trust	de centro comercial
divided	anger	dividió
divided	anticipation	dividido
divided	disgust	dividió
divided	fear	dividido
divided	joy	dividió
divided	negative	dividido
divided	positive	dividió
divided	sadness	dividido
divided	surprise	dividió
divided	trust	dividido
imp	anger	imp
imp	anticipation	imp
imp	disgust	imp
imp	fear	imp
imp	joy	imp
imp	negative	imp
imp	positive	imp
imp	sadness	imp
imp	surprise	imp
imp	trust	imp
genesis	anger	génesis
genesis	anticipation	de génesis
genesis	disgust	de génesis
genesis	fear	de génesis
genesis	joy	génesis
genesis	negative	de génesis
genesis	positive	de génesis
genesis	sadness	de génesis
genesis	surprise	génesis
genesis	trust	de génesis que
depressing	anger	deprime
depressing	anticipation	deprimiendo
depressing	disgust	deprimiendo
depressing	fear	deprimiendo
depressing	joy	deprimiendo
depressing	negative	deprimiendo
depressing	positive	deprimiendo
depressing	sadness	deprimiendo
depressing	surprise	deprimiendo
depressing	trust	deprimiendo
frustration	anger	frustración
frustration	anticipation	de frustración
frustration	disgust	de frustración
frustration	fear	de frustración
frustration	joy	frustración
frustration	negative	de frustración
frustration	positive	de frustración
frustration	sadness	de frustración
frustration	surprise	frustración
frustration	trust	de frustración
inexperienced	anger	novata
inexperienced	anticipation	novato
inexperienced	disgust	novato
inexperienced	fear	novato
inexperienced	joy	novato
inexperienced	negative	novato
inexperienced	positive	novato
inexperienced	sadness	coexistencia
inexperienced	surprise	de coexistencia
inexperienced	trust	novata
coexistence	anger	novata
coexistence	anticipation	novata
coexistence	disgust	coexistencia
coexistence	fear	de coexistencia
coexistence	joy	de coexistencia
coexistence	negative	de coexistencia
coexistence	positive	coexistencia
coexistence	sadness	de coexistencia
coexistence	surprise	de coexistencia
coexistence	trust	de coexistencia
diversion	anger	diversion
diversion	anticipation	diversion
diversion	disgust	diversion
diversion	fear	diversion
diversion	joy	diversion
diversion	negative	diversion
diversion	positive	diversion
diversion	sadness	diversion
diversion	surprise	diversion
diversion	trust	diversion
unbalanced	anger	desequilibrado
unbalanced	anticipation	desequilibrado
unbalanced	disgust	desequilibrado
unbalanced	fear	desequilibrado
unbalanced	joy	desequilibrado
unbalanced	negative	desequilibrado
unbalanced	positive	desequilibrado
unbalanced	sadness	desequilibrado
unbalanced	surprise	desequilibrado
unbalanced	trust	desequilibrado
abortive	anger	malogrado
abortive	anticipation	malogrado
abortive	disgust	malogrado
abortive	fear	malogrado
abortive	joy	malogrado
abortive	negative	malogrado
abortive	positive	malogrado
abortive	sadness	seguro
abortive	surprise	de seguro
abortive	trust	malogrado
insurance	anger	malogrado
insurance	anticipation	malogrado
insurance	disgust	seguro
insurance	fear	de seguro
insurance	joy	de seguro
insurance	negative	de seguro
insurance	positive	seguro
insurance	sadness	de seguro
insurance	surprise	de seguro
insurance	trust	de seguro
subjective	anger	subjetivo
subjective	anticipation	subjetivo
subjective	disgust	subjetivo
subjective	fear	subjetivo
subjective	joy	subjetivo
subjective	negative	subjetivo
subjective	positive	subjetivo
subjective	sadness	subjetivo
subjective	surprise	subjetivo
subjective	trust	subjetivo
forefinger	anger	forefinger
forefinger	anticipation	forefinger
forefinger	disgust	forefinger
forefinger	fear	forefinger
forefinger	joy	forefinger
forefinger	negative	forefinger
forefinger	positive	forefinger
forefinger	sadness	forefinger
forefinger	surprise	forefinger
forefinger	trust	forefinger
fabricate	anger	fabricate
fabricate	anticipation	fabricate
fabricate	disgust	fabricate
fabricate	fear	fabricate
fabricate	joy	fabricate
fabricate	negative	fabricate
fabricate	positive	fabricate
fabricate	sadness	fabricate
fabricate	surprise	fabricate
fabricate	trust	fabricate
scallop	anger	scallop
scallop	anticipation	scallop
scallop	disgust	scallop
scallop	fear	scallop
scallop	joy	scallop
scallop	negative	scallop
scallop	positive	scallop
scallop	sadness	scallop
scallop	surprise	scallop
scallop	trust	scallop
counteract	anger	counteract
counteract	anticipation	counteract
counteract	disgust	counteract
counteract	fear	counteract
counteract	joy	counteract
counteract	negative	counteract
counteract	positive	counteract
counteract	sadness	counteract
counteract	surprise	counteract
counteract	trust	counteract
irreconcilable	anger	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	anticipation	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	disgust	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	fear	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	joy	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	negative	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	positive	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	sadness	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	surprise	irreconcilable
irreconcilable	trust	irreconcilable
ultimo	anger	ultimo
ultimo	anticipation	ultimo
ultimo	disgust	ultimo
ultimo	fear	ultimo
ultimo	joy	ultimo
ultimo	negative	ultimo
ultimo	positive	ultimo
ultimo	sadness	ultimo
ultimo	surprise	ultimo
ultimo	trust	ultimo
screwed	anger	screwed
screwed	anticipation	screwed
screwed	disgust	screwed
screwed	fear	screwed
screwed	joy	screwed
screwed	negative	screwed
screwed	positive	screwed
screwed	sadness	screwed
screwed	surprise	screwed
screwed	trust	screwed
weakness	anger	debilidad
weakness	anticipation	de debilidad
weakness	disgust	de debilidad
weakness	fear	de debilidad
weakness	joy	debilidad
weakness	negative	de debilidad
weakness	positive	de debilidad
weakness	sadness	de debilidad
weakness	surprise	debilidad
weakness	trust	de debilidad
situate	anger	sitúa
situate	anticipation	situar
situate	disgust	situar
situate	fear	situar
situate	joy	situar
situate	negative	situar
situate	positive	situar
situate	sadness	situar
situate	surprise	situar
situate	trust	situar
workman	anger	workman
workman	anticipation	workman
workman	disgust	workman
workman	fear	workman
workman	joy	workman
workman	negative	workman
workman	positive	workman
workman	sadness	workman
workman	surprise	workman
workman	trust	workman
fixation	anger	fijación
fixation	anticipation	de fijación
fixation	disgust	de fijación
fixation	fear	de fijación
fixation	joy	fijación
fixation	negative	de fijación
fixation	positive	de fijación
fixation	sadness	de fijación
fixation	surprise	fijación
fixation	trust	de fijación
world	anger	mundial
world	anticipation	mundial
world	disgust	mundial
world	fear	mundial
world	joy	mundial
world	negative	mundial
world	positive	mundo
world	sadness	mundial
world	surprise	mundial
world	trust	mundial
roam	anger	vaga
roam	anticipation	vagar
roam	disgust	vagar
roam	fear	vagar
roam	joy	vagar
roam	negative	vagar
roam	positive	vagar
roam	sadness	vagar
roam	surprise	vagar
roam	trust	vagar
poppy	anger	amapola
poppy	anticipation	de amapola
poppy	disgust	de amapola
poppy	fear	de amapola
poppy	joy	amapola
poppy	negative	de amapola
poppy	positive	de amapola
poppy	sadness	de amapola
poppy	surprise	fanatismo
poppy	trust	de fanatismo
fanaticism	anger	de amapola
fanaticism	anticipation	de amapola
fanaticism	disgust	fanatismo
fanaticism	fear	de fanatismo
fanaticism	joy	de fanatismo
fanaticism	negative	de fanatismo
fanaticism	positive	fanatismo
fanaticism	sadness	de fanatismo
fanaticism	surprise	de fanatismo
fanaticism	trust	de fanatismo
flux	anger	flux
flux	anticipation	flux
flux	disgust	flux
flux	fear	flux
flux	joy	flux
flux	negative	flux
flux	positive	flux
flux	sadness	flux
flux	surprise	flux
flux	trust	flux
frustrate	anger	frustrar
frustrate	anticipation	frustrar
frustrate	disgust	frustrar
frustrate	fear	frustrar
frustrate	joy	frustrar
frustrate	negative	frustrar
frustrate	positive	frustrar
frustrate	sadness	frustrar
frustrate	surprise	frustrar
frustrate	trust	frustrar
streaming	anger	streaming
streaming	anticipation	streaming
streaming	disgust	streaming
streaming	fear	streaming
streaming	joy	streaming
streaming	negative	streaming
streaming	positive	streaming
streaming	sadness	streaming
streaming	surprise	streaming
streaming	trust	streaming
sterile	anger	sterile
sterile	anticipation	sterile
sterile	disgust	sterile
sterile	fear	sterile
sterile	joy	sterile
sterile	negative	sterile
sterile	positive	sterile
sterile	sadness	sterile
sterile	surprise	sterile
sterile	trust	sterile
slag	anger	escoria
slag	anticipation	de escoria
slag	disgust	de escoria
slag	fear	de escoria
slag	joy	escoria
slag	negative	de escoria
slag	positive	de escoria
slag	sadness	de escoria
slag	surprise	escoria
slag	trust	de escoria
greatest	anger	más grande
greatest	anticipation	más grande
greatest	disgust	más grande
greatest	fear	más grande
greatest	joy	más grande
greatest	negative	más grande
greatest	positive	más grande
greatest	sadness	falda
greatest	surprise	de falda
greatest	trust	más grande
skirt	anger	más grande
skirt	anticipation	más grande
skirt	disgust	falda
skirt	fear	de falda
skirt	joy	de falda
skirt	negative	de falda
skirt	positive	falda
skirt	sadness	de falda
skirt	surprise	de falda
skirt	trust	de falda
early	anger	temprano
early	anticipation	temprano
early	disgust	temprano
early	fear	temprano
early	joy	temprano
early	negative	temprano
early	positive	temprano
early	sadness	temprano
early	surprise	temprano
early	trust	meteorólogo
forecaster	anger	de meteorólogo
forecaster	anticipation	de meteorólogo
forecaster	disgust	temprano
forecaster	fear	meteorólogo
forecaster	joy	de meteorólogo
forecaster	negative	de meteorólogo
forecaster	positive	de meteorólogo
forecaster	sadness	meteorólogo
forecaster	surprise	de meteorólogo
forecaster	trust	del meteorólogo
customary	anger	consuetudinario
customary	anticipation	consuetudinario
customary	disgust	consuetudinario
customary	fear	consuetudinario
customary	joy	consuetudinario
customary	negative	consuetudinario
customary	positive	consuetudinario
customary	sadness	conde
customary	surprise	de conde
customary	trust	consuetudinario
earl	anger	consuetudinario
earl	anticipation	consuetudinario
earl	disgust	conde
earl	fear	de conde
earl	joy	de conde
earl	negative	de conde
earl	positive	conde
earl	sadness	de conde
earl	surprise	de conde
earl	trust	de conde
scholarly	anger	erudito
scholarly	anticipation	erudito
scholarly	disgust	erudito
scholarly	fear	erudito
scholarly	joy	erudito
scholarly	negative	erudito
scholarly	positive	erudito
scholarly	sadness	comercio
scholarly	surprise	de comercio
scholarly	trust	erudito
trade	anger	erudito
trade	anticipation	erudito
trade	disgust	comercio
trade	fear	de comercio
trade	joy	de comercio
trade	negative	de comercio
trade	positive	comercio
trade	sadness	de comercio
trade	surprise	de comercio
trade	trust	de comercio
breach	anger	ruptura
breach	anticipation	de ruptura
breach	disgust	de ruptura
breach	fear	de ruptura
breach	joy	ruptura
breach	negative	de ruptura
breach	positive	de ruptura
breach	sadness	de ruptura
breach	surprise	ruptura
breach	trust	de ruptura
latch	anger	latch
latch	anticipation	latch
latch	disgust	latch
latch	fear	latch
latch	joy	latch
latch	negative	latch
latch	positive	latch
latch	sadness	latch
latch	surprise	latch
latch	trust	latch
fob	anger	fob
fob	anticipation	fob
fob	disgust	fob
fob	fear	fob
fob	joy	fob
fob	negative	fob
fob	positive	fob
fob	sadness	fob
fob	surprise	fob
fob	trust	fob
panache	anger	panache
panache	anticipation	panache
panache	disgust	panache
panache	fear	panache
panache	joy	panache
panache	negative	panache
panache	positive	panache
panache	sadness	panache
panache	surprise	panache
panache	trust	panache
cholera	anger	cólera
cholera	anticipation	de cólera
cholera	disgust	de cólera
cholera	fear	de cólera
cholera	joy	cólera
cholera	negative	de cólera
cholera	positive	de cólera
cholera	sadness	de cólera
cholera	surprise	cólera
cholera	trust	de cólera
gooey	anger	gooey
gooey	anticipation	gooey
gooey	disgust	gooey
gooey	fear	gooey
gooey	joy	gooey
gooey	negative	gooey
gooey	positive	gooey
gooey	sadness	gooey
gooey	surprise	gooey
gooey	trust	gooey
calligraphy	anger	caligrafía
calligraphy	anticipation	de caligrafía
calligraphy	disgust	de caligrafía
calligraphy	fear	de caligrafía
calligraphy	joy	caligrafía
calligraphy	negative	de caligrafía
calligraphy	positive	de caligrafía
calligraphy	sadness	de caligrafía
calligraphy	surprise	prisa
calligraphy	trust	de prisa
hurry	anger	de caligrafía
hurry	anticipation	de caligrafía
hurry	disgust	prisa
hurry	fear	de prisa
hurry	joy	de prisa
hurry	negative	de prisa
hurry	positive	prisa
hurry	sadness	de prisa
hurry	surprise	de prisa
hurry	trust	de prisa
posse	anger	posse
posse	anticipation	posse
posse	disgust	posse
posse	fear	posse
posse	joy	posse
posse	negative	posse
posse	positive	posse
posse	sadness	posse
posse	surprise	posse
posse	trust	posse
road	anger	carretera
road	anticipation	de carretera
road	disgust	de carretera
road	fear	de carretera
road	joy	carretera
road	negative	de carretera
road	positive	de carretera
road	sadness	de carretera
road	surprise	aire
road	trust	de aire
air	anger	de carretera
air	anticipation	de carretera
air	disgust	aire
air	fear	de aire
air	joy	de aire
air	negative	de aire
air	positive	aire
air	sadness	de aire
air	surprise	de aire
air	trust	de aire
extrajudicial	anger	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	anticipation	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	disgust	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	fear	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	joy	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	negative	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	positive	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	sadness	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	surprise	extrajudicial
extrajudicial	trust	extrajudicial
whimper	anger	whimper
whimper	anticipation	whimper
whimper	disgust	whimper
whimper	fear	whimper
whimper	joy	whimper
whimper	negative	whimper
whimper	positive	whimper
whimper	sadness	whimper
whimper	surprise	whimper
whimper	trust	whimper
translocation	anger	translocación
translocation	anticipation	de translocación
translocation	disgust	de translocación
translocation	fear	de translocación
translocation	joy	translocación
translocation	negative	de translocación
translocation	positive	de translocación
translocation	sadness	de translocación
translocation	surprise	translocación
translocation	trust	de translocación
mannered	anger	mannered
mannered	anticipation	mannered
mannered	disgust	mannered
mannered	fear	mannered
mannered	joy	mannered
mannered	negative	mannered
mannered	positive	mannered
mannered	sadness	mannered
mannered	surprise	mannered
mannered	trust	mannered
rough	anger	áspero
rough	anticipation	áspero
rough	disgust	áspero
rough	fear	áspero
rough	joy	áspero
rough	negative	áspero
rough	positive	áspero
rough	sadness	áspero
rough	surprise	áspero
rough	trust	áspero
humane	anger	humane
humane	anticipation	humane
humane	disgust	humane
humane	fear	humane
humane	joy	humane
humane	negative	humane
humane	positive	humane
humane	sadness	humane
humane	surprise	humane
humane	trust	humane
meadow	anger	prado
meadow	anticipation	de prado
meadow	disgust	de prado
meadow	fear	de prado
meadow	joy	prado
meadow	negative	de prado
meadow	positive	de prado
meadow	sadness	de prado
meadow	surprise	prado
meadow	trust	de prado
brackish	anger	salobre
brackish	anticipation	salobre
brackish	disgust	salobre
brackish	fear	salobre
brackish	joy	salobre
brackish	negative	salobre
brackish	positive	salobre
brackish	sadness	adicción
brackish	surprise	de adicción
brackish	trust	salobre
addiction	anger	salobre
addiction	anticipation	salobre
addiction	disgust	adicción
addiction	fear	de adicción
addiction	joy	de adicción
addiction	negative	de adicción
addiction	positive	adicción
addiction	sadness	de adicción
addiction	surprise	de adicción
addiction	trust	de adicción
artful	anger	artful
artful	anticipation	artful
artful	disgust	artful
artful	fear	artful
artful	joy	artful
artful	negative	artful
artful	positive	artful
artful	sadness	artful
artful	surprise	artful
artful	trust	artful
hose	anger	manguera
hose	anticipation	de manguera
hose	disgust	de manguera
hose	fear	de manguera
hose	joy	manguera
hose	negative	de manguera
hose	positive	de manguera
hose	sadness	de manguera
hose	surprise	periodista
hose	trust	de periodista
journalist	anger	de manguera
journalist	anticipation	de manguera
journalist	disgust	periodista
journalist	fear	de periodista
journalist	joy	de periodista
journalist	negative	de periodista
journalist	positive	periodista
journalist	sadness	de periodista
journalist	surprise	de periodista
journalist	trust	de periodista
rook	anger	torre
rook	anticipation	de torre
rook	disgust	de torre
rook	fear	de torre
rook	joy	torre
rook	negative	de torre
rook	positive	de torre
rook	sadness	de torre
rook	surprise	torre
rook	trust	de torre
respectable	anger	respetable
respectable	anticipation	respetable
respectable	disgust	respetable
respectable	fear	respetable
respectable	joy	respetable
respectable	negative	respetable
respectable	positive	respetable
respectable	sadness	respetable
respectable	surprise	respetable
respectable	trust	respetable
perforation	anger	perforation
perforation	anticipation	perforation
perforation	disgust	perforation
perforation	fear	perforation
perforation	joy	perforation
perforation	negative	perforation
perforation	positive	perforation
perforation	sadness	perforation
perforation	surprise	perforation
perforation	trust	perforation
plague	anger	peste
plague	anticipation	de peste
plague	disgust	de peste
plague	fear	de peste
plague	joy	peste
plague	negative	de peste
plague	positive	de peste
plague	sadness	de peste
plague	surprise	pinchazo
plague	trust	de pinchazo
prick	anger	de peste
prick	anticipation	de peste
prick	disgust	pinchazo
prick	fear	de pinchazo
prick	joy	de pinchazo
prick	negative	de pinchazo
prick	positive	pinchazo
prick	sadness	de pinchazo
prick	surprise	de pinchazo
prick	trust	de pinchazo
divest	anger	divest
divest	anticipation	divest
divest	disgust	divest
divest	fear	divest
divest	joy	divest
divest	negative	divest
divest	positive	divest
divest	sadness	divest
divest	surprise	divest
divest	trust	divest
plover	anger	plover
plover	anticipation	plover
plover	disgust	plover
plover	fear	plover
plover	joy	plover
plover	negative	plover
plover	positive	plover
plover	sadness	plover
plover	surprise	plover
plover	trust	plover
talkative	anger	talkative
talkative	anticipation	talkative
talkative	disgust	talkative
talkative	fear	talkative
talkative	joy	talkative
talkative	negative	talkative
talkative	positive	talkative
talkative	sadness	talkative
talkative	surprise	talkative
talkative	trust	talkative
syndicate	anger	syndicate
syndicate	anticipation	syndicate
syndicate	disgust	syndicate
syndicate	fear	syndicate
syndicate	joy	syndicate
syndicate	negative	syndicate
syndicate	positive	syndicate
syndicate	sadness	syndicate
syndicate	surprise	syndicate
syndicate	trust	syndicate
supplement	anger	suplemento
supplement	anticipation	de suplemento
supplement	disgust	de suplemento
supplement	fear	de suplemento
supplement	joy	suplemento
supplement	negative	de suplemento
supplement	positive	de suplemento
supplement	sadness	de suplemento
supplement	surprise	filogenia
supplement	trust	de filogenia
phylogeny	anger	de suplemento
phylogeny	anticipation	de suplemento
phylogeny	disgust	filogenia
phylogeny	fear	de filogenia
phylogeny	joy	de filogenia
phylogeny	negative	de filogenia
phylogeny	positive	filogenia
phylogeny	sadness	de filogenia
phylogeny	surprise	de filogenia
phylogeny	trust	de filogenia
chateau	anger	chateau
chateau	anticipation	chateau
chateau	disgust	chateau
chateau	fear	chateau
chateau	joy	chateau
chateau	negative	chateau
chateau	positive	chateau
chateau	sadness	chateau
chateau	surprise	chateau
chateau	trust	chateau
gaze	anger	mirada
gaze	anticipation	de mirada
gaze	disgust	de mirada
gaze	fear	de mirada
gaze	joy	mirada
gaze	negative	de mirada
gaze	positive	de mirada
gaze	sadness	de mirada
gaze	surprise	mirada
gaze	trust	de mirada
classics	anger	classics
classics	anticipation	classics
classics	disgust	classics
classics	fear	classics
classics	joy	classics
classics	negative	classics
classics	positive	classics
classics	sadness	classics
classics	surprise	classics
classics	trust	classics
throng	anger	throng
throng	anticipation	throng
throng	disgust	throng
throng	fear	throng
throng	joy	throng
throng	negative	throng
throng	positive	throng
throng	sadness	throng
throng	surprise	throng
throng	trust	throng
hint	anger	pista
hint	anticipation	de pista
hint	disgust	de pista
hint	fear	de pista
hint	joy	pista
hint	negative	de pista
hint	positive	de pista
hint	sadness	de pista
hint	surprise	pista
hint	trust	de pista
practiced	anger	practicó
practiced	anticipation	practicada
practiced	disgust	practicó
practiced	fear	practicado
practiced	joy	practicó
practiced	negative	practicado
practiced	positive	practicó
practiced	sadness	practicado
practiced	surprise	practicó
practiced	trust	practicado
irreparable	anger	irreparable
irreparable	anticipation	irreparable
irreparable	disgust	irreparable
irreparable	fear	irreparable
irreparable	joy	irreparable
irreparable	negative	irreparable
irreparable	positive	irreparable
irreparable	sadness	irreparable
irreparable	surprise	irreparable
irreparable	trust	irreparable
swastika	anger	swastika
swastika	anticipation	swastika
swastika	disgust	swastika
swastika	fear	swastika
swastika	joy	swastika
swastika	negative	swastika
swastika	positive	swastika
swastika	sadness	swastika
swastika	surprise	swastika
swastika	trust	swastika
autonomy	anger	autonomía
autonomy	anticipation	de autonomía
autonomy	disgust	de autonomía
autonomy	fear	de autonomía
autonomy	joy	autonomía
autonomy	negative	de autonomía
autonomy	positive	de autonomía
autonomy	sadness	de autonomía
autonomy	surprise	precisión
autonomy	trust	de precisión
precision	anger	de autonomía
precision	anticipation	de autonomía
precision	disgust	precisión
precision	fear	de precisión
precision	joy	de precisión
precision	negative	de precisión
precision	positive	precisión
precision	sadness	de precisión
precision	surprise	de precisión
precision	trust	de precisión
amnesia	anger	amnesia
amnesia	anticipation	de amnesia
amnesia	disgust	de amnesia
amnesia	fear	de amnesia
amnesia	joy	amnesia
amnesia	negative	de amnesia
amnesia	positive	de amnesia
amnesia	sadness	de amnesia
amnesia	surprise	recibo
amnesia	trust	de recibo
receipt	anger	de amnesia
receipt	anticipation	de amnesia
receipt	disgust	recibo
receipt	fear	de recibo
receipt	joy	de recibo
receipt	negative	de recibo
receipt	positive	recibo
receipt	sadness	de recibo
receipt	surprise	de recibo
receipt	trust	de recibo
baggage	anger	equipaje
baggage	anticipation	de equipaje
baggage	disgust	de equipaje
baggage	fear	de equipaje
baggage	joy	equipaje
baggage	negative	de equipaje
baggage	positive	de equipaje
baggage	sadness	de equipaje
baggage	surprise	equilibrio
baggage	trust	de equilibrio
equilibrium	anger	de equipaje
equilibrium	anticipation	de equipaje
equilibrium	disgust	equilibrio
equilibrium	fear	de equilibrio
equilibrium	joy	de equilibrio
equilibrium	negative	de equilibrio
equilibrium	positive	equilibrio
equilibrium	sadness	de equilibrio
equilibrium	surprise	de equilibrio
equilibrium	trust	de equilibrio
spiky	anger	puntiagudo
spiky	anticipation	puntiagudo
spiky	disgust	puntiagudo
spiky	fear	puntiagudo
spiky	joy	puntiagudo
spiky	negative	puntiagudo
spiky	positive	puntiagudo
spiky	sadness	puntiagudo
spiky	surprise	puntiagudo
spiky	trust	puntiagudo
patriarchal	anger	patriarchal
patriarchal	anticipation	patriarchal
patriarchal	disgust	patriarchal
patriarchal	fear	patriarchal
patriarchal	joy	patriarchal
patriarchal	negative	patriarchal
patriarchal	positive	patriarchal
patriarchal	sadness	patriarchal
patriarchal	surprise	patriarchal
patriarchal	trust	patriarchal
molding	anger	molding
molding	anticipation	molding
molding	disgust	molding
molding	fear	molding
molding	joy	molding
molding	negative	molding
molding	positive	molding
molding	sadness	molding
molding	surprise	molding
molding	trust	molding
seed	anger	semilla
seed	anticipation	de semilla
seed	disgust	de semilla
seed	fear	de semilla
seed	joy	semilla
seed	negative	de semilla
seed	positive	de semilla
seed	sadness	de semilla
seed	surprise	semilla
seed	trust	de semilla
contemplate	anger	contempla
contemplate	anticipation	contemplar
contemplate	disgust	contemplar
contemplate	fear	contemplar
contemplate	joy	contemplar
contemplate	negative	contemplar
contemplate	positive	contemplar
contemplate	sadness	contemplar
contemplate	surprise	contemplar
contemplate	trust	contemplar
gibberish	anger	gibberish
gibberish	anticipation	gibberish
gibberish	disgust	gibberish
gibberish	fear	gibberish
gibberish	joy	gibberish
gibberish	negative	gibberish
gibberish	positive	gibberish
gibberish	sadness	gibberish
gibberish	surprise	gibberish
gibberish	trust	gibberish
annexation	anger	anexión
annexation	anticipation	de anexión
annexation	disgust	de anexión
annexation	fear	de anexión
annexation	joy	anexión
annexation	negative	de anexión
annexation	positive	de anexión
annexation	sadness	de anexión
annexation	surprise	anexión
annexation	trust	de anexión
jammed	anger	jammed
jammed	anticipation	jammed
jammed	disgust	jammed
jammed	fear	jammed
jammed	joy	jammed
jammed	negative	jammed
jammed	positive	jammed
jammed	sadness	jammed
jammed	surprise	jammed
jammed	trust	jammed
possessed	anger	poseyó
possessed	anticipation	poseído
possessed	disgust	poseyó
possessed	fear	poseído
possessed	joy	poseyó
possessed	negative	poseído
possessed	positive	poseyó
possessed	sadness	poseído
possessed	surprise	poseyó
possessed	trust	poseído
overcoat	anger	overcoat
overcoat	anticipation	overcoat
overcoat	disgust	overcoat
overcoat	fear	overcoat
overcoat	joy	overcoat
overcoat	negative	overcoat
overcoat	positive	overcoat
overcoat	sadness	overcoat
overcoat	surprise	overcoat
overcoat	trust	overcoat
makeup	anger	maquillaje
makeup	anticipation	de maquillaje
makeup	disgust	de maquillaje
makeup	fear	de maquillaje
makeup	joy	maquillaje
makeup	negative	de maquillaje
makeup	positive	de maquillaje
makeup	sadness	de maquillaje
makeup	surprise	maquillaje
makeup	trust	de maquillaje
determinable	anger	determinable
determinable	anticipation	determinable
determinable	disgust	determinable
determinable	fear	determinable
determinable	joy	determinable
determinable	negative	determinable
determinable	positive	determinable
determinable	sadness	determinable
determinable	surprise	determinable
determinable	trust	determinable
footbridge	anger	footbridge
footbridge	anticipation	footbridge
footbridge	disgust	footbridge
footbridge	fear	footbridge
footbridge	joy	footbridge
footbridge	negative	footbridge
footbridge	positive	footbridge
footbridge	sadness	footbridge
footbridge	surprise	footbridge
footbridge	trust	footbridge
hourly	anger	hourly
hourly	anticipation	hourly
hourly	disgust	hourly
hourly	fear	hourly
hourly	joy	hourly
hourly	negative	hourly
hourly	positive	hourly
hourly	sadness	hourly
hourly	surprise	hourly
hourly	trust	hourly
persuasive	anger	persuasive
persuasive	anticipation	persuasive
persuasive	disgust	persuasive
persuasive	fear	persuasive
persuasive	joy	persuasive
persuasive	negative	persuasive
persuasive	positive	persuasive
persuasive	sadness	persuasive
persuasive	surprise	persuasive
persuasive	trust	persuasive
mythic	anger	mythic
mythic	anticipation	mythic
mythic	disgust	mythic
mythic	fear	mythic
mythic	joy	mythic
mythic	negative	mythic
mythic	positive	mythic
mythic	sadness	mythic
mythic	surprise	mythic
mythic	trust	mythic
expropriation	anger	expropiación
expropriation	anticipation	de expropiación
expropriation	disgust	de expropiación
expropriation	fear	de expropiación
expropriation	joy	expropiación
expropriation	negative	de expropiación
expropriation	positive	de expropiación
expropriation	sadness	de expropiación
expropriation	surprise	expropiación
expropriation	trust	de expropiación
yam	anger	yam
yam	anticipation	yam
yam	disgust	yam
yam	fear	yam
yam	joy	yam
yam	negative	yam
yam	positive	yam
yam	sadness	yam
yam	surprise	yam
yam	trust	yam
bomber	anger	bombardero
bomber	anticipation	bombardero
bomber	disgust	bombardero
bomber	fear	bombardero
bomber	joy	bombardero
bomber	negative	bombardero
bomber	positive	bombardero
bomber	sadness	bombardero
bomber	surprise	bombardero
bomber	trust	bombardero
continental	anger	continental
continental	anticipation	continental
continental	disgust	continental
continental	fear	continental
continental	joy	continental
continental	negative	continental
continental	positive	continental
continental	sadness	continental
continental	surprise	continental
continental	trust	continental
machinist	anger	machinist
machinist	anticipation	machinist
machinist	disgust	machinist
machinist	fear	machinist
machinist	joy	machinist
machinist	negative	machinist
machinist	positive	machinist
machinist	sadness	machinist
machinist	surprise	machinist
machinist	trust	machinist
wilted	anger	wilted
wilted	anticipation	wilted
wilted	disgust	wilted
wilted	fear	wilted
wilted	joy	wilted
wilted	negative	wilted
wilted	positive	wilted
wilted	sadness	wilted
wilted	surprise	wilted
wilted	trust	wilted
dignified	anger	dignificó
dignified	anticipation	dignificado
dignified	disgust	dignificó
dignified	fear	dignificado
dignified	joy	dignificó
dignified	negative	dignificado
dignified	positive	dignificó
dignified	sadness	dignificado
dignified	surprise	dignificó
dignified	trust	dignificado
automatic	anger	automático
automatic	anticipation	automático
automatic	disgust	automático
automatic	fear	automático
automatic	joy	automático
automatic	negative	automático
automatic	positive	automático
automatic	sadness	molino
automatic	surprise	de molino
automatic	trust	automático
mill	anger	automático
mill	anticipation	automático
mill	disgust	molino
mill	fear	de molino
mill	joy	de molino
mill	negative	de molino
mill	positive	molino
mill	sadness	de molino
mill	surprise	de molino
mill	trust	de molino que
embarrassing	anger	avergüenza
embarrassing	anticipation	embarazoso
embarrassing	disgust	embarazoso
embarrassing	fear	embarazoso
embarrassing	joy	embarazoso
embarrassing	negative	embarazoso
embarrassing	positive	embarazoso
embarrassing	sadness	harina
embarrassing	surprise	de harina
embarrassing	trust	embarazosa
flour	anger	embarazosa
flour	anticipation	embarazosa
flour	disgust	harina
flour	fear	de harina
flour	joy	de harina
flour	negative	de harina
flour	positive	harina
flour	sadness	de harina
flour	surprise	de harina
flour	trust	de harina
expire	anger	expira
expire	anticipation	expirar
expire	disgust	expirar
expire	fear	expirar
expire	joy	expirar
expire	negative	expirar
expire	positive	expirar
expire	sadness	expirar
expire	surprise	expirar
expire	trust	expirar
obsession	anger	obsesión
obsession	anticipation	de obsesión
obsession	disgust	de obsesión
obsession	fear	de obsesión
obsession	joy	obsesión
obsession	negative	de obsesión
obsession	positive	de obsesión
obsession	sadness	de obsesión
obsession	surprise	obsesión
obsession	trust	de obsesión
elucidate	anger	dilucida
elucidate	anticipation	dilucidar
elucidate	disgust	dilucidar
elucidate	fear	dilucidar
elucidate	joy	dilucidar
elucidate	negative	dilucidar
elucidate	positive	dilucidar
elucidate	sadness	dilucidar
elucidate	surprise	dilucidar
elucidate	trust	dilucidar
lexicon	anger	léxico
lexicon	anticipation	de léxico
lexicon	disgust	de léxico
lexicon	fear	de léxico
lexicon	joy	léxico
lexicon	negative	de léxico
lexicon	positive	de léxico
lexicon	sadness	de léxico
lexicon	surprise	léxico
lexicon	trust	de léxico
bony	anger	bony
bony	anticipation	bony
bony	disgust	bony
bony	fear	bony
bony	joy	bony
bony	negative	bony
bony	positive	bony
bony	sadness	bony
bony	surprise	bony
bony	trust	bony
battalion	anger	battalion
battalion	anticipation	battalion
battalion	disgust	battalion
battalion	fear	battalion
battalion	joy	battalion
battalion	negative	battalion
battalion	positive	battalion
battalion	sadness	battalion
battalion	surprise	battalion
battalion	trust	battalion
municipality	anger	municipio
municipality	anticipation	de municipio
municipality	disgust	de municipio
municipality	fear	de municipio
municipality	joy	municipio
municipality	negative	de municipio
municipality	positive	de municipio
municipality	sadness	de municipio
municipality	surprise	copyright
municipality	trust	de copyright
copyright	anger	de municipio
copyright	anticipation	de municipio
copyright	disgust	copyright
copyright	fear	de copyright
copyright	joy	de copyright
copyright	negative	de copyright
copyright	positive	copyright
copyright	sadness	de copyright
copyright	surprise	de copyright
copyright	trust	de copyright
acoustics	anger	acústica
acoustics	anticipation	de acústica
acoustics	disgust	de acústica
acoustics	fear	de acústica
acoustics	joy	acústica
acoustics	negative	de acústica
acoustics	positive	de acústica
acoustics	sadness	de acústica
acoustics	surprise	pelusa
acoustics	trust	de pelusa
lint	anger	de acústica
lint	anticipation	de acústica
lint	disgust	pelusa
lint	fear	de pelusa
lint	joy	de pelusa
lint	negative	de pelusa
lint	positive	pelusa
lint	sadness	de pelusa
lint	surprise	de pelusa
lint	trust	de pelusa
cashier	anger	cajero
cashier	anticipation	de cajero
cashier	disgust	de cajero
cashier	fear	de cajero
cashier	joy	cajero
cashier	negative	de cajero
cashier	positive	de cajero
cashier	sadness	de cajero
cashier	surprise	cajero
cashier	trust	de cajero que
imagining	anger	imagina
imagining	anticipation	imaginando
imagining	disgust	imaginando
imagining	fear	imaginando
imagining	joy	imaginando
imagining	negative	imaginando
imagining	positive	imaginando
imagining	sadness	imaginando
imagining	surprise	imaginando
imagining	trust	imaginando
possibly	anger	posiblemente
possibly	anticipation	posiblemente
possibly	disgust	posiblemente
possibly	fear	posiblemente
possibly	joy	posiblemente
possibly	negative	posiblemente
possibly	positive	posiblemente
possibly	sadness	posiblemente
possibly	surprise	posiblemente
possibly	trust	posiblemente
germinate	anger	germinar
germinate	anticipation	germinar
germinate	disgust	germinar
germinate	fear	germinar
germinate	joy	germinar
germinate	negative	germinar
germinate	positive	germinar
germinate	sadness	germinar
germinate	surprise	germinar
germinate	trust	germinar
jab	anger	pinchazo
jab	anticipation	de pinchazo
jab	disgust	de pinchazo
jab	fear	de pinchazo
jab	joy	pinchazo
jab	negative	de pinchazo
jab	positive	de pinchazo
jab	sadness	de pinchazo
jab	surprise	pacto
jab	trust	de pacto
pact	anger	de pinchazo
pact	anticipation	de pinchazo
pact	disgust	pacto
pact	fear	de pacto
pact	joy	de pacto
pact	negative	de pacto
pact	positive	pacto
pact	sadness	de pacto
pact	surprise	de pacto
pact	trust	de pacto
funeral	anger	funeral
funeral	anticipation	de funeral
funeral	disgust	de funeral
funeral	fear	de funeral
funeral	joy	funeral
funeral	negative	de funeral
funeral	positive	de funeral
funeral	sadness	de funeral
funeral	surprise	pértiga
funeral	trust	de pértiga
perch	anger	de funeral
perch	anticipation	de funeral
perch	disgust	pértiga
perch	fear	de pértiga
perch	joy	de pértiga
perch	negative	de pértiga
perch	positive	pértiga
perch	sadness	de pértiga
perch	surprise	de pértiga
perch	trust	de pértiga
errand	anger	errand
errand	anticipation	errand
errand	disgust	errand
errand	fear	errand
errand	joy	errand
errand	negative	errand
errand	positive	errand
errand	sadness	errand
errand	surprise	errand
errand	trust	errand
armaments	anger	armamentos
armaments	anticipation	de armamentos
armaments	disgust	de armamentos
armaments	fear	de armamentos
armaments	joy	armamentos
armaments	negative	de armamentos
armaments	positive	de armamentos
armaments	sadness	de armamentos
armaments	surprise	armamentos
armaments	trust	de armamentos
menstrual	anger	menstrual
menstrual	anticipation	menstrual
menstrual	disgust	menstrual
menstrual	fear	menstrual
menstrual	joy	menstrual
menstrual	negative	menstrual
menstrual	positive	menstrual
menstrual	sadness	menstrual
menstrual	surprise	menstrual
menstrual	trust	menstrual
copper	anger	cobrizos
copper	anticipation	cobrizos
copper	disgust	cobrizos
copper	fear	cobrizos
copper	joy	cobrizos
copper	negative	cobrizos
copper	positive	cobrizos
copper	sadness	cobrizos
copper	surprise	cobrizos
copper	trust	cobrizos
ascendancy	anger	ascendancy
ascendancy	anticipation	ascendancy
ascendancy	disgust	ascendancy
ascendancy	fear	ascendancy
ascendancy	joy	ascendancy
ascendancy	negative	ascendancy
ascendancy	positive	ascendancy
ascendancy	sadness	ascendancy
ascendancy	surprise	ascendancy
ascendancy	trust	ascendancy
cod	anger	bacalao
cod	anticipation	de bacalao
cod	disgust	de bacalao
cod	fear	de bacalao
cod	joy	bacalao
cod	negative	de bacalao
cod	positive	de bacalao
cod	sadness	de bacalao
cod	surprise	convección
cod	trust	de convección
convection	anger	de bacalao
convection	anticipation	de bacalao
convection	disgust	convección
convection	fear	de convección
convection	joy	de convección
convection	negative	de convección
convection	positive	convección
convection	sadness	de convección
convection	surprise	de convección
convection	trust	de convección
gingerbread	anger	gingerbread
gingerbread	anticipation	gingerbread
gingerbread	disgust	gingerbread
gingerbread	fear	gingerbread
gingerbread	joy	gingerbread
gingerbread	negative	gingerbread
gingerbread	positive	gingerbread
gingerbread	sadness	gingerbread
gingerbread	surprise	gingerbread
gingerbread	trust	gingerbread
morality	anger	moralidad
morality	anticipation	de moralidad
morality	disgust	de moralidad
morality	fear	de moralidad
morality	joy	moralidad
morality	negative	de moralidad
morality	positive	de moralidad
morality	sadness	de moralidad
morality	surprise	moralidad
morality	trust	de moralidad
functional	anger	funcional
functional	anticipation	funcional
functional	disgust	funcional
functional	fear	funcional
functional	joy	funcional
functional	negative	funcional
functional	positive	funcional
functional	sadness	alguacil
functional	surprise	de alguacil
functional	trust	funcional
bailiff	anger	funcional
bailiff	anticipation	funcional
bailiff	disgust	alguacil
bailiff	fear	de alguacil
bailiff	joy	de alguacil
bailiff	negative	de alguacil
bailiff	positive	alguacil
bailiff	sadness	de alguacil
bailiff	surprise	de alguacil
bailiff	trust	de alguacil
diamond	anger	diamante
diamond	anticipation	de diamante
diamond	disgust	de diamante
diamond	fear	de diamante
diamond	joy	diamante
diamond	negative	de diamante
diamond	positive	de diamante
diamond	sadness	de diamante
diamond	surprise	diamante
diamond	trust	de diamante
liquidate	anger	liquidate
liquidate	anticipation	liquidate
liquidate	disgust	liquidate
liquidate	fear	liquidate
liquidate	joy	liquidate
liquidate	negative	liquidate
liquidate	positive	liquidate
liquidate	sadness	liquidate
liquidate	surprise	liquidate
liquidate	trust	liquidate
emergence	anger	aparición
emergence	anticipation	de aparición
emergence	disgust	de aparición
emergence	fear	de aparición
emergence	joy	aparición
emergence	negative	de aparición
emergence	positive	de aparición
emergence	sadness	de aparición
emergence	surprise	plazos
emergence	trust	de aparición
terms	anger	de la aparición
terms	anticipation	denomina
terms	disgust	plazos
terms	fear	de plazos
terms	joy	denomina
terms	negative	los plazos
terms	positive	denomina
terms	sadness	los plazos
terms	surprise	denomina
terms	trust	los plazos
trained	anger	entrenaron
trained	anticipation	entrenados
trained	disgust	entrenó
trained	fear	entrenado
trained	joy	entrenó
trained	negative	entrenado
trained	positive	entrenó
trained	sadness	entrenado
trained	surprise	entrenó
trained	trust	entrenado
commutation	anger	commutation
commutation	anticipation	commutation
commutation	disgust	commutation
commutation	fear	commutation
commutation	joy	commutation
commutation	negative	commutation
commutation	positive	commutation
commutation	sadness	commutation
commutation	surprise	commutation
commutation	trust	commutation
miscellaneous	anger	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	anticipation	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	disgust	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	fear	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	joy	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	negative	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	positive	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	sadness	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	surprise	miscellaneous
miscellaneous	trust	miscellaneous
radiate	anger	radiate
radiate	anticipation	radiate
radiate	disgust	radiate
radiate	fear	radiate
radiate	joy	radiate
radiate	negative	radiate
radiate	positive	radiate
radiate	sadness	radiate
radiate	surprise	radiate
radiate	trust	radiate
peril	anger	peril
peril	anticipation	peril
peril	disgust	peril
peril	fear	peril
peril	joy	peril
peril	negative	peril
peril	positive	peril
peril	sadness	peril
peril	surprise	peril
peril	trust	peril
porn	anger	porno
porn	anticipation	de porno
porn	disgust	de porno
porn	fear	de porno
porn	joy	porno
porn	negative	de porno
porn	positive	de porno
porn	sadness	de porno
porn	surprise	porno
porn	trust	de porno
nothingness	anger	nothingness
nothingness	anticipation	nothingness
nothingness	disgust	nothingness
nothingness	fear	nothingness
nothingness	joy	nothingness
nothingness	negative	nothingness
nothingness	positive	nothingness
nothingness	sadness	nothingness
nothingness	surprise	nothingness
nothingness	trust	nothingness
annul	anger	anular
annul	anticipation	anular
annul	disgust	anular
annul	fear	anular
annul	joy	anular
annul	negative	anular
annul	positive	anular
annul	sadness	anular
annul	surprise	anular
annul	trust	anular
census	anger	censo
census	anticipation	de censo
census	disgust	de censo
census	fear	de censo
census	joy	censo
census	negative	de censo
census	positive	de censo
census	sadness	de censo
census	surprise	censo
census	trust	de censo
sympathetic	anger	comprensivo
sympathetic	anticipation	comprensivo
sympathetic	disgust	comprensivo
sympathetic	fear	comprensivo
sympathetic	joy	comprensivo
sympathetic	negative	comprensivo
sympathetic	positive	comprensivo
sympathetic	sadness	metalurgia
sympathetic	surprise	de metalurgia
sympathetic	trust	comprensiva
metallurgy	anger	comprensiva
metallurgy	anticipation	comprensiva
metallurgy	disgust	metalurgia
metallurgy	fear	de metalurgia
metallurgy	joy	de metalurgia
metallurgy	negative	de metalurgia
metallurgy	positive	metalurgia
metallurgy	sadness	de metalurgia
metallurgy	surprise	de metalurgia
metallurgy	trust	de metalurgia
extraordinary	anger	extraordinaria
extraordinary	anticipation	extraordinario
extraordinary	disgust	extraordinario
extraordinary	fear	extraordinario
extraordinary	joy	extraordinario
extraordinary	negative	extraordinario
extraordinary	positive	extraordinario
extraordinary	sadness	abogado
extraordinary	surprise	de abogado
extraordinary	trust	extraordinario
solicitor	anger	extraordinario
solicitor	anticipation	extraordinario
solicitor	disgust	abogado
solicitor	fear	de abogado
solicitor	joy	de abogado
solicitor	negative	de abogado
solicitor	positive	abogado
solicitor	sadness	de abogado
solicitor	surprise	de abogado
solicitor	trust	de abogado
moonlight	anger	moonlight
moonlight	anticipation	moonlight
moonlight	disgust	moonlight
moonlight	fear	moonlight
moonlight	joy	moonlight
moonlight	negative	moonlight
moonlight	positive	moonlight
moonlight	sadness	moonlight
moonlight	surprise	moonlight
moonlight	trust	moonlight
amply	anger	ampliamente
amply	anticipation	ampliamente
amply	disgust	ampliamente
amply	fear	ampliamente
amply	joy	ampliamente
amply	negative	ampliamente
amply	positive	ampliamente
amply	sadness	ampliamente
amply	surprise	ampliamente
amply	trust	ampliamente
mismatched	anger	mismatched
mismatched	anticipation	mismatched
mismatched	disgust	mismatched
mismatched	fear	mismatched
mismatched	joy	mismatched
mismatched	negative	mismatched
mismatched	positive	mismatched
mismatched	sadness	mismatched
mismatched	surprise	mismatched
mismatched	trust	mismatched
pitfall	anger	pitfall
pitfall	anticipation	pitfall
pitfall	disgust	pitfall
pitfall	fear	pitfall
pitfall	joy	pitfall
pitfall	negative	pitfall
pitfall	positive	pitfall
pitfall	sadness	pitfall
pitfall	surprise	pitfall
pitfall	trust	pitfall
adventurous	anger	aventurero
adventurous	anticipation	aventurero
adventurous	disgust	aventurero
adventurous	fear	aventurero
adventurous	joy	aventurero
adventurous	negative	aventurero
adventurous	positive	aventurero
adventurous	sadness	aventurero
adventurous	surprise	aventurero
adventurous	trust	aventurero
avid	anger	ávido
avid	anticipation	ávido
avid	disgust	ávido
avid	fear	ávido
avid	joy	ávido
avid	negative	ávido
avid	positive	ávido
avid	sadness	ávido
avid	surprise	ávido
avid	trust	ávido
creep	anger	arrastrarse
creep	anticipation	arrastrarse
creep	disgust	arrastrarse
creep	fear	arrastrarse
creep	joy	arrastrarse
creep	negative	arrastrarse
creep	positive	arrastrarse
creep	sadness	arrastrarse
creep	surprise	arrastrarse
creep	trust	arrastrarse
lion	anger	león
lion	anticipation	de león
lion	disgust	de león
lion	fear	de león
lion	joy	león
lion	negative	de león
lion	positive	de león
lion	sadness	de león
lion	surprise	león
lion	trust	de león
loophole	anger	loophole
loophole	anticipation	loophole
loophole	disgust	loophole
loophole	fear	loophole
loophole	joy	loophole
loophole	negative	loophole
loophole	positive	loophole
loophole	sadness	loophole
loophole	surprise	loophole
loophole	trust	loophole
sentinel	anger	sentinel
sentinel	anticipation	sentinel
sentinel	disgust	sentinel
sentinel	fear	sentinel
sentinel	joy	sentinel
sentinel	negative	sentinel
sentinel	positive	sentinel
sentinel	sadness	sentinel
sentinel	surprise	sentinel
sentinel	trust	sentinel
racer	anger	racer
racer	anticipation	racer
racer	disgust	racer
racer	fear	racer
racer	joy	racer
racer	negative	racer
racer	positive	racer
racer	sadness	racer
racer	surprise	racer
racer	trust	racer
reinforcement	anger	refuerzo
reinforcement	anticipation	de refuerzo
reinforcement	disgust	de refuerzo
reinforcement	fear	de refuerzo
reinforcement	joy	refuerzo
reinforcement	negative	de refuerzo
reinforcement	positive	de refuerzo
reinforcement	sadness	de refuerzo
reinforcement	surprise	refrigeración
reinforcement	trust	de refrigeración
refrigeration	anger	de refuerzo
refrigeration	anticipation	de refuerzo
refrigeration	disgust	refrigeración
refrigeration	fear	de refrigeración
refrigeration	joy	de refrigeración
refrigeration	negative	de refrigeración
refrigeration	positive	refrigeración
refrigeration	sadness	de refrigeración
refrigeration	surprise	de refrigeración
refrigeration	trust	de refrigeración
popularity	anger	popularidad
popularity	anticipation	de popularidad
popularity	disgust	de popularidad
popularity	fear	de popularidad
popularity	joy	popularidad
popularity	negative	de popularidad
popularity	positive	de popularidad
popularity	sadness	de popularidad
popularity	surprise	examen
popularity	trust	de examen
examination	anger	de popularidad
examination	anticipation	de popularidad
examination	disgust	examen
examination	fear	de examen
examination	joy	de examen
examination	negative	de examen
examination	positive	examen
examination	sadness	de examen
examination	surprise	de examen
examination	trust	de examen
profession	anger	profesión
profession	anticipation	de profesión
profession	disgust	de profesión
profession	fear	de profesión
profession	joy	profesión
profession	negative	de profesión
profession	positive	de profesión
profession	sadness	de profesión
profession	surprise	fonética
profession	trust	de fonética
phonetics	anger	de profesión
phonetics	anticipation	de profesión
phonetics	disgust	fonética
phonetics	fear	de fonética
phonetics	joy	de fonética
phonetics	negative	de fonética
phonetics	positive	fonética
phonetics	sadness	de fonética
phonetics	surprise	de fonética
phonetics	trust	de fonética
beware	anger	beware
beware	anticipation	beware
beware	disgust	beware
beware	fear	beware
beware	joy	beware
beware	negative	beware
beware	positive	beware
beware	sadness	beware
beware	surprise	beware
beware	trust	beware
curling	anger	rizado
curling	anticipation	rizado
curling	disgust	rizado
curling	fear	rizado
curling	joy	rizado
curling	negative	rizado
curling	positive	rizado
curling	sadness	rizado
curling	surprise	rizado
curling	trust	rizado
egregious	anger	mayúsculo
egregious	anticipation	mayúsculo
egregious	disgust	mayúsculo
egregious	fear	mayúsculo
egregious	joy	mayúsculo
egregious	negative	mayúsculo
egregious	positive	mayúsculo
egregious	sadness	mayúsculo
egregious	surprise	mayúsculo
egregious	trust	mayúsculo
reestablish	anger	restablecer
reestablish	anticipation	restablecer
reestablish	disgust	restablecer
reestablish	fear	restablecer
reestablish	joy	restablecer
reestablish	negative	restablecer
reestablish	positive	restablecer
reestablish	sadness	restablecer
reestablish	surprise	restablecer
reestablish	trust	restablecer
pouch	anger	pouch
pouch	anticipation	pouch
pouch	disgust	pouch
pouch	fear	pouch
pouch	joy	pouch
pouch	negative	pouch
pouch	positive	pouch
pouch	sadness	pouch
pouch	surprise	pouch
pouch	trust	pouch
income	anger	ingresos
income	anticipation	de ingresos
income	disgust	de ingresos
income	fear	de ingresos
income	joy	ingresos
income	negative	de ingresos
income	positive	de ingresos
income	sadness	de ingresos
income	surprise	ingresos
income	trust	de ingresos
crazed	anger	crazed
crazed	anticipation	crazed
crazed	disgust	crazed
crazed	fear	crazed
crazed	joy	crazed
crazed	negative	crazed
crazed	positive	crazed
crazed	sadness	crazed
crazed	surprise	crazed
crazed	trust	crazed
wintry	anger	invernales
wintry	anticipation	invernales
wintry	disgust	invernales
wintry	fear	invernales
wintry	joy	invernales
wintry	negative	invernales
wintry	positive	invernales
wintry	sadness	invernales
wintry	surprise	invernales
wintry	trust	invernales
cuckold	anger	cuckold
cuckold	anticipation	cuckold
cuckold	disgust	cuckold
cuckold	fear	cuckold
cuckold	joy	cuckold
cuckold	negative	cuckold
cuckold	positive	cuckold
cuckold	sadness	cuckold
cuckold	surprise	cuckold
cuckold	trust	cuckold
disrespectful	anger	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	anticipation	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	disgust	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	fear	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	joy	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	negative	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	positive	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	sadness	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	surprise	irrespetuosos
disrespectful	trust	irrespetuosos
endocarditis	anger	endocarditis
endocarditis	anticipation	endocarditis
endocarditis	disgust	endocarditis
endocarditis	fear	endocarditis
endocarditis	joy	endocarditis
endocarditis	negative	endocarditis
endocarditis	positive	endocarditis
endocarditis	sadness	endocarditis
endocarditis	surprise	endocarditis
endocarditis	trust	endocarditis
impulse	anger	impulso
impulse	anticipation	de impulso
impulse	disgust	de impulso
impulse	fear	de impulso
impulse	joy	impulso
impulse	negative	de impulso
impulse	positive	de impulso
impulse	sadness	de impulso
impulse	surprise	pasillo
impulse	trust	de pasillo
corridor	anger	de impulso
corridor	anticipation	de impulso
corridor	disgust	pasillo
corridor	fear	de pasillo
corridor	joy	de pasillo
corridor	negative	de pasillo
corridor	positive	pasillo
corridor	sadness	de pasillo
corridor	surprise	de pasillo
corridor	trust	de pasillo
dungeon	anger	mazmorra
dungeon	anticipation	de mazmorra
dungeon	disgust	de mazmorra
dungeon	fear	de mazmorra
dungeon	joy	mazmorra
dungeon	negative	de mazmorra
dungeon	positive	de mazmorra
dungeon	sadness	de mazmorra
dungeon	surprise	mazmorra
dungeon	trust	de mazmorra
marginal	anger	insignificante
marginal	anticipation	insignificante
marginal	disgust	insignificante
marginal	fear	insignificante
marginal	joy	insignificante
marginal	negative	insignificante
marginal	positive	insignificante
marginal	sadness	deslumbramiento
marginal	surprise	de deslumbramiento
marginal	trust	insignificante
glare	anger	insignificante
glare	anticipation	insignificante
glare	disgust	deslumbramiento
glare	fear	de deslumbramiento
glare	joy	de deslumbramiento
glare	negative	de deslumbramiento
glare	positive	deslumbramiento
glare	sadness	de deslumbramiento
glare	surprise	de deslumbramiento
glare	trust	de deslumbramiento
misstatement	anger	misstatement
misstatement	anticipation	misstatement
misstatement	disgust	misstatement
misstatement	fear	misstatement
misstatement	joy	misstatement
misstatement	negative	misstatement
misstatement	positive	misstatement
misstatement	sadness	misstatement
misstatement	surprise	misstatement
misstatement	trust	misstatement
murmur	anger	murmullo
murmur	anticipation	de murmullo
murmur	disgust	de murmullo
murmur	fear	de murmullo
murmur	joy	murmullo
murmur	negative	de murmullo
murmur	positive	de murmullo
murmur	sadness	de murmullo
murmur	surprise	murmullo
murmur	trust	de murmullo
trawler	anger	trawler
trawler	anticipation	trawler
trawler	disgust	trawler
trawler	fear	trawler
trawler	joy	trawler
trawler	negative	trawler
trawler	positive	trawler
trawler	sadness	trawler
trawler	surprise	trawler
trawler	trust	trawler
devolution	anger	devolution
devolution	anticipation	devolution
devolution	disgust	devolution
devolution	fear	devolution
devolution	joy	devolution
devolution	negative	devolution
devolution	positive	devolution
devolution	sadness	devolution
devolution	surprise	devolution
devolution	trust	devolution
sinful	anger	sinful
sinful	anticipation	sinful
sinful	disgust	sinful
sinful	fear	sinful
sinful	joy	sinful
sinful	negative	sinful
sinful	positive	sinful
sinful	sadness	sinful
sinful	surprise	sinful
sinful	trust	sinful
puzzling	anger	puzzling
puzzling	anticipation	puzzling
puzzling	disgust	puzzling
puzzling	fear	puzzling
puzzling	joy	puzzling
puzzling	negative	puzzling
puzzling	positive	puzzling
puzzling	sadness	puzzling
puzzling	surprise	puzzling
puzzling	trust	puzzling
plea	anger	descargo
plea	anticipation	de descargo
plea	disgust	de descargo
plea	fear	de descargo
plea	joy	descargo
plea	negative	de descargo
plea	positive	de descargo
plea	sadness	de descargo
plea	surprise	opio
plea	trust	de opio
opium	anger	de descargo
opium	anticipation	de descargo
opium	disgust	opio
opium	fear	de opio
opium	joy	de opio
opium	negative	de opio
opium	positive	opio
opium	sadness	de opio
opium	surprise	de opio
opium	trust	de opio que
inhabiting	anger	habita
inhabiting	anticipation	habitando
inhabiting	disgust	habitando
inhabiting	fear	habitando
inhabiting	joy	habitando
inhabiting	negative	habitando
inhabiting	positive	habitando
inhabiting	sadness	habitando
inhabiting	surprise	habitando
inhabiting	trust	habitando
manage	anger	dirige
manage	anticipation	dirigir
manage	disgust	dirigir
manage	fear	dirigir
manage	joy	dirigir
manage	negative	dirigir
manage	positive	dirigir
manage	sadness	dirigir
manage	surprise	dirigir
manage	trust	dirigir
width	anger	ancho
width	anticipation	de ancho
width	disgust	de ancho
width	fear	de ancho
width	joy	ancho
width	negative	de ancho
width	positive	de ancho
width	sadness	de ancho
width	surprise	ancho
width	trust	de ancho
grassy	anger	grassy
grassy	anticipation	grassy
grassy	disgust	grassy
grassy	fear	grassy
grassy	joy	grassy
grassy	negative	grassy
grassy	positive	grassy
grassy	sadness	grassy
grassy	surprise	grassy
grassy	trust	grassy
adjudicate	anger	arbitrar
adjudicate	anticipation	arbitrar
adjudicate	disgust	arbitrar
adjudicate	fear	arbitrar
adjudicate	joy	arbitrar
adjudicate	negative	arbitrar
adjudicate	positive	arbitrar
adjudicate	sadness	arbitrar
adjudicate	surprise	arbitrar
adjudicate	trust	arbitrar
battle	anger	batalla
battle	anticipation	de batalla
battle	disgust	de batalla
battle	fear	de batalla
battle	joy	batalla
battle	negative	de batalla
battle	positive	de batalla
battle	sadness	de batalla
battle	surprise	batalla
battle	trust	de batalla
entertained	anger	entretuvo
entertained	anticipation	entretenida
entertained	disgust	entretuvo
entertained	fear	entretenido
entertained	joy	entretuvo
entertained	negative	entretenido
entertained	positive	entretuvo
entertained	sadness	entretenido
entertained	surprise	entretuvo
entertained	trust	entretenido
menace	anger	menace
menace	anticipation	menace
menace	disgust	menace
menace	fear	menace
menace	joy	menace
menace	negative	menace
menace	positive	menace
menace	sadness	menace
menace	surprise	menace
menace	trust	menace
clandestine	anger	clandestine
clandestine	anticipation	clandestine
clandestine	disgust	clandestine
clandestine	fear	clandestine
clandestine	joy	clandestine
clandestine	negative	clandestine
clandestine	positive	clandestine
clandestine	sadness	clandestine
clandestine	surprise	clandestine
clandestine	trust	clandestine
cowboy	anger	cowboy
cowboy	anticipation	de cowboy
cowboy	disgust	de cowboy
cowboy	fear	de cowboy
cowboy	joy	cowboy
cowboy	negative	de cowboy
cowboy	positive	de cowboy
cowboy	sadness	de cowboy
cowboy	surprise	error
cowboy	trust	de error
error	anger	de cowboy
error	anticipation	de cowboy
error	disgust	error
error	fear	de error
error	joy	de error
error	negative	de error
error	positive	error
error	sadness	de error
error	surprise	de error
error	trust	de error
flickering	anger	flickering
flickering	anticipation	flickering
flickering	disgust	flickering
flickering	fear	flickering
flickering	joy	flickering
flickering	negative	flickering
flickering	positive	flickering
flickering	sadness	flickering
flickering	surprise	flickering
flickering	trust	flickering
sundry	anger	sundry
sundry	anticipation	sundry
sundry	disgust	sundry
sundry	fear	sundry
sundry	joy	sundry
sundry	negative	sundry
sundry	positive	sundry
sundry	sadness	sundry
sundry	surprise	sundry
sundry	trust	sundry
salty	anger	salobre
salty	anticipation	salobre
salty	disgust	salobre
salty	fear	salobre
salty	joy	salobre
salty	negative	salobre
salty	positive	salobre
salty	sadness	solo
salty	surprise	de solo
salty	trust	salobre
solo	anger	salobre
solo	anticipation	salobre
solo	disgust	solo
solo	fear	de solo
solo	joy	de solo
solo	negative	de solo
solo	positive	solo
solo	sadness	de solo
solo	surprise	de solo
solo	trust	de solo
rendition	anger	rendition
rendition	anticipation	rendition
rendition	disgust	rendition
rendition	fear	rendition
rendition	joy	rendition
rendition	negative	rendition
rendition	positive	rendition
rendition	sadness	rendition
rendition	surprise	rendition
rendition	trust	rendition
prostrate	anger	prostrate
prostrate	anticipation	prostrate
prostrate	disgust	prostrate
prostrate	fear	prostrate
prostrate	joy	prostrate
prostrate	negative	prostrate
prostrate	positive	prostrate
prostrate	sadness	prostrate
prostrate	surprise	prostrate
prostrate	trust	prostrate
comparative	anger	comparativo
comparative	anticipation	comparativo
comparative	disgust	comparativo
comparative	fear	comparativo
comparative	joy	comparativo
comparative	negative	comparativo
comparative	positive	comparativo
comparative	sadness	comparativo
comparative	surprise	comparativo
comparative	trust	comparativo
skit	anger	skit
skit	anticipation	skit
skit	disgust	skit
skit	fear	skit
skit	joy	skit
skit	negative	skit
skit	positive	skit
skit	sadness	skit
skit	surprise	skit
skit	trust	skit
crimson	anger	carmesí
crimson	anticipation	carmesí
crimson	disgust	carmesí
crimson	fear	carmesí
crimson	joy	carmesí
crimson	negative	carmesí
crimson	positive	carmesí
crimson	sadness	grúa
crimson	surprise	de grúa
crimson	trust	carmesí
crane	anger	carmesí
crane	anticipation	carmesí
crane	disgust	grúa
crane	fear	de grúa
crane	joy	de grúa
crane	negative	de grúa
crane	positive	grúa
crane	sadness	de grúa
crane	surprise	de grúa
crane	trust	de grúa
divert	anger	desvía
divert	anticipation	desviar
divert	disgust	desviar
divert	fear	desviar
divert	joy	desviar
divert	negative	desviar
divert	positive	desviar
divert	sadness	desviar
divert	surprise	desviar
divert	trust	desviar
elliptic	anger	elliptic
elliptic	anticipation	elliptic
elliptic	disgust	elliptic
elliptic	fear	elliptic
elliptic	joy	elliptic
elliptic	negative	elliptic
elliptic	positive	elliptic
elliptic	sadness	elliptic
elliptic	surprise	elliptic
elliptic	trust	elliptic
inert	anger	inerte
inert	anticipation	inerte
inert	disgust	inerte
inert	fear	inerte
inert	joy	inerte
inert	negative	inerte
inert	positive	inerte
inert	sadness	inerte
inert	surprise	inerte
inert	trust	inerte
disreputable	anger	disreputable
disreputable	anticipation	disreputable
disreputable	disgust	disreputable
disreputable	fear	disreputable
disreputable	joy	disreputable
disreputable	negative	disreputable
disreputable	positive	disreputable
disreputable	sadness	disreputable
disreputable	surprise	disreputable
disreputable	trust	disreputable
catheter	anger	sonda
catheter	anticipation	de sonda
catheter	disgust	de sonda
catheter	fear	de sonda
catheter	joy	sonda
catheter	negative	de sonda
catheter	positive	de sonda
catheter	sadness	de sonda
catheter	surprise	absolución
catheter	trust	de absolución
absolution	anger	de sonda
absolution	anticipation	de sonda
absolution	disgust	absolución
absolution	fear	de absolución
absolution	joy	de absolución
absolution	negative	de absolución
absolution	positive	absolución
absolution	sadness	de absolución
absolution	surprise	de absolución
absolution	trust	de absolución que
quivering	anger	tiembla
quivering	anticipation	tembloroso
quivering	disgust	tembloroso
quivering	fear	tembloroso
quivering	joy	tembloroso
quivering	negative	tembloroso
quivering	positive	tembloroso
quivering	sadness	tembloroso
quivering	surprise	tembloroso
quivering	trust	tembloroso
prevail	anger	prevalecer
prevail	anticipation	prevalecer
prevail	disgust	prevalecer
prevail	fear	prevalecer
prevail	joy	prevalecer
prevail	negative	prevalecer
prevail	positive	prevalecer
prevail	sadness	prevalecer
prevail	surprise	prevalecer
prevail	trust	prevalecer
assassinate	anger	asesinar
assassinate	anticipation	asesinar
assassinate	disgust	asesinar
assassinate	fear	asesinar
assassinate	joy	asesinar
assassinate	negative	asesinar
assassinate	positive	asesinar
assassinate	sadness	asesinar
assassinate	surprise	asesinar
assassinate	trust	asesinar
rebut	anger	rebut
rebut	anticipation	rebut
rebut	disgust	rebut
rebut	fear	rebut
rebut	joy	rebut
rebut	negative	rebut
rebut	positive	rebut
rebut	sadness	rebut
rebut	surprise	rebut
rebut	trust	rebut
construe	anger	construe
construe	anticipation	construe
construe	disgust	construe
construe	fear	construe
construe	joy	construe
construe	negative	construe
construe	positive	construe
construe	sadness	construe
construe	surprise	construe
construe	trust	construe
inelastic	anger	inelastic
inelastic	anticipation	inelastic
inelastic	disgust	inelastic
inelastic	fear	inelastic
inelastic	joy	inelastic
inelastic	negative	inelastic
inelastic	positive	inelastic
inelastic	sadness	inelastic
inelastic	surprise	inelastic
inelastic	trust	inelastic
rubbish	anger	basura
rubbish	anticipation	de basura
rubbish	disgust	de basura
rubbish	fear	de basura
rubbish	joy	basura
rubbish	negative	de basura
rubbish	positive	de basura
rubbish	sadness	de basura
rubbish	surprise	basura
rubbish	trust	de basura
hermaphrodite	anger	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	anticipation	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	disgust	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	fear	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	joy	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	negative	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	positive	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	sadness	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	surprise	hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite	trust	hermaphrodite
matrimony	anger	matrimony
matrimony	anticipation	matrimony
matrimony	disgust	matrimony
matrimony	fear	matrimony
matrimony	joy	matrimony
matrimony	negative	matrimony
matrimony	positive	matrimony
matrimony	sadness	matrimony
matrimony	surprise	matrimony
matrimony	trust	matrimony
immoral	anger	inmoral
immoral	anticipation	inmoral
immoral	disgust	inmoral
immoral	fear	inmoral
immoral	joy	inmoral
immoral	negative	inmoral
immoral	positive	inmoral
immoral	sadness	diván
immoral	surprise	de diván
immoral	trust	inmoral
divan	anger	inmoral
divan	anticipation	inmoral
divan	disgust	diván
divan	fear	de diván
divan	joy	de diván
divan	negative	de diván
divan	positive	diván
divan	sadness	de diván
divan	surprise	de diván
divan	trust	de diván
headlight	anger	headlight
headlight	anticipation	headlight
headlight	disgust	headlight
headlight	fear	headlight
headlight	joy	headlight
headlight	negative	headlight
headlight	positive	headlight
headlight	sadness	headlight
headlight	surprise	headlight
headlight	trust	headlight
impeachment	anger	impeachment
impeachment	anticipation	impeachment
impeachment	disgust	impeachment
impeachment	fear	impeachment
impeachment	joy	impeachment
impeachment	negative	impeachment
impeachment	positive	impeachment
impeachment	sadness	impeachment
impeachment	surprise	impeachment
impeachment	trust	impeachment
iris	anger	iris
iris	anticipation	iris
iris	disgust	iris
iris	fear	iris
iris	joy	iris
iris	negative	iris
iris	positive	iris
iris	sadness	iris
iris	surprise	iris
iris	trust	iris
jurisdiction	anger	jurisdicción
jurisdiction	anticipation	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	disgust	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	fear	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	joy	jurisdicción
jurisdiction	negative	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	positive	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	sadness	de jurisdicción
jurisdiction	surprise	jurisdicción
jurisdiction	trust	de jurisdicción
incalculable	anger	incalculable
incalculable	anticipation	incalculable
incalculable	disgust	incalculable
incalculable	fear	incalculable
incalculable	joy	incalculable
incalculable	negative	incalculable
incalculable	positive	incalculable
incalculable	sadness	incalculable
incalculable	surprise	incalculable
incalculable	trust	incalculable
miserably	anger	miserably
miserably	anticipation	miserably
miserably	disgust	miserably
miserably	fear	miserably
miserably	joy	miserably
miserably	negative	miserably
miserably	positive	miserably
miserably	sadness	miserably
miserably	surprise	miserably
miserably	trust	miserably
resist	anger	resistir
resist	anticipation	resistir
resist	disgust	resistir
resist	fear	resistir
resist	joy	resistir
resist	negative	resistir
resist	positive	resistir
resist	sadness	resistir
resist	surprise	resistir
resist	trust	resistir
beverage	anger	beverage
beverage	anticipation	beverage
beverage	disgust	beverage
beverage	fear	beverage
beverage	joy	beverage
beverage	negative	beverage
beverage	positive	beverage
beverage	sadness	beverage
beverage	surprise	beverage
beverage	trust	beverage
moorings	anger	moorings
moorings	anticipation	moorings
moorings	disgust	moorings
moorings	fear	moorings
moorings	joy	moorings
moorings	negative	moorings
moorings	positive	moorings
moorings	sadness	moorings
moorings	surprise	moorings
moorings	trust	moorings
lecturer	anger	conferenciante
lecturer	anticipation	de conferenciante
lecturer	disgust	de conferenciante
lecturer	fear	de conferenciante
lecturer	joy	conferenciante
lecturer	negative	de conferenciante
lecturer	positive	de conferenciante
lecturer	sadness	de conferenciante
lecturer	surprise	visado
lecturer	trust	de visado
visa	anger	de conferenciante
visa	anticipation	de conferenciante
visa	disgust	visado
visa	fear	de visado
visa	joy	de visado
visa	negative	de visado
visa	positive	visado
visa	sadness	de visado
visa	surprise	de visado
visa	trust	de visado
serpent	anger	serpent
serpent	anticipation	serpent
serpent	disgust	serpent
serpent	fear	serpent
serpent	joy	serpent
serpent	negative	serpent
serpent	positive	serpent
serpent	sadness	serpent
serpent	surprise	serpent
serpent	trust	serpent
imposing	anger	imponiendo
imposing	anticipation	imponiendo
imposing	disgust	imponiendo
imposing	fear	imponiendo
imposing	joy	imponiendo
imposing	negative	imponiendo
imposing	positive	imponiendo
imposing	sadness	imponiendo
imposing	surprise	imponiendo
imposing	trust	imponiendo
stern	anger	popa
stern	anticipation	de popa
stern	disgust	de popa
stern	fear	de popa
stern	joy	popa
stern	negative	de popa
stern	positive	de popa
stern	sadness	de popa
stern	surprise	escala
stern	trust	de escala
scale	anger	de popa
scale	anticipation	de popa
scale	disgust	escala
scale	fear	de escala
scale	joy	de escala
scale	negative	de escala
scale	positive	escala
scale	sadness	de escala
scale	surprise	de escala
scale	trust	de escala
tun	anger	tun
tun	anticipation	tun
tun	disgust	tun
tun	fear	tun
tun	joy	tun
tun	negative	tun
tun	positive	tun
tun	sadness	tun
tun	surprise	tun
tun	trust	tun
ripening	anger	ripening
ripening	anticipation	ripening
ripening	disgust	ripening
ripening	fear	ripening
ripening	joy	ripening
ripening	negative	ripening
ripening	positive	ripening
ripening	sadness	ripening
ripening	surprise	ripening
ripening	trust	ripening
drowsiness	anger	drowsiness
drowsiness	anticipation	drowsiness
drowsiness	disgust	drowsiness
drowsiness	fear	drowsiness
drowsiness	joy	drowsiness
drowsiness	negative	drowsiness
drowsiness	positive	drowsiness
drowsiness	sadness	drowsiness
drowsiness	surprise	drowsiness
drowsiness	trust	drowsiness
foaming	anger	espumando
foaming	anticipation	espumando
foaming	disgust	espumando
foaming	fear	espumando
foaming	joy	espumando
foaming	negative	espumando
foaming	positive	espumando
foaming	sadness	espumando
foaming	surprise	espumando
foaming	trust	espumando
proletariat	anger	proletariado
proletariat	anticipation	de proletariado
proletariat	disgust	de proletariado
proletariat	fear	de proletariado
proletariat	joy	proletariado
proletariat	negative	de proletariado
proletariat	positive	de proletariado
proletariat	sadness	de proletariado
proletariat	surprise	enfermero
proletariat	trust	de enfermero
nurse	anger	de proletariado
nurse	anticipation	de proletariado
nurse	disgust	enfermero
nurse	fear	de enfermero
nurse	joy	de enfermero
nurse	negative	de enfermero
nurse	positive	enfermero
nurse	sadness	de enfermero
nurse	surprise	de enfermero
nurse	trust	de enfermero
unequal	anger	desigual
unequal	anticipation	desigual
unequal	disgust	desigual
unequal	fear	desigual
unequal	joy	desigual
unequal	negative	desigual
unequal	positive	desigual
unequal	sadness	desigual
unequal	surprise	desigual
unequal	trust	desigual
streamer	anger	streamer
streamer	anticipation	streamer
streamer	disgust	streamer
streamer	fear	streamer
streamer	joy	streamer
streamer	negative	streamer
streamer	positive	streamer
streamer	sadness	streamer
streamer	surprise	streamer
streamer	trust	streamer
polygamy	anger	poligamia
polygamy	anticipation	de poligamia
polygamy	disgust	de poligamia
polygamy	fear	de poligamia
polygamy	joy	poligamia
polygamy	negative	de poligamia
polygamy	positive	de poligamia
polygamy	sadness	de poligamia
polygamy	surprise	lotería
polygamy	trust	de lotería
lottery	anger	de poligamia
lottery	anticipation	de poligamia
lottery	disgust	lotería
lottery	fear	de lotería
lottery	joy	de lotería
lottery	negative	de lotería
lottery	positive	lotería
lottery	sadness	de lotería
lottery	surprise	de lotería
lottery	trust	de lotería
depositary	anger	depositary
depositary	anticipation	depositary
depositary	disgust	depositary
depositary	fear	depositary
depositary	joy	depositary
depositary	negative	depositary
depositary	positive	depositary
depositary	sadness	depositary
depositary	surprise	depositary
depositary	trust	depositary
lumber	anger	madera
lumber	anticipation	de madera
lumber	disgust	de madera
lumber	fear	de madera
lumber	joy	madera
lumber	negative	de madera
lumber	positive	de madera
lumber	sadness	de madera
lumber	surprise	interrogatorio
lumber	trust	de interrogatorio
interrogation	anger	de madera
interrogation	anticipation	de madera
interrogation	disgust	interrogatorio
interrogation	fear	de interrogatorio
interrogation	joy	de interrogatorio
interrogation	negative	de interrogatorio
interrogation	positive	interrogatorio
interrogation	sadness	de interrogatorio
interrogation	surprise	de interrogatorio
interrogation	trust	de interrogatorio
aloud	anger	aloud
aloud	anticipation	aloud
aloud	disgust	aloud
aloud	fear	aloud
aloud	joy	aloud
aloud	negative	aloud
aloud	positive	aloud
aloud	sadness	aloud
aloud	surprise	aloud
aloud	trust	aloud
formality	anger	formalidad
formality	anticipation	de formalidad
formality	disgust	de formalidad
formality	fear	de formalidad
formality	joy	formalidad
formality	negative	de formalidad
formality	positive	de formalidad
formality	sadness	de formalidad
formality	surprise	formalidad
formality	trust	de formalidad
slowly	anger	despacio
slowly	anticipation	despacio
slowly	disgust	despacio
slowly	fear	despacio
slowly	joy	despacio
slowly	negative	despacio
slowly	positive	despacio
slowly	sadness	despacio
slowly	surprise	despacio
slowly	trust	despacio
ruin	anger	ruina
ruin	anticipation	de ruina
ruin	disgust	de ruina
ruin	fear	de ruina
ruin	joy	ruina
ruin	negative	de ruina
ruin	positive	de ruina
ruin	sadness	de ruina
ruin	surprise	ruina
ruin	trust	de ruina
fry	anger	fríe
fry	anticipation	freír
fry	disgust	freír
fry	fear	freír
fry	joy	freír
fry	negative	freír
fry	positive	freír
fry	sadness	freír
fry	surprise	freír
fry	trust	freír
yellows	anger	yellows
yellows	anticipation	yellows
yellows	disgust	yellows
yellows	fear	yellows
yellows	joy	yellows
yellows	negative	yellows
yellows	positive	yellows
yellows	sadness	yellows
yellows	surprise	yellows
yellows	trust	yellows
included	anger	incluido
included	anticipation	incluido
included	disgust	incluido
included	fear	incluido
included	joy	incluido
included	negative	incluido
included	positive	incluido
included	sadness	incluido
included	surprise	incluido
included	trust	incluido
maturation	anger	maturation
maturation	anticipation	maturation
maturation	disgust	maturation
maturation	fear	maturation
maturation	joy	maturation
maturation	negative	maturation
maturation	positive	maturation
maturation	sadness	maturation
maturation	surprise	maturation
maturation	trust	maturation
consort	anger	consort
consort	anticipation	consort
consort	disgust	consort
consort	fear	consort
consort	joy	consort
consort	negative	consort
consort	positive	consort
consort	sadness	consort
consort	surprise	consort
consort	trust	consort
interpretation	anger	interpretación
interpretation	anticipation	de interpretación
interpretation	disgust	de interpretación
interpretation	fear	de interpretación
interpretation	joy	interpretación
interpretation	negative	de interpretación
interpretation	positive	de interpretación
interpretation	sadness	de interpretación
interpretation	surprise	interpretación
interpretation	trust	de interpretación
ponderous	anger	pesada
ponderous	anticipation	pesado
ponderous	disgust	pesado
ponderous	fear	pesado
ponderous	joy	pesado
ponderous	negative	pesado
ponderous	positive	pesado
ponderous	sadness	pesado
ponderous	surprise	pesado
ponderous	trust	pesado
drunken	anger	drunken
drunken	anticipation	drunken
drunken	disgust	drunken
drunken	fear	drunken
drunken	joy	drunken
drunken	negative	drunken
drunken	positive	drunken
drunken	sadness	drunken
drunken	surprise	drunken
drunken	trust	drunken
emission	anger	emisión
emission	anticipation	de emisión
emission	disgust	de emisión
emission	fear	de emisión
emission	joy	emisión
emission	negative	de emisión
emission	positive	de emisión
emission	sadness	de emisión
emission	surprise	emisión
emission	trust	de emisión
bullock	anger	bullock
bullock	anticipation	bullock
bullock	disgust	bullock
bullock	fear	bullock
bullock	joy	bullock
bullock	negative	bullock
bullock	positive	bullock
bullock	sadness	bullock
bullock	surprise	bullock
bullock	trust	bullock
discoloration	anger	decoloración
discoloration	anticipation	de decoloración
discoloration	disgust	de decoloración
discoloration	fear	de decoloración
discoloration	joy	decoloración
discoloration	negative	de decoloración
discoloration	positive	de decoloración
discoloration	sadness	de decoloración
discoloration	surprise	porquería
discoloration	trust	de porquería
filth	anger	de decoloración
filth	anticipation	de decoloración
filth	disgust	porquería
filth	fear	de porquería
filth	joy	de porquería
filth	negative	de porquería
filth	positive	porquería
filth	sadness	de porquería
filth	surprise	de porquería
filth	trust	de porquería
veritable	anger	veritable
veritable	anticipation	veritable
veritable	disgust	veritable
veritable	fear	veritable
veritable	joy	veritable
veritable	negative	veritable
veritable	positive	veritable
veritable	sadness	veritable
veritable	surprise	veritable
veritable	trust	veritable
lingo	anger	lingo
lingo	anticipation	lingo
lingo	disgust	lingo
lingo	fear	lingo
lingo	joy	lingo
lingo	negative	lingo
lingo	positive	lingo
lingo	sadness	lingo
lingo	surprise	lingo
lingo	trust	lingo
rot	anger	podredumbre
rot	anticipation	de podredumbre
rot	disgust	de podredumbre
rot	fear	de podredumbre
rot	joy	podredumbre
rot	negative	de podredumbre
rot	positive	de podredumbre
rot	sadness	de podredumbre
rot	surprise	podredumbre
rot	trust	de podredumbre
receding	anger	receding
receding	anticipation	
receding	disgust	receding
receding	fear	receding
receding	joy	receding
receding	negative	receding
receding	positive	receding
receding	sadness	receding
receding	surprise	receding
receding	trust	receding
suspenders	anger	receding
suspenders	anticipation	tirantes de tirantes
suspenders	disgust	de tirantes
suspenders	fear	de tirantes
suspenders	joy	tirantes
suspenders	negative	de tirantes
suspenders	positive	de tirantes
suspenders	sadness	de tirantes
suspenders	surprise	tirantes
suspenders	trust	de tirantes
checkers	anger	checkers
checkers	anticipation	checkers
checkers	disgust	checkers
checkers	fear	checkers
checkers	joy	checkers
checkers	negative	checkers
checkers	positive	checkers
checkers	sadness	checkers
checkers	surprise	checkers
checkers	trust	checkers
uncomfortable	anger	incómodos
uncomfortable	anticipation	incómodos
uncomfortable	disgust	incómodos
uncomfortable	fear	incómodos
uncomfortable	joy	incómodos
uncomfortable	negative	incómodos
uncomfortable	positive	incómodos
uncomfortable	sadness	incómodos
uncomfortable	surprise	incómodos
uncomfortable	trust	incómodos
multiplier	anger	multiplier
multiplier	anticipation	multiplier
multiplier	disgust	multiplier
multiplier	fear	multiplier
multiplier	joy	multiplier
multiplier	negative	multiplier
multiplier	positive	multiplier
multiplier	sadness	multiplier
multiplier	surprise	multiplier
multiplier	trust	multiplier
pageant	anger	pageant
pageant	anticipation	pageant
pageant	disgust	pageant
pageant	fear	pageant
pageant	joy	pageant
pageant	negative	pageant
pageant	positive	pageant
pageant	sadness	pageant
pageant	surprise	pageant
pageant	trust	pageant
terrorize	anger	terrorize
terrorize	anticipation	terrorize
terrorize	disgust	terrorize
terrorize	fear	terrorize
terrorize	joy	terrorize
terrorize	negative	terrorize
terrorize	positive	terrorize
terrorize	sadness	terrorize
terrorize	surprise	terrorize
terrorize	trust	terrorize
fishery	anger	fishery
fishery	anticipation	fishery
fishery	disgust	fishery
fishery	fear	fishery
fishery	joy	fishery
fishery	negative	fishery
fishery	positive	fishery
fishery	sadness	fishery
fishery	surprise	fishery
fishery	trust	fishery
untimely	anger	untimely
untimely	anticipation	untimely
untimely	disgust	untimely
untimely	fear	untimely
untimely	joy	untimely
untimely	negative	untimely
untimely	positive	untimely
untimely	sadness	untimely
untimely	surprise	untimely
untimely	trust	untimely
falsely	anger	falsamente
falsely	anticipation	falsamente
falsely	disgust	falsamente
falsely	fear	falsamente
falsely	joy	falsamente
falsely	negative	falsamente
falsely	positive	falsamente
falsely	sadness	falsamente
falsely	surprise	falsamente
falsely	trust	falsamente
manifold	anger	colector
manifold	anticipation	de colector
manifold	disgust	de colector
manifold	fear	de colector
manifold	joy	colector
manifold	negative	de colector
manifold	positive	de colector
manifold	sadness	de colector
manifold	surprise	eminencia
manifold	trust	de eminencia
eminence	anger	de colector
eminence	anticipation	de colector
eminence	disgust	eminencia
eminence	fear	de eminencia
eminence	joy	de eminencia
eminence	negative	de eminencia
eminence	positive	eminencia
eminence	sadness	de eminencia
eminence	surprise	de eminencia
eminence	trust	de eminencia
required	anger	requirió
required	anticipation	requerida
required	disgust	requirió
required	fear	requerido
required	joy	requirió
required	negative	requerido
required	positive	requirió
required	sadness	requerido
required	surprise	requirió
required	trust	guisante
pea	anger	de guisante
pea	anticipation	de guisante
pea	disgust	requerido
pea	fear	guisante
pea	joy	de guisante
pea	negative	de guisante
pea	positive	de guisante
pea	sadness	dandy
pea	surprise	de guisante
pea	trust	de guisante
dandy	anger	de guisante
dandy	anticipation	dandy
dandy	disgust	de dandy
dandy	fear	de dandy
dandy	joy	de dandy
dandy	negative	dandy
dandy	positive	de dandy
dandy	sadness	de dandy
dandy	surprise	de dandy
dandy	trust	dandy
misconduct	anger	misconduct
misconduct	anticipation	misconduct
misconduct	disgust	misconduct
misconduct	fear	misconduct
misconduct	joy	misconduct
misconduct	negative	misconduct
misconduct	positive	misconduct
misconduct	sadness	misconduct
misconduct	surprise	misconduct
misconduct	trust	misconduct
reverberation	anger	reverberación
reverberation	anticipation	de reverberación
reverberation	disgust	de reverberación
reverberation	fear	de reverberación
reverberation	joy	reverberación
reverberation	negative	de reverberación
reverberation	positive	de reverberación
reverberation	sadness	de reverberación
reverberation	surprise	reverberación
reverberation	trust	de reverberación
buck	anger	buck
buck	anticipation	buck
buck	disgust	buck
buck	fear	buck
buck	joy	buck
buck	negative	buck
buck	positive	buck
buck	sadness	buck
buck	surprise	buck
buck	trust	buck
cortex	anger	cortex
cortex	anticipation	cortex
cortex	disgust	cortex
cortex	fear	cortex
cortex	joy	cortex
cortex	negative	cortex
cortex	positive	cortex
cortex	sadness	cortex
cortex	surprise	cortex
cortex	trust	cortex
imperfection	anger	imperfección
imperfection	anticipation	de imperfección
imperfection	disgust	de imperfección
imperfection	fear	de imperfección
imperfection	joy	imperfección
imperfection	negative	de imperfección
imperfection	positive	de imperfección
imperfection	sadness	de imperfección
imperfection	surprise	clamor
imperfection	trust	de clamor
clamor	anger	de imperfección
clamor	anticipation	de imperfección
clamor	disgust	clamor
clamor	fear	de clamor
clamor	joy	de clamor
clamor	negative	de clamor
clamor	positive	clamor
clamor	sadness	de clamor
clamor	surprise	de clamor
clamor	trust	de clamor
cortical	anger	cortical
cortical	anticipation	cortical
cortical	disgust	cortical
cortical	fear	cortical
cortical	joy	cortical
cortical	negative	cortical
cortical	positive	cortical
cortical	sadness	cortical
cortical	surprise	cortical
cortical	trust	cortical
divisible	anger	divisible
divisible	anticipation	divisible
divisible	disgust	divisible
divisible	fear	divisible
divisible	joy	divisible
divisible	negative	divisible
divisible	positive	divisible
divisible	sadness	divisible
divisible	surprise	divisible
divisible	trust	divisible
trim	anger	trim
trim	anticipation	trim
trim	disgust	trim
trim	fear	trim
trim	joy	trim
trim	negative	trim
trim	positive	trim
trim	sadness	trim
trim	surprise	trim
trim	trust	trim
sweater	anger	suéter
sweater	anticipation	de suéter
sweater	disgust	de suéter
sweater	fear	de suéter
sweater	joy	suéter
sweater	negative	de suéter
sweater	positive	de suéter
sweater	sadness	de suéter
sweater	surprise	suéter
sweater	trust	de suéter
crouching	anger	crouching
crouching	anticipation	crouching
crouching	disgust	crouching
crouching	fear	crouching
crouching	joy	crouching
crouching	negative	crouching
crouching	positive	crouching
crouching	sadness	crouching
crouching	surprise	crouching
crouching	trust	crouching
spit	anger	spit
spit	anticipation	spit
spit	disgust	spit
spit	fear	spit
spit	joy	spit
spit	negative	spit
spit	positive	spit
spit	sadness	spit
spit	surprise	spit
spit	trust	spit
distribution	anger	distribución
distribution	anticipation	de distribución
distribution	disgust	de distribución
distribution	fear	de distribución
distribution	joy	distribución
distribution	negative	de distribución
distribution	positive	de distribución
distribution	sadness	de distribución
distribution	surprise	distribución
distribution	trust	de distribución
synonym	anger	synonym
synonym	anticipation	synonym
synonym	disgust	synonym
synonym	fear	synonym
synonym	joy	synonym
synonym	negative	synonym
synonym	positive	synonym
synonym	sadness	synonym
synonym	surprise	synonym
synonym	trust	synonym
spike	anger	spike
spike	anticipation	spike
spike	disgust	spike
spike	fear	spike
spike	joy	spike
spike	negative	spike
spike	positive	spike
spike	sadness	spike
spike	surprise	spike
spike	trust	spike
cancer	anger	cáncer
cancer	anticipation	de cáncer
cancer	disgust	de cáncer
cancer	fear	de cáncer
cancer	joy	cáncer
cancer	negative	de cáncer
cancer	positive	de cáncer
cancer	sadness	de cáncer
cancer	surprise	vocalista
cancer	trust	de vocalista
vocalist	anger	de cáncer
vocalist	anticipation	de cáncer
vocalist	disgust	vocalista
vocalist	fear	de vocalista
vocalist	joy	de vocalista
vocalist	negative	de vocalista
vocalist	positive	vocalista
vocalist	sadness	de vocalista
vocalist	surprise	de vocalista
vocalist	trust	de vocalista
desecration	anger	desecration
desecration	anticipation	desecration
desecration	disgust	desecration
desecration	fear	desecration
desecration	joy	desecration
desecration	negative	desecration
desecration	positive	desecration
desecration	sadness	desecration
desecration	surprise	desecration
desecration	trust	desecration
folded	anger	plegó
folded	anticipation	plegado
folded	disgust	plegó
folded	fear	plegado
folded	joy	plegó
folded	negative	plegado
folded	positive	plegó
folded	sadness	plegado
folded	surprise	plegó
folded	trust	plegado
passe	anger	passe
passe	anticipation	passe
passe	disgust	passe
passe	fear	passe
passe	joy	passe
passe	negative	passe
passe	positive	passe
passe	sadness	passe
passe	surprise	passe
passe	trust	passe
aboard	anger	a bordo
aboard	anticipation	a bordo
aboard	disgust	a bordo
aboard	fear	a bordo
aboard	joy	a bordo
aboard	negative	a bordo
aboard	positive	a bordo
aboard	sadness	a bordo
aboard	surprise	a bordo
aboard	trust	a bordo
sumptuous	anger	sumptuous
sumptuous	anticipation	sumptuous
sumptuous	disgust	sumptuous
sumptuous	fear	sumptuous
sumptuous	joy	sumptuous
sumptuous	negative	sumptuous
sumptuous	positive	sumptuous
sumptuous	sadness	sumptuous
sumptuous	surprise	sumptuous
sumptuous	trust	sumptuous
ferocity	anger	ferocidad
ferocity	anticipation	de ferocidad
ferocity	disgust	de ferocidad
ferocity	fear	de ferocidad
ferocity	joy	ferocidad
ferocity	negative	de ferocidad
ferocity	positive	de ferocidad
ferocity	sadness	de ferocidad
ferocity	surprise	obstetricia
ferocity	trust	de obstetricia
obstetrics	anger	de ferocidad
obstetrics	anticipation	de ferocidad
obstetrics	disgust	obstetricia
obstetrics	fear	de obstetricia
obstetrics	joy	de obstetricia
obstetrics	negative	de obstetricia
obstetrics	positive	obstetricia
obstetrics	sadness	de obstetricia
obstetrics	surprise	de obstetricia
obstetrics	trust	de obstetricia
seventh	anger	séptimo
seventh	anticipation	séptimo
seventh	disgust	séptimo
seventh	fear	séptimo
seventh	joy	séptimo
seventh	negative	séptimo
seventh	positive	séptimo
seventh	sadness	séptimo
seventh	surprise	séptimo
seventh	trust	séptimo
gaunt	anger	gaunt
gaunt	anticipation	gaunt
gaunt	disgust	gaunt
gaunt	fear	gaunt
gaunt	joy	gaunt
gaunt	negative	gaunt
gaunt	positive	gaunt
gaunt	sadness	gaunt
gaunt	surprise	gaunt
gaunt	trust	gaunt
erosion	anger	erosión
erosion	anticipation	de erosión
erosion	disgust	de erosión
erosion	fear	de erosión
erosion	joy	erosión
erosion	negative	de erosión
erosion	positive	de erosión
erosion	sadness	de erosión
erosion	surprise	erosión
erosion	trust	de erosión
outright	anger	francamente
outright	anticipation	francamente
outright	disgust	francamente
outright	fear	francamente
outright	joy	francamente
outright	negative	francamente
outright	positive	francamente
outright	sadness	francamente
outright	surprise	francamente
outright	trust	francamente
criterion	anger	criterio
criterion	anticipation	de criterio
criterion	disgust	de criterio
criterion	fear	de criterio
criterion	joy	criterio
criterion	negative	de criterio
criterion	positive	de criterio
criterion	sadness	de criterio
criterion	surprise	acuerdo
criterion	trust	de acuerdo
agreement	anger	de criterio
agreement	anticipation	de criterio
agreement	disgust	acuerdo
agreement	fear	de acuerdo
agreement	joy	de acuerdo
agreement	negative	de acuerdo
agreement	positive	acuerdo
agreement	sadness	de acuerdo
agreement	surprise	de acuerdo
agreement	trust	de acuerdo
pungent	anger	penetrante
pungent	anticipation	penetrante
pungent	disgust	penetrante
pungent	fear	penetrante
pungent	joy	penetrante
pungent	negative	penetrante
pungent	positive	penetrante
pungent	sadness	penetrante
pungent	surprise	penetrante
pungent	trust	penetrante
generative	anger	generative
generative	anticipation	generative
generative	disgust	generative
generative	fear	generative
generative	joy	generative
generative	negative	generative
generative	positive	generative
generative	sadness	generative
generative	surprise	generative
generative	trust	generative
moored	anger	moored
moored	anticipation	moored
moored	disgust	moored
moored	fear	moored
moored	joy	moored
moored	negative	moored
moored	positive	moored
moored	sadness	moored
moored	surprise	moored
moored	trust	moored
prevent	anger	impedir
prevent	anticipation	impedir
prevent	disgust	impedir
prevent	fear	impedir
prevent	joy	impedir
prevent	negative	impedir
prevent	positive	impedir
prevent	sadness	impedir
prevent	surprise	impedir
prevent	trust	impedir
anger	anger	rabia
anger	anticipation	de rabia
anger	disgust	de rabia
anger	fear	de rabia
anger	joy	rabia
anger	negative	de rabia
anger	positive	de rabia
anger	sadness	de rabia
anger	surprise	astigmatismo
anger	trust	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	anger	de rabia
astigmatism	anticipation	de rabia
astigmatism	disgust	astigmatismo
astigmatism	fear	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	joy	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	negative	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	positive	astigmatismo
astigmatism	sadness	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	surprise	de astigmatismo
astigmatism	trust	de astigmatismo
golden	anger	dorado
golden	anticipation	dorado
golden	disgust	dorado
golden	fear	dorado
golden	joy	dorado
golden	negative	dorado
golden	positive	dorado
golden	sadness	masaje
golden	surprise	de masaje
golden	trust	dorado
massage	anger	dorado
massage	anticipation	dorado
massage	disgust	masaje
massage	fear	de masaje
massage	joy	de masaje
massage	negative	de masaje
massage	positive	masaje
massage	sadness	de masaje
massage	surprise	de masaje
massage	trust	de masaje
tendency	anger	tendencia
tendency	anticipation	de tendencia
tendency	disgust	de tendencia
tendency	fear	de tendencia
tendency	joy	tendencia
tendency	negative	de tendencia
tendency	positive	de tendencia
tendency	sadness	de tendencia
tendency	surprise	tendencia
tendency	trust	de tendencia
shunt	anger	shunt
shunt	anticipation	shunt
shunt	disgust	shunt
shunt	fear	shunt
shunt	joy	shunt
shunt	negative	shunt
shunt	positive	shunt
shunt	sadness	shunt
shunt	surprise	shunt
shunt	trust	shunt
deception	anger	engaño
deception	anticipation	de engaño
deception	disgust	de engaño
deception	fear	de engaño
deception	joy	engaño
deception	negative	de engaño
deception	positive	de engaño
deception	sadness	de engaño
deception	surprise	engaño
deception	trust	de engaño
snowball	anger	snowball
snowball	anticipation	snowball
snowball	disgust	snowball
snowball	fear	snowball
snowball	joy	snowball
snowball	negative	snowball
snowball	positive	snowball
snowball	sadness	snowball
snowball	surprise	snowball
snowball	trust	snowball
mainland	anger	mainland
mainland	anticipation	mainland
mainland	disgust	mainland
mainland	fear	mainland
mainland	joy	mainland
mainland	negative	mainland
mainland	positive	mainland
mainland	sadness	mainland
mainland	surprise	mainland
mainland	trust	mainland
stellar	anger	estelar
stellar	anticipation	estelar
stellar	disgust	estelar
stellar	fear	estelar
stellar	joy	estelar
stellar	negative	estelar
stellar	positive	estelar
stellar	sadness	estelar
stellar	surprise	estelar
stellar	trust	estelar
statuary	anger	statuary
statuary	anticipation	statuary
statuary	disgust	statuary
statuary	fear	statuary
statuary	joy	statuary
statuary	negative	statuary
statuary	positive	statuary
statuary	sadness	statuary
statuary	surprise	statuary
statuary	trust	statuary
beautify	anger	beautify
beautify	anticipation	beautify
beautify	disgust	beautify
beautify	fear	beautify
beautify	joy	beautify
beautify	negative	beautify
beautify	positive	beautify
beautify	sadness	beautify
beautify	surprise	beautify
beautify	trust	beautify
shorten	anger	acortar
shorten	anticipation	acortar
shorten	disgust	acortar
shorten	fear	acortar
shorten	joy	acortar
shorten	negative	acortar
shorten	positive	acortar
shorten	sadness	acortar
shorten	surprise	acortar
shorten	trust	acortar
abscess	anger	abscess
abscess	anticipation	abscess
abscess	disgust	abscess
abscess	fear	abscess
abscess	joy	abscess
abscess	negative	abscess
abscess	positive	abscess
abscess	sadness	abscess
abscess	surprise	abscess
abscess	trust	abscess
matrix	anger	matricial
matrix	anticipation	matricial
matrix	disgust	matricial
matrix	fear	matricial
matrix	joy	matricial
matrix	negative	matricial
matrix	positive	matricial
matrix	sadness	almohadilla
matrix	surprise	de almohadilla
matrix	trust	matricial
pad	anger	matricial
pad	anticipation	matricial
pad	disgust	almohadilla
pad	fear	de almohadilla
pad	joy	de almohadilla
pad	negative	de almohadilla
pad	positive	almohadilla
pad	sadness	de almohadilla
pad	surprise	de almohadilla
pad	trust	de almohadilla
collect	anger	recoge
collect	anticipation	recoger
collect	disgust	recoger
collect	fear	recoger
collect	joy	recoger
collect	negative	recoger
collect	positive	recoger
collect	sadness	recoger
collect	surprise	recoger
collect	trust	recoger
portico	anger	pórtico
portico	anticipation	de pórtico
portico	disgust	de pórtico
portico	fear	de pórtico
portico	joy	pórtico
portico	negative	de pórtico
portico	positive	de pórtico
portico	sadness	de pórtico
portico	surprise	pórtico
portico	trust	de pórtico
shot	anger	disparó
shot	anticipation	disparó
shot	disgust	el tiro
shot	fear	disparado
shot	joy	disparó
shot	negative	disparó
shot	positive	el tiro
shot	sadness	disparado
shot	surprise	disparó
shot	trust	campamento
camp	anger	de campamento
camp	anticipation	de campamento
camp	disgust	disparado
camp	fear	campamento
camp	joy	de campamento
camp	negative	de campamento
camp	positive	de campamento
camp	sadness	cita
camp	surprise	de campamento
camp	trust	de campamento
citation	anger	de campamento
citation	anticipation	cita
citation	disgust	de cita
citation	fear	de cita
citation	joy	de cita
citation	negative	cita
citation	positive	de cita
citation	sadness	de cita
citation	surprise	de cita
citation	trust	adversidad
adversity	anger	de adversidad
adversity	anticipation	de adversidad
adversity	disgust	de cita
adversity	fear	adversidad
adversity	joy	de adversidad
adversity	negative	de adversidad
adversity	positive	de adversidad
adversity	sadness	adversidad
adversity	surprise	de adversidad
adversity	trust	de la adversidad
madam	anger	madam
madam	anticipation	madam
madam	disgust	madam
madam	fear	madam
madam	joy	madam
madam	negative	madam
madam	positive	madam
madam	sadness	madam
madam	surprise	madam
madam	trust	madam
contaminate	anger	contaminar
contaminate	anticipation	contaminar
contaminate	disgust	contaminar
contaminate	fear	contaminar
contaminate	joy	contaminar
contaminate	negative	contaminar
contaminate	positive	contaminar
contaminate	sadness	contaminar
contaminate	surprise	contaminar
contaminate	trust	contaminar
junta	anger	junta
junta	anticipation	junta
junta	disgust	junta
junta	fear	junta
junta	joy	junta
junta	negative	junta
junta	positive	junta
junta	sadness	junta
junta	surprise	junta
junta	trust	junta
tartan	anger	tartan
tartan	anticipation	tartan
tartan	disgust	tartan
tartan	fear	tartan
tartan	joy	tartan
tartan	negative	tartan
tartan	positive	tartan
tartan	sadness	tartan
tartan	surprise	tartan
tartan	trust	tartan
igloo	anger	igloo
igloo	anticipation	igloo
igloo	disgust	igloo
igloo	fear	igloo
igloo	joy	igloo
igloo	negative	igloo
igloo	positive	igloo
igloo	sadness	igloo
igloo	surprise	igloo
igloo	trust	igloo
pedestrian	anger	pedestre
pedestrian	anticipation	pedestre
pedestrian	disgust	pedestre
pedestrian	fear	pedestre
pedestrian	joy	pedestre
pedestrian	negative	pedestre
pedestrian	positive	pedestre
pedestrian	sadness	degeneración
pedestrian	surprise	de degeneración
pedestrian	trust	pedestre
degeneration	anger	pedestre
degeneration	anticipation	pedestre
degeneration	disgust	degeneración
degeneration	fear	de degeneración
degeneration	joy	de degeneración
degeneration	negative	de degeneración
degeneration	positive	degeneración
degeneration	sadness	de degeneración
degeneration	surprise	de degeneración
degeneration	trust	de degeneración
lowlands	anger	lowlands
lowlands	anticipation	lowlands
lowlands	disgust	lowlands
lowlands	fear	lowlands
lowlands	joy	lowlands
lowlands	negative	lowlands
lowlands	positive	lowlands
lowlands	sadness	lowlands
lowlands	surprise	lowlands
lowlands	trust	lowlands
tension	anger	tensión
tension	anticipation	de tensión
tension	disgust	de tensión
tension	fear	de tensión
tension	joy	tensión
tension	negative	de tensión
tension	positive	de tensión
tension	sadness	de tensión
tension	surprise	tensión
tension	trust	de tensión que
dissenting	anger	disiente
dissenting	anticipation	disintiendo
dissenting	disgust	disintiendo
dissenting	fear	disintiendo
dissenting	joy	disintiendo
dissenting	negative	disintiendo
dissenting	positive	disintiendo
dissenting	sadness	disintiendo
dissenting	surprise	disintiendo
dissenting	trust	disintiendo
administrative	anger	administrativo
administrative	anticipation	administrativo
administrative	disgust	administrativo
administrative	fear	administrativo
administrative	joy	administrativo
administrative	negative	administrativo
administrative	positive	administrativo
administrative	sadness	administrativo
administrative	surprise	administrativo
administrative	trust	administrativo
uncooked	anger	crudo
uncooked	anticipation	crudo
uncooked	disgust	crudo
uncooked	fear	crudo
uncooked	joy	crudo
uncooked	negative	crudo
uncooked	positive	crudo
uncooked	sadness	tostada
uncooked	surprise	de tostada
uncooked	trust	cruda
toast	anger	cruda
toast	anticipation	cruda
toast	disgust	tostada
toast	fear	de tostada
toast	joy	de tostada
toast	negative	de tostada
toast	positive	tostada
toast	sadness	de tostada
toast	surprise	de tostada
toast	trust	de tostada
skewed	anger	sesgó
skewed	anticipation	sesgada
skewed	disgust	sesgó
skewed	fear	sesgado
skewed	joy	sesgó
skewed	negative	sesgado
skewed	positive	sesgó
skewed	sadness	sesgado
skewed	surprise	sesgó
skewed	trust	circo
circus	anger	de circo
circus	anticipation	de circo
circus	disgust	sesgado
circus	fear	circo
circus	joy	de circo
circus	negative	de circo
circus	positive	de circo
circus	sadness	circo
circus	surprise	de circo
circus	trust	del circo
manhood	anger	manhood
manhood	anticipation	manhood
manhood	disgust	manhood
manhood	fear	manhood
manhood	joy	manhood
manhood	negative	manhood
manhood	positive	manhood
manhood	sadness	manhood
manhood	surprise	manhood
manhood	trust	manhood
rigging	anger	aparejando
rigging	anticipation	aparejando
rigging	disgust	aparejando
rigging	fear	aparejando
rigging	joy	aparejando
rigging	negative	aparejando
rigging	positive	aparejando
rigging	sadness	aparejando
rigging	surprise	aparejando
rigging	trust	aparejando
blade	anger	hoja
blade	anticipation	de hoja
blade	disgust	de hoja
blade	fear	de hoja
blade	joy	hoja
blade	negative	de hoja
blade	positive	de hoja
blade	sadness	de hoja
blade	surprise	hoja
blade	trust	de hoja
preeminent	anger	preeminente
preeminent	anticipation	preeminente
preeminent	disgust	preeminente
preeminent	fear	preeminente
preeminent	joy	preeminente
preeminent	negative	preeminente
preeminent	positive	preeminente
preeminent	sadness	fondo
preeminent	surprise	de fondo
preeminent	trust	preeminente
fund	anger	preeminente
fund	anticipation	preeminente
fund	disgust	fondo
fund	fear	de fondo
fund	joy	de fondo
fund	negative	de fondo
fund	positive	fondo
fund	sadness	de fondo
fund	surprise	de fondo
fund	trust	de fondo
pink	anger	rosa
pink	anticipation	rosa
pink	disgust	rosa
pink	fear	rosa
pink	joy	rosa
pink	negative	rosa
pink	positive	rosa
pink	sadness	rosa
pink	surprise	rosa
pink	trust	rosa
azure	anger	azure
azure	anticipation	azure
azure	disgust	azure
azure	fear	azure
azure	joy	azure
azure	negative	azure
azure	positive	azure
azure	sadness	azure
azure	surprise	azure
azure	trust	azure
nichts	anger	nichts
nichts	anticipation	nichts
nichts	disgust	nichts
nichts	fear	nichts
nichts	joy	nichts
nichts	negative	nichts
nichts	positive	nichts
nichts	sadness	nichts
nichts	surprise	nichts
nichts	trust	nichts
fear	anger	miedo
fear	anticipation	de miedo
fear	disgust	de miedo
fear	fear	de miedo
fear	joy	miedo
fear	negative	de miedo
fear	positive	de miedo
fear	sadness	de miedo
fear	surprise	béisbol
fear	trust	de béisbol
baseball	anger	de miedo
baseball	anticipation	de miedo
baseball	disgust	béisbol
baseball	fear	de béisbol
baseball	joy	de béisbol
baseball	negative	de béisbol
baseball	positive	béisbol
baseball	sadness	de béisbol
baseball	surprise	de béisbol
baseball	trust	de béisbol
legally	anger	legalmente
legally	anticipation	legalmente
legally	disgust	legalmente
legally	fear	legalmente
legally	joy	legalmente
legally	negative	legalmente
legally	positive	legalmente
legally	sadness	legalmente
legally	surprise	legalmente
legally	trust	legalmente
undoubted	anger	indudable
undoubted	anticipation	indudable
undoubted	disgust	indudable
undoubted	fear	indudable
undoubted	joy	indudable
undoubted	negative	indudable
undoubted	positive	indudable
undoubted	sadness	indudable
undoubted	surprise	indudable
undoubted	trust	indudable
standing	anger	estando
standing	anticipation	estando
standing	disgust	estando
standing	fear	estando
standing	joy	estando
standing	negative	estando
standing	positive	estando
standing	sadness	estando
standing	surprise	estando
standing	trust	estando
vested	anger	vested
vested	anticipation	vested
vested	disgust	vested
vested	fear	vested
vested	joy	vested
vested	negative	vested
vested	positive	vested
vested	sadness	vested
vested	surprise	vested
vested	trust	vested
pensioner	anger	pensionista
pensioner	anticipation	de pensionista
pensioner	disgust	de pensionista
pensioner	fear	de pensionista
pensioner	joy	pensionista
pensioner	negative	de pensionista
pensioner	positive	de pensionista
pensioner	sadness	de pensionista
pensioner	surprise	heredera
pensioner	trust	de heredera
heiress	anger	de pensionista
heiress	anticipation	de pensionista
heiress	disgust	heredera
heiress	fear	de heredera
heiress	joy	de heredera
heiress	negative	de heredera
heiress	positive	heredera
heiress	sadness	de heredera
heiress	surprise	de heredera
heiress	trust	de heredera
bronco	anger	bronco
bronco	anticipation	bronco
bronco	disgust	bronco
bronco	fear	bronco
bronco	joy	bronco
bronco	negative	bronco
bronco	positive	bronco
bronco	sadness	bronco
bronco	surprise	bronco
bronco	trust	bronco
implantation	anger	implantación
implantation	anticipation	de implantación
implantation	disgust	de implantación
implantation	fear	de implantación
implantation	joy	implantación
implantation	negative	de implantación
implantation	positive	de implantación
implantation	sadness	de implantación
implantation	surprise	implantación
implantation	trust	de implantación
turntable	anger	turntable
turntable	anticipation	turntable
turntable	disgust	turntable
turntable	fear	turntable
turntable	joy	turntable
turntable	negative	turntable
turntable	positive	turntable
turntable	sadness	turntable
turntable	surprise	turntable
turntable	trust	turntable
tribune	anger	tribune
tribune	anticipation	tribune
tribune	disgust	tribune
tribune	fear	tribune
tribune	joy	tribune
tribune	negative	tribune
tribune	positive	tribune
tribune	sadness	tribune
tribune	surprise	tribune
tribune	trust	tribune
bookkeeping	anger	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	anticipation	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	disgust	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	fear	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	joy	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	negative	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	positive	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	sadness	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	surprise	bookkeeping
bookkeeping	trust	bookkeeping
evidence	anger	evidencia
evidence	anticipation	de evidencia
evidence	disgust	de evidencia
evidence	fear	de evidencia
evidence	joy	evidencia
evidence	negative	de evidencia
evidence	positive	de evidencia
evidence	sadness	de evidencia
evidence	surprise	evidencia
evidence	trust	de evidencia
opiate	anger	opiate
opiate	anticipation	opiate
opiate	disgust	opiate
opiate	fear	opiate
opiate	joy	opiate
opiate	negative	opiate
opiate	positive	opiate
opiate	sadness	opiate
opiate	surprise	opiate
opiate	trust	opiate
chatty	anger	chatty
chatty	anticipation	chatty
chatty	disgust	chatty
chatty	fear	chatty
chatty	joy	chatty
chatty	negative	chatty
chatty	positive	chatty
chatty	sadness	chatty
chatty	surprise	chatty
chatty	trust	chatty
flatness	anger	flatness
flatness	anticipation	flatness
flatness	disgust	flatness
flatness	fear	flatness
flatness	joy	flatness
flatness	negative	flatness
flatness	positive	flatness
flatness	sadness	flatness
flatness	surprise	flatness
flatness	trust	flatness
clef	anger	clef
clef	anticipation	clef
clef	disgust	clef
clef	fear	clef
clef	joy	clef
clef	negative	clef
clef	positive	clef
clef	sadness	clef
clef	surprise	clef
clef	trust	clef
precisely	anger	precisamente
precisely	anticipation	precisamente
precisely	disgust	precisamente
precisely	fear	precisamente
precisely	joy	precisamente
precisely	negative	precisamente
precisely	positive	precisamente
precisely	sadness	precisamente
precisely	surprise	precisamente
precisely	trust	precisamente
forewarned	anger	forewarned
forewarned	anticipation	forewarned
forewarned	disgust	forewarned
forewarned	fear	forewarned
forewarned	joy	forewarned
forewarned	negative	forewarned
forewarned	positive	forewarned
forewarned	sadness	forewarned
forewarned	surprise	forewarned
forewarned	trust	forewarned
hyacinth	anger	jacinto
hyacinth	anticipation	de jacinto
hyacinth	disgust	de jacinto
hyacinth	fear	de jacinto
hyacinth	joy	jacinto
hyacinth	negative	de jacinto
hyacinth	positive	de jacinto
hyacinth	sadness	de jacinto
hyacinth	surprise	jacinto
hyacinth	trust	de jacinto
tuck	anger	tuck
tuck	anticipation	tuck
tuck	disgust	tuck
tuck	fear	tuck
tuck	joy	tuck
tuck	negative	tuck
tuck	positive	tuck
tuck	sadness	tuck
tuck	surprise	tuck
tuck	trust	tuck
alimentation	anger	alimentation
alimentation	anticipation	alimentation
alimentation	disgust	alimentation
alimentation	fear	alimentation
alimentation	joy	alimentation
alimentation	negative	alimentation
alimentation	positive	alimentation
alimentation	sadness	alimentation
alimentation	surprise	alimentation
alimentation	trust	alimentation
corral	anger	corral
corral	anticipation	corral
corral	disgust	corral
corral	fear	corral
corral	joy	corral
corral	negative	corral
corral	positive	corral
corral	sadness	corral
corral	surprise	corral
corral	trust	corral
easy	anger	fácil
easy	anticipation	fácil
easy	disgust	fácil
easy	fear	fácil
easy	joy	fácil
easy	negative	fácil
easy	positive	fácil
easy	sadness	fácil
easy	surprise	fácil
easy	trust	fácil
coming	anger	venidero
coming	anticipation	venidero
coming	disgust	venidero
coming	fear	venidero
coming	joy	venidero
coming	negative	venidero
coming	positive	venidero
coming	sadness	venidero
coming	surprise	venidero
coming	trust	venidero
compulsory	anger	obligatorio
compulsory	anticipation	obligatorio
compulsory	disgust	obligatorio
compulsory	fear	obligatorio
compulsory	joy	obligatorio
compulsory	negative	obligatorio
compulsory	positive	obligatorio
compulsory	sadness	obligatorio
compulsory	surprise	obligatorio
compulsory	trust	obligatorio
lading	anger	lading
lading	anticipation	lading
lading	disgust	lading
lading	fear	lading
lading	joy	lading
lading	negative	lading
lading	positive	lading
lading	sadness	lading
lading	surprise	lading
lading	trust	lading
advancing	anger	adelantando
advancing	anticipation	adelantando
advancing	disgust	adelantando
advancing	fear	adelantando
advancing	joy	adelantando
advancing	negative	adelantando
advancing	positive	adelantando
advancing	sadness	adelantando
advancing	surprise	adelantando
advancing	trust	adelantando
stumble	anger	stumble
stumble	anticipation	stumble
stumble	disgust	stumble
stumble	fear	stumble
stumble	joy	stumble
stumble	negative	stumble
stumble	positive	stumble
stumble	sadness	stumble
stumble	surprise	stumble
stumble	trust	stumble
glacial	anger	glacial
glacial	anticipation	glacial
glacial	disgust	glacial
glacial	fear	glacial
glacial	joy	glacial
glacial	negative	glacial
glacial	positive	glacial
glacial	sadness	aumento
glacial	surprise	de aumento
glacial	trust	glacial
rise	anger	glacial
rise	anticipation	glacial
rise	disgust	aumento
rise	fear	de aumento
rise	joy	de aumento
rise	negative	de aumento
rise	positive	aumento
rise	sadness	de aumento
rise	surprise	de aumento
rise	trust	de aumento
caused	anger	causó
caused	anticipation	causado
caused	disgust	causó
caused	fear	causado
caused	joy	causó
caused	negative	causado
caused	positive	causó
caused	sadness	causado
caused	surprise	causó
caused	trust	causado
guesswork	anger	guesswork
guesswork	anticipation	guesswork
guesswork	disgust	guesswork
guesswork	fear	guesswork
guesswork	joy	guesswork
guesswork	negative	guesswork
guesswork	positive	guesswork
guesswork	sadness	guesswork
guesswork	surprise	guesswork
guesswork	trust	guesswork
intestinal	anger	intestinal
intestinal	anticipation	intestinal
intestinal	disgust	intestinal
intestinal	fear	intestinal
intestinal	joy	intestinal
intestinal	negative	intestinal
intestinal	positive	intestinal
intestinal	sadness	isomorfismo
intestinal	surprise	de isomorfismo
intestinal	trust	intestinal
isomorphism	anger	intestinal
isomorphism	anticipation	intestinal
isomorphism	disgust	isomorfismo
isomorphism	fear	de isomorfismo
isomorphism	joy	de isomorfismo
isomorphism	negative	de isomorfismo
isomorphism	positive	isomorfismo
isomorphism	sadness	de isomorfismo
isomorphism	surprise	de isomorfismo
isomorphism	trust	de isomorfismo
blindness	anger	ceguera
blindness	anticipation	de ceguera
blindness	disgust	de ceguera
blindness	fear	de ceguera
blindness	joy	ceguera
blindness	negative	de ceguera
blindness	positive	de ceguera
blindness	sadness	de ceguera
blindness	surprise	ceguera
blindness	trust	de ceguera
amass	anger	amasa
amass	anticipation	amasar
amass	disgust	amasar
amass	fear	amasar
amass	joy	amasar
amass	negative	amasar
amass	positive	amasar
amass	sadness	amasar
amass	surprise	amasar
amass	trust	amasar
craig	anger	craig
craig	anticipation	craig
craig	disgust	craig
craig	fear	craig
craig	joy	craig
craig	negative	craig
craig	positive	craig
craig	sadness	craig
craig	surprise	craig
craig	trust	craig
versatile	anger	versátil
versatile	anticipation	versátil
versatile	disgust	versátil
versatile	fear	versátil
versatile	joy	versátil
versatile	negative	versátil
versatile	positive	versátil
versatile	sadness	versátil
versatile	surprise	versátil
versatile	trust	versátil
outwards	anger	outwards
outwards	anticipation	outwards
outwards	disgust	outwards
outwards	fear	outwards
outwards	joy	outwards
outwards	negative	outwards
outwards	positive	outwards
outwards	sadness	outwards
outwards	surprise	outwards
outwards	trust	outwards
bother	anger	molestar
bother	anticipation	molestar
bother	disgust	molestar
bother	fear	molestar
bother	joy	molestar
bother	negative	molestar
bother	positive	molestar
bother	sadness	molestar
bother	surprise	molestar
bother	trust	molestar
mediocre	anger	mediocre
mediocre	anticipation	mediocre
mediocre	disgust	mediocre
mediocre	fear	mediocre
mediocre	joy	mediocre
mediocre	negative	mediocre
mediocre	positive	mediocre
mediocre	sadness	virulencia
mediocre	surprise	de virulencia
mediocre	trust	mediocre
virulence	anger	mediocre
virulence	anticipation	mediocre
virulence	disgust	virulencia
virulence	fear	de virulencia
virulence	joy	de virulencia
virulence	negative	de virulencia
virulence	positive	virulencia
virulence	sadness	de virulencia
virulence	surprise	de virulencia
virulence	trust	de virulencia
sir	anger	señor
sir	anticipation	de señor
sir	disgust	de señor
sir	fear	de señor
sir	joy	señor
sir	negative	de señor
sir	positive	de señor
sir	sadness	de señor
sir	surprise	señor
sir	trust	de señor
demonic	anger	demonic
demonic	anticipation	demonic
demonic	disgust	demonic
demonic	fear	demonic
demonic	joy	demonic
demonic	negative	demonic
demonic	positive	demonic
demonic	sadness	demonic
demonic	surprise	demonic
demonic	trust	demonic
critic	anger	crítico
critic	anticipation	de crítico
critic	disgust	de crítico
critic	fear	de crítico
critic	joy	crítico
critic	negative	de crítico
critic	positive	de crítico
critic	sadness	de crítico
critic	surprise	crítico
critic	trust	de crítico
heartburn	anger	heartburn
heartburn	anticipation	heartburn
heartburn	disgust	heartburn
heartburn	fear	heartburn
heartburn	joy	heartburn
heartburn	negative	heartburn
heartburn	positive	heartburn
heartburn	sadness	heartburn
heartburn	surprise	heartburn
heartburn	trust	heartburn
mermaid	anger	mermaid
mermaid	anticipation	mermaid
mermaid	disgust	mermaid
mermaid	fear	mermaid
mermaid	joy	mermaid
mermaid	negative	mermaid
mermaid	positive	mermaid
mermaid	sadness	mermaid
mermaid	surprise	mermaid
mermaid	trust	mermaid
outstretched	anger	outstretched
outstretched	anticipation	outstretched
outstretched	disgust	outstretched
outstretched	fear	outstretched
outstretched	joy	outstretched
outstretched	negative	outstretched
outstretched	positive	outstretched
outstretched	sadness	outstretched
outstretched	surprise	outstretched
outstretched	trust	outstretched
boast	anger	presumir
boast	anticipation	presumir
boast	disgust	presumir
boast	fear	presumir
boast	joy	presumir
boast	negative	presumir
boast	positive	presumir
boast	sadness	presumir
boast	surprise	presumir
boast	trust	presumir
siesta	anger	siesta
siesta	anticipation	siesta
siesta	disgust	siesta
siesta	fear	siesta
siesta	joy	siesta
siesta	negative	siesta
siesta	positive	siesta
siesta	sadness	siesta
siesta	surprise	siesta
siesta	trust	siesta
shank	anger	pierna
shank	anticipation	de pierna
shank	disgust	de pierna
shank	fear	de pierna
shank	joy	pierna
shank	negative	de pierna
shank	positive	de pierna
shank	sadness	de pierna
shank	surprise	pierna
shank	trust	de pierna
respectability	anger	respectability
respectability	anticipation	respectability
respectability	disgust	respectability
respectability	fear	respectability
respectability	joy	respectability
respectability	negative	respectability
respectability	positive	respectability
respectability	sadness	respectability
respectability	surprise	respectability
respectability	trust	respectability
conflict	anger	conflicto
conflict	anticipation	de conflicto
conflict	disgust	de conflicto
conflict	fear	de conflicto
conflict	joy	conflicto
conflict	negative	de conflicto
conflict	positive	de conflicto
conflict	sadness	de conflicto
conflict	surprise	conflicto
conflict	trust	de conflicto
indenture	anger	indenture
indenture	anticipation	indenture
indenture	disgust	indenture
indenture	fear	indenture
indenture	joy	indenture
indenture	negative	indenture
indenture	positive	indenture
indenture	sadness	indenture
indenture	surprise	indenture
indenture	trust	indenture
ruined	anger	arruinó
ruined	anticipation	arruinado
ruined	disgust	arruinó
ruined	fear	arruinado
ruined	joy	arruinó
ruined	negative	arruinado
ruined	positive	arruinó
ruined	sadness	arruinado
ruined	surprise	arruinó
ruined	trust	arruinado
cleavage	anger	cleavage
cleavage	anticipation	cleavage
cleavage	disgust	cleavage
cleavage	fear	cleavage
cleavage	joy	cleavage
cleavage	negative	cleavage
cleavage	positive	cleavage
cleavage	sadness	cleavage
cleavage	surprise	cleavage
cleavage	trust	cleavage
lake	anger	lago
lake	anticipation	de lago
lake	disgust	de lago
lake	fear	de lago
lake	joy	lago
lake	negative	de lago
lake	positive	de lago
lake	sadness	de lago
lake	surprise	lago
lake	trust	de lago
perdition	anger	perdition
perdition	anticipation	perdition
perdition	disgust	perdition
perdition	fear	perdition
perdition	joy	perdition
perdition	negative	perdition
perdition	positive	perdition
perdition	sadness	perdition
perdition	surprise	perdition
perdition	trust	perdition
pare	anger	pare
pare	anticipation	pare
pare	disgust	pare
pare	fear	pare
pare	joy	pare
pare	negative	pare
pare	positive	pare
pare	sadness	pare
pare	surprise	pare
pare	trust	pare
impassable	anger	impracticable
impassable	anticipation	impracticable
impassable	disgust	impracticable
impassable	fear	impracticable
impassable	joy	impracticable
impassable	negative	impracticable
impassable	positive	impracticable
impassable	sadness	impracticable
impassable	surprise	impracticable
impassable	trust	impracticable
rue	anger	rue
rue	anticipation	rue
rue	disgust	rue
rue	fear	rue
rue	joy	rue
rue	negative	rue
rue	positive	rue
rue	sadness	rue
rue	surprise	rue
rue	trust	rue
dial	anger	dial
dial	anticipation	de dial
dial	disgust	de dial
dial	fear	de dial
dial	joy	dial
dial	negative	de dial
dial	positive	de dial
dial	sadness	de dial
dial	surprise	argumentos
dial	trust	de argumentos
arguments	anger	de dial
arguments	anticipation	de dial
arguments	disgust	argumentos
arguments	fear	de argumentos
arguments	joy	de argumentos
arguments	negative	de argumentos
arguments	positive	argumentos
arguments	sadness	de argumentos
arguments	surprise	de argumentos
arguments	trust	de argumentos
tingle	anger	tingle
tingle	anticipation	tingle
tingle	disgust	tingle
tingle	fear	tingle
tingle	joy	tingle
tingle	negative	tingle
tingle	positive	tingle
tingle	sadness	tingle
tingle	surprise	tingle
tingle	trust	tingle
alertness	anger	alertness
alertness	anticipation	alertness
alertness	disgust	alertness
alertness	fear	alertness
alertness	joy	alertness
alertness	negative	alertness
alertness	positive	alertness
alertness	sadness	alertness
alertness	surprise	alertness
alertness	trust	alertness
ballroom	anger	ballroom
ballroom	anticipation	ballroom
ballroom	disgust	ballroom
ballroom	fear	ballroom
ballroom	joy	ballroom
ballroom	negative	ballroom
ballroom	positive	ballroom
ballroom	sadness	ballroom
ballroom	surprise	ballroom
ballroom	trust	ballroom
rejection	anger	rechazo
rejection	anticipation	de rechazo
rejection	disgust	de rechazo
rejection	fear	de rechazo
rejection	joy	rechazo
rejection	negative	de rechazo
rejection	positive	de rechazo
rejection	sadness	de rechazo
rejection	surprise	rechazo
rejection	trust	de rechazo
viper	anger	viper
viper	anticipation	viper
viper	disgust	viper
viper	fear	viper
viper	joy	viper
viper	negative	viper
viper	positive	viper
viper	sadness	viper
viper	surprise	viper
viper	trust	viper
rotary	anger	rotativo
rotary	anticipation	rotativo
rotary	disgust	rotativo
rotary	fear	rotativo
rotary	joy	rotativo
rotary	negative	rotativo
rotary	positive	rotativo
rotary	sadness	rotativo
rotary	surprise	rotativo
rotary	trust	rotativo
catalog	anger	catalogar
catalog	anticipation	catalogar
catalog	disgust	catalogar
catalog	fear	catalogar
catalog	joy	catalogar
catalog	negative	catalogar
catalog	positive	catalogar
catalog	sadness	catalogar
catalog	surprise	catalogar
catalog	trust	catalogar
expeditious	anger	expeditious
expeditious	anticipation	expeditious
expeditious	disgust	expeditious
expeditious	fear	expeditious
expeditious	joy	expeditious
expeditious	negative	expeditious
expeditious	positive	expeditious
expeditious	sadness	expeditious
expeditious	surprise	expeditious
expeditious	trust	expeditious
suite	anger	suite
suite	anticipation	suite
suite	disgust	suite
suite	fear	suite
suite	joy	suite
suite	negative	suite
suite	positive	suite
suite	sadness	suite
suite	surprise	suite
suite	trust	suite
residual	anger	residual
residual	anticipation	residual
residual	disgust	residual
residual	fear	residual
residual	joy	residual
residual	negative	residual
residual	positive	residual
residual	sadness	cuartos
residual	surprise	de cuartos
residual	trust	residuales
chambers	anger	residuales
chambers	anticipation	residuales
chambers	disgust	cuartos
chambers	fear	de cuartos
chambers	joy	de cuartos
chambers	negative	de cuartos
chambers	positive	cuartos
chambers	sadness	de cuartos
chambers	surprise	de cuartos
chambers	trust	de cuartos
audacious	anger	audaces
audacious	anticipation	audaces
audacious	disgust	audaces
audacious	fear	audaces
audacious	joy	audaces
audacious	negative	audaces
audacious	positive	audaces
audacious	sadness	audaces
audacious	surprise	audaces
audacious	trust	audaces
minivan	anger	minivan
minivan	anticipation	minivan
minivan	disgust	minivan
minivan	fear	minivan
minivan	joy	minivan
minivan	negative	minivan
minivan	positive	minivan
minivan	sadness	minivan
minivan	surprise	minivan
minivan	trust	minivan
heavenly	anger	celestiales
heavenly	anticipation	celestiales
heavenly	disgust	celestiales
heavenly	fear	celestiales
heavenly	joy	celestiales
heavenly	negative	celestiales
heavenly	positive	celestiales
heavenly	sadness	folleto
heavenly	surprise	de folleto
heavenly	trust	celestial
booklet	anger	celestial
booklet	anticipation	celestial
booklet	disgust	folleto
booklet	fear	de folleto
booklet	joy	de folleto
booklet	negative	de folleto
booklet	positive	folleto
booklet	sadness	de folleto
booklet	surprise	de folleto
booklet	trust	de folleto
architecture	anger	arquitectura
architecture	anticipation	de arquitectura
architecture	disgust	de arquitectura
architecture	fear	de arquitectura
architecture	joy	arquitectura
architecture	negative	de arquitectura
architecture	positive	de arquitectura
architecture	sadness	de arquitectura
architecture	surprise	arquitectura
architecture	trust	de arquitectura
dilation	anger	dilation
dilation	anticipation	dilation
dilation	disgust	dilation
dilation	fear	dilation
dilation	joy	dilation
dilation	negative	dilation
dilation	positive	dilation
dilation	sadness	dilation
dilation	surprise	dilation
dilation	trust	dilation
illegality	anger	ilegalidad
illegality	anticipation	de ilegalidad
illegality	disgust	de ilegalidad
illegality	fear	de ilegalidad
illegality	joy	ilegalidad
illegality	negative	de ilegalidad
illegality	positive	de ilegalidad
illegality	sadness	de ilegalidad
illegality	surprise	dinosaurio
illegality	trust	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	anger	de ilegalidad
dinosaur	anticipation	de ilegalidad
dinosaur	disgust	dinosaurio
dinosaur	fear	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	joy	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	negative	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	positive	dinosaurio
dinosaur	sadness	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	surprise	de dinosaurio
dinosaur	trust	de dinosaurio
clamp	anger	clamp
clamp	anticipation	clamp
clamp	disgust	clamp
clamp	fear	clamp
clamp	joy	clamp
clamp	negative	clamp
clamp	positive	clamp
clamp	sadness	clamp
clamp	surprise	clamp
clamp	trust	clamp
excavation	anger	excavación
excavation	anticipation	de excavación
excavation	disgust	de excavación
excavation	fear	de excavación
excavation	joy	excavación
excavation	negative	de excavación
excavation	positive	de excavación
excavation	sadness	de excavación
excavation	surprise	excavación
excavation	trust	de excavación
sloop	anger	sloop
sloop	anticipation	sloop
sloop	disgust	sloop
sloop	fear	sloop
sloop	joy	sloop
sloop	negative	sloop
sloop	positive	sloop
sloop	sadness	sloop
sloop	surprise	sloop
sloop	trust	sloop
rural	anger	rural
rural	anticipation	rural
rural	disgust	rural
rural	fear	rural
rural	joy	rural
rural	negative	rural
rural	positive	rural
rural	sadness	sexualidad
rural	surprise	de sexualidad
rural	trust	rural
sexuality	anger	rural
sexuality	anticipation	rural
sexuality	disgust	sexualidad
sexuality	fear	de sexualidad
sexuality	joy	de sexualidad
sexuality	negative	de sexualidad
sexuality	positive	sexualidad
sexuality	sadness	de sexualidad
sexuality	surprise	de sexualidad
sexuality	trust	de sexualidad
sap	anger	savia
sap	anticipation	de savia
sap	disgust	de savia
sap	fear	de savia
sap	joy	savia
sap	negative	de savia
sap	positive	de savia
sap	sadness	de savia
sap	surprise	savia
sap	trust	de savia
glimmer	anger	glimmer
glimmer	anticipation	glimmer
glimmer	disgust	glimmer
glimmer	fear	glimmer
glimmer	joy	glimmer
glimmer	negative	glimmer
glimmer	positive	glimmer
glimmer	sadness	glimmer
glimmer	surprise	glimmer
glimmer	trust	glimmer
rolling	anger	rodamiento
rolling	anticipation	de rodamiento
rolling	disgust	de rodamiento
rolling	fear	de rodamiento
rolling	joy	rodamiento
rolling	negative	de rodamiento
rolling	positive	de rodamiento
rolling	sadness	de rodamiento
rolling	surprise	el rodamiento que
rolling	trust	rueda
unnamed	anger	unnamed
unnamed	anticipation	unnamed
unnamed	disgust	unnamed
unnamed	fear	unnamed
unnamed	joy	unnamed
unnamed	negative	unnamed
unnamed	positive	unnamed
unnamed	sadness	unnamed
unnamed	surprise	unnamed
unnamed	trust	unnamed
intestate	anger	ab intestato
intestate	anticipation	ab intestato
intestate	disgust	ab intestato
intestate	fear	ab intestato
intestate	joy	ab intestato
intestate	negative	ab intestato
intestate	positive	ab intestato
intestate	sadness	ab intestato
intestate	surprise	ab intestato
intestate	trust	ab intestato
foreseen	anger	previsto
foreseen	anticipation	previsto
foreseen	disgust	previsto
foreseen	fear	previsto
foreseen	joy	previsto
foreseen	negative	previsto
foreseen	positive	previsto
foreseen	sadness	previsto
foreseen	surprise	previsto
foreseen	trust	previsto
fortitude	anger	fortitude
fortitude	anticipation	fortitude
fortitude	disgust	fortitude
fortitude	fear	fortitude
fortitude	joy	fortitude
fortitude	negative	fortitude
fortitude	positive	fortitude
fortitude	sadness	fortitude
fortitude	surprise	fortitude
fortitude	trust	fortitude
chute	anger	chute
chute	anticipation	chute
chute	disgust	chute
chute	fear	chute
chute	joy	chute
chute	negative	chute
chute	positive	chute
chute	sadness	chute
chute	surprise	chute
chute	trust	chute
blending	anger	blending
blending	anticipation	blending
blending	disgust	blending
blending	fear	blending
blending	joy	blending
blending	negative	blending
blending	positive	blending
blending	sadness	blending
blending	surprise	blending
blending	trust	blending
plumb	anger	aplomar
plumb	anticipation	aplomar
plumb	disgust	aplomar
plumb	fear	aplomar
plumb	joy	aplomar
plumb	negative	aplomar
plumb	positive	aplomar
plumb	sadness	aplomar
plumb	surprise	aplomar
plumb	trust	aplomar
traction	anger	tracción
traction	anticipation	de tracción
traction	disgust	de tracción
traction	fear	de tracción
traction	joy	tracción
traction	negative	de tracción
traction	positive	de tracción
traction	sadness	de tracción
traction	surprise	realeza
traction	trust	de realeza
royalty	anger	de tracción
royalty	anticipation	de tracción
royalty	disgust	realeza
royalty	fear	de realeza
royalty	joy	de realeza
royalty	negative	de realeza
royalty	positive	realeza
royalty	sadness	de realeza
royalty	surprise	de realeza
royalty	trust	de realeza
priority	anger	prioridad
priority	anticipation	de prioridad
priority	disgust	de prioridad
priority	fear	de prioridad
priority	joy	prioridad
priority	negative	de prioridad
priority	positive	de prioridad
priority	sadness	de prioridad
priority	surprise	iconografía
priority	trust	de iconografía
iconography	anger	de prioridad
iconography	anticipation	de prioridad
iconography	disgust	iconografía
iconography	fear	de iconografía
iconography	joy	de iconografía
iconography	negative	de iconografía
iconography	positive	iconografía
iconography	sadness	de iconografía
iconography	surprise	de iconografía
iconography	trust	de iconografía
misfortune	anger	desgracia
misfortune	anticipation	de desgracia
misfortune	disgust	de desgracia
misfortune	fear	de desgracia
misfortune	joy	desgracia
misfortune	negative	de desgracia
misfortune	positive	de desgracia
misfortune	sadness	de desgracia
misfortune	surprise	desgracia
misfortune	trust	de desgracia
arraignment	anger	arraignment
arraignment	anticipation	arraignment
arraignment	disgust	arraignment
arraignment	fear	arraignment
arraignment	joy	arraignment
arraignment	negative	arraignment
arraignment	positive	arraignment
arraignment	sadness	arraignment
arraignment	surprise	arraignment
arraignment	trust	arraignment
designation	anger	señalamiento
designation	anticipation	de señalamiento
designation	disgust	de señalamiento
designation	fear	de señalamiento
designation	joy	señalamiento
designation	negative	de señalamiento
designation	positive	de señalamiento
designation	sadness	de señalamiento
designation	surprise	señalamiento
designation	trust	de señalamiento
thorny	anger	thorny
thorny	anticipation	thorny
thorny	disgust	thorny
thorny	fear	thorny
thorny	joy	thorny
thorny	negative	thorny
thorny	positive	thorny
thorny	sadness	thorny
thorny	surprise	thorny
thorny	trust	thorny
wrapper	anger	wrapper
wrapper	anticipation	wrapper
wrapper	disgust	wrapper
wrapper	fear	wrapper
wrapper	joy	wrapper
wrapper	negative	wrapper
wrapper	positive	wrapper
wrapper	sadness	wrapper
wrapper	surprise	wrapper
wrapper	trust	wrapper
obscurity	anger	obscuridad
obscurity	anticipation	de obscuridad
obscurity	disgust	de obscuridad
obscurity	fear	de obscuridad
obscurity	joy	obscuridad
obscurity	negative	de obscuridad
obscurity	positive	de obscuridad
obscurity	sadness	de obscuridad
obscurity	surprise	resurrección
obscurity	trust	de resurrección
resurrection	anger	de obscuridad
resurrection	anticipation	de obscuridad
resurrection	disgust	resurrección
resurrection	fear	de resurrección
resurrection	joy	de resurrección
resurrection	negative	de resurrección
resurrection	positive	resurrección
resurrection	sadness	de resurrección
resurrection	surprise	de resurrección
resurrection	trust	de resurrección
unselfish	anger	unselfish
unselfish	anticipation	unselfish
unselfish	disgust	unselfish
unselfish	fear	unselfish
unselfish	joy	unselfish
unselfish	negative	unselfish
unselfish	positive	unselfish
unselfish	sadness	unselfish
unselfish	surprise	unselfish
unselfish	trust	unselfish
deposit	anger	depósito
deposit	anticipation	de depósito
deposit	disgust	de depósito
deposit	fear	de depósito
deposit	joy	depósito
deposit	negative	de depósito
deposit	positive	de depósito
deposit	sadness	de depósito
deposit	surprise	campo
deposit	trust	de campo
field	anger	de depósito
field	anticipation	de depósito
field	disgust	campo
field	fear	de campo
field	joy	de campo
field	negative	de campo
field	positive	campo
field	sadness	de campo
field	surprise	de campo
field	trust	de campo
artichoke	anger	alcachofa
artichoke	anticipation	de alcachofa
artichoke	disgust	de alcachofa
artichoke	fear	de alcachofa
artichoke	joy	alcachofa
artichoke	negative	de alcachofa
artichoke	positive	de alcachofa
artichoke	sadness	de alcachofa
artichoke	surprise	alcachofa
artichoke	trust	de alcachofa
musty	anger	musty
musty	anticipation	musty
musty	disgust	musty
musty	fear	musty
musty	joy	musty
musty	negative	musty
musty	positive	musty
musty	sadness	musty
musty	surprise	musty
musty	trust	musty
pantomime	anger	pantomima
pantomime	anticipation	de pantomima
pantomime	disgust	de pantomima
pantomime	fear	de pantomima
pantomime	joy	pantomima
pantomime	negative	de pantomima
pantomime	positive	de pantomima
pantomime	sadness	de pantomima
pantomime	surprise	trasplante
pantomime	trust	de trasplante
transplantation	anger	de pantomima
transplantation	anticipation	de pantomima
transplantation	disgust	trasplante
transplantation	fear	de trasplante
transplantation	joy	de trasplante
transplantation	negative	de trasplante
transplantation	positive	trasplante
transplantation	sadness	de trasplante
transplantation	surprise	de trasplante
transplantation	trust	de trasplante
adoration	anger	adoración
adoration	anticipation	de adoración
adoration	disgust	de adoración
adoration	fear	de adoración
adoration	joy	adoración
adoration	negative	de adoración
adoration	positive	de adoración
adoration	sadness	de adoración
adoration	surprise	mártir
adoration	trust	de mártir
martyr	anger	de adoración
martyr	anticipation	de adoración
martyr	disgust	mártir
martyr	fear	de mártir
martyr	joy	de mártir
martyr	negative	de mártir
martyr	positive	mártir
martyr	sadness	de mártir
martyr	surprise	de mártir
martyr	trust	de mártir
headway	anger	progreso
headway	anticipation	de progreso
headway	disgust	de progreso
headway	fear	de progreso
headway	joy	progreso
headway	negative	de progreso
headway	positive	de progreso
headway	sadness	de progreso
headway	surprise	valoración
headway	trust	de valoración
estimation	anger	de progreso
estimation	anticipation	de progreso
estimation	disgust	valoración
estimation	fear	de valoración
estimation	joy	de valoración
estimation	negative	de valoración
estimation	positive	valoración
estimation	sadness	de valoración
estimation	surprise	de valoración
estimation	trust	de valoración
peptic	anger	peptic
peptic	anticipation	peptic
peptic	disgust	peptic
peptic	fear	peptic
peptic	joy	peptic
peptic	negative	peptic
peptic	positive	peptic
peptic	sadness	peptic
peptic	surprise	peptic
peptic	trust	peptic
negro	anger	negro
negro	anticipation	negro
negro	disgust	negro
negro	fear	negro
negro	joy	negro
negro	negative	negro
negro	positive	negro
negro	sadness	negro
negro	surprise	negro
negro	trust	negro
cheer	anger	aclamar
cheer	anticipation	aclamar
cheer	disgust	aclamar
cheer	fear	aclamar
cheer	joy	aclamar
cheer	negative	aclamar
cheer	positive	aclamar
cheer	sadness	aclamar
cheer	surprise	aclamar
cheer	trust	aclamar
greater	anger	más grande
greater	anticipation	más grande
greater	disgust	más grande
greater	fear	más grande
greater	joy	más grande
greater	negative	más grande
greater	positive	más grande
greater	sadness	más grande
greater	surprise	más grande
greater	trust	más grande
caret	anger	caret
caret	anticipation	caret
caret	disgust	caret
caret	fear	caret
caret	joy	caret
caret	negative	caret
caret	positive	caret
caret	sadness	caret
caret	surprise	caret
caret	trust	caret
heterogeneity	anger	heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	anticipation	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	disgust	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	fear	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	joy	heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	negative	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	positive	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	sadness	de heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	surprise	heterogeneidad
heterogeneity	trust	de heterogeneidad
mir	anger	mir
mir	anticipation	mir
mir	disgust	mir
mir	fear	mir
mir	joy	mir
mir	negative	mir
mir	positive	mir
mir	sadness	mir
mir	surprise	mir
mir	trust	mir
degree	anger	grado
degree	anticipation	de grado
degree	disgust	de grado
degree	fear	de grado
degree	joy	grado
degree	negative	de grado
degree	positive	de grado
degree	sadness	de grado
degree	surprise	previsión
degree	trust	de previsión
foresight	anger	de grado
foresight	anticipation	de grado
foresight	disgust	previsión
foresight	fear	de previsión
foresight	joy	de previsión
foresight	negative	de previsión
foresight	positive	previsión
foresight	sadness	de previsión
foresight	surprise	de previsión
foresight	trust	de previsión
instigate	anger	instigate
instigate	anticipation	instigate
instigate	disgust	instigate
instigate	fear	instigate
instigate	joy	instigate
instigate	negative	instigate
instigate	positive	instigate
instigate	sadness	instigate
instigate	surprise	instigate
instigate	trust	instigate
compulsion	anger	compulsion
compulsion	anticipation	compulsion
compulsion	disgust	compulsion
compulsion	fear	compulsion
compulsion	joy	compulsion
compulsion	negative	compulsion
compulsion	positive	compulsion
compulsion	sadness	compulsion
compulsion	surprise	compulsion
compulsion	trust	compulsion
coinciding	anger	coincidiendo
coinciding	anticipation	coincidiendo
coinciding	disgust	coincidiendo
coinciding	fear	coincidiendo
coinciding	joy	coincidiendo
coinciding	negative	coincidiendo
coinciding	positive	coincidiendo
coinciding	sadness	coincidiendo
coinciding	surprise	coincidiendo
coinciding	trust	coincidiendo
butler	anger	butler
butler	anticipation	butler
butler	disgust	butler
butler	fear	butler
butler	joy	butler
butler	negative	butler
butler	positive	butler
butler	sadness	butler
butler	surprise	butler
butler	trust	butler
current	anger	actual
current	anticipation	actual
current	disgust	actual
current	fear	actual
current	joy	actual
current	negative	actual
current	positive	actual
current	sadness	actual
current	surprise	actual
current	trust	actual
leer	anger	leer
leer	anticipation	leer
leer	disgust	leer
leer	fear	leer
leer	joy	leer
leer	negative	leer
leer	positive	leer
leer	sadness	leer
leer	surprise	leer
leer	trust	leer
subcommittee	anger	subcommittee
subcommittee	anticipation	subcommittee
subcommittee	disgust	subcommittee
subcommittee	fear	subcommittee
subcommittee	joy	subcommittee
subcommittee	negative	subcommittee
subcommittee	positive	subcommittee
subcommittee	sadness	subcommittee
subcommittee	surprise	subcommittee
subcommittee	trust	subcommittee
poetry	anger	poesía
poetry	anticipation	de poesía
poetry	disgust	de poesía
poetry	fear	de poesía
poetry	joy	poesía
poetry	negative	de poesía
poetry	positive	de poesía
poetry	sadness	de poesía
poetry	surprise	borde
poetry	trust	de borde
edge	anger	de poesía
edge	anticipation	de poesía
edge	disgust	borde
edge	fear	de borde
edge	joy	de borde
edge	negative	de borde
edge	positive	borde
edge	sadness	de borde
edge	surprise	de borde
edge	trust	de borde
unsophisticated	anger	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	anticipation	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	disgust	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	fear	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	joy	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	negative	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	positive	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	sadness	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	surprise	unsophisticated
unsophisticated	trust	unsophisticated
secondhand	anger	de segunda mano
secondhand	anticipation	de segunda mano
secondhand	disgust	de segunda mano
secondhand	fear	de segunda mano
secondhand	joy	de segunda mano
secondhand	negative	de segunda mano
secondhand	positive	de segunda mano
secondhand	sadness	desglose
secondhand	surprise	de desglose
secondhand	trust	de segunda mano
breakdown	anger	de segunda mano
breakdown	anticipation	de segunda mano
breakdown	disgust	desglose
breakdown	fear	de desglose
breakdown	joy	de desglose
breakdown	negative	de desglose
breakdown	positive	desglose
breakdown	sadness	de desglose
breakdown	surprise	de desglose
breakdown	trust	de desglose
guess	anger	suposición
guess	anticipation	de suposición
guess	disgust	de suposición
guess	fear	de suposición
guess	joy	suposición
guess	negative	de suposición
guess	positive	de suposición
guess	sadness	de suposición
guess	surprise	suposición
guess	trust	de suposición que
celebrating	anger	celebra
celebrating	anticipation	celebrando
celebrating	disgust	celebrando
celebrating	fear	celebrando
celebrating	joy	celebrando
celebrating	negative	celebrando
celebrating	positive	celebrando
celebrating	sadness	celebrando
celebrating	surprise	celebrando
celebrating	trust	celebrando
ancient	anger	antiguo
ancient	anticipation	antiguo
ancient	disgust	antiguo
ancient	fear	antiguo
ancient	joy	antiguo
ancient	negative	antiguo
ancient	positive	antiguo
ancient	sadness	patio
ancient	surprise	de patio
ancient	trust	antiguo
yard	anger	antiguo
yard	anticipation	antiguo
yard	disgust	patio
yard	fear	de patio
yard	joy	de patio
yard	negative	de patio
yard	positive	patio
yard	sadness	de patio
yard	surprise	de patio
yard	trust	de patio
overgrown	anger	overgrown
overgrown	anticipation	overgrown
overgrown	disgust	overgrown
overgrown	fear	overgrown
overgrown	joy	overgrown
overgrown	negative	overgrown
overgrown	positive	overgrown
overgrown	sadness	overgrown
overgrown	surprise	overgrown
overgrown	trust	overgrown
humanities	anger	humanidades
humanities	anticipation	de humanidades
humanities	disgust	de humanidades
humanities	fear	de humanidades
humanities	joy	humanidades
humanities	negative	de humanidades
humanities	positive	de humanidades
humanities	sadness	de humanidades
humanities	surprise	humanidades
humanities	trust	de humanidades
inkling	anger	inkling
inkling	anticipation	inkling
inkling	disgust	inkling
inkling	fear	inkling
inkling	joy	inkling
inkling	negative	inkling
inkling	positive	inkling
inkling	sadness	inkling
inkling	surprise	inkling
inkling	trust	inkling
saddle	anger	sillín
saddle	anticipation	de sillín
saddle	disgust	de sillín
saddle	fear	de sillín
saddle	joy	sillín
saddle	negative	de sillín
saddle	positive	de sillín
saddle	sadness	de sillín
saddle	surprise	sillín
saddle	trust	de sillín
fib	anger	fib
fib	anticipation	fib
fib	disgust	fib
fib	fear	fib
fib	joy	fib
fib	negative	fib
fib	positive	fib
fib	sadness	fib
fib	surprise	fib
fib	trust	fib
catch	anger	coger
catch	anticipation	coger
catch	disgust	coger
catch	fear	coger
catch	joy	coger
catch	negative	coger
catch	positive	coger
catch	sadness	coger
catch	surprise	coger
catch	trust	coger
countdown	anger	cuenta atrás
countdown	anticipation	de cuenta atrás
countdown	disgust	de cuenta atrás
countdown	fear	de cuenta atrás
countdown	joy	cuenta atrás
countdown	negative	de cuenta atrás
countdown	positive	de cuenta atrás
countdown	sadness	de cuenta atrás
countdown	surprise	franqueza
countdown	trust	de franqueza
frankness	anger	de cuenta atrás
frankness	anticipation	de cuenta atrás
frankness	disgust	franqueza
frankness	fear	de franqueza
frankness	joy	de franqueza
frankness	negative	de franqueza
frankness	positive	franqueza
frankness	sadness	de franqueza
frankness	surprise	de franqueza
frankness	trust	de franqueza
conformity	anger	conformidad
conformity	anticipation	de conformidad
conformity	disgust	de conformidad
conformity	fear	de conformidad
conformity	joy	conformidad
conformity	negative	de conformidad
conformity	positive	de conformidad
conformity	sadness	de conformidad
conformity	surprise	conformidad
conformity	trust	de conformidad
teflon	anger	teflon
teflon	anticipation	teflon
teflon	disgust	teflon
teflon	fear	teflon
teflon	joy	teflon
teflon	negative	teflon
teflon	positive	teflon
teflon	sadness	teflon
teflon	surprise	teflon
teflon	trust	teflon
grain	anger	grano
grain	anticipation	de grano
grain	disgust	de grano
grain	fear	de grano
grain	joy	grano
grain	negative	de grano
grain	positive	de grano
grain	sadness	de grano
grain	surprise	grano
grain	trust	de grano
knapsack	anger	knapsack
knapsack	anticipation	knapsack
knapsack	disgust	knapsack
knapsack	fear	knapsack
knapsack	joy	knapsack
knapsack	negative	knapsack
knapsack	positive	knapsack
knapsack	sadness	knapsack
knapsack	surprise	knapsack
knapsack	trust	knapsack
talent	anger	talento
talent	anticipation	de talento
talent	disgust	de talento
talent	fear	de talento
talent	joy	talento
talent	negative	de talento
talent	positive	de talento
talent	sadness	de talento
talent	surprise	pelea
talent	trust	de pelea
quarrel	anger	de talento
quarrel	anticipation	de talento
quarrel	disgust	pelea
quarrel	fear	de pelea
quarrel	joy	de pelea
quarrel	negative	de pelea
quarrel	positive	pelea
quarrel	sadness	de pelea
quarrel	surprise	de pelea
quarrel	trust	de pelea
fun	anger	divertida
fun	anticipation	divertido
fun	disgust	divertido
fun	fear	divertido
fun	joy	divertido
fun	negative	divertido
fun	positive	divertido
fun	sadness	divertido
fun	surprise	divertido
fun	trust	divertido
subtlety	anger	subtlety
subtlety	anticipation	subtlety
subtlety	disgust	subtlety
subtlety	fear	subtlety
subtlety	joy	subtlety
subtlety	negative	subtlety
subtlety	positive	subtlety
subtlety	sadness	subtlety
subtlety	surprise	subtlety
subtlety	trust	subtlety
grange	anger	grange
grange	anticipation	grange
grange	disgust	grange
grange	fear	grange
grange	joy	grange
grange	negative	grange
grange	positive	grange
grange	sadness	grange
grange	surprise	grange
grange	trust	grange
rooster	anger	gallo
rooster	anticipation	de gallo
rooster	disgust	de gallo
rooster	fear	de gallo
rooster	joy	gallo
rooster	negative	de gallo
rooster	positive	de gallo
rooster	sadness	de gallo
rooster	surprise	gallo
rooster	trust	de gallo
recollection	anger	recollection
recollection	anticipation	recollection
recollection	disgust	recollection
recollection	fear	recollection
recollection	joy	recollection
recollection	negative	recollection
recollection	positive	recollection
recollection	sadness	recollection
recollection	surprise	recollection
recollection	trust	recollection
foal	anger	potro
foal	anticipation	de potro
foal	disgust	de potro
foal	fear	de potro
foal	joy	potro
foal	negative	de potro
foal	positive	de potro
foal	sadness	de potro
foal	surprise	potro
foal	trust	de potro que
destroying	anger	destruye
destroying	anticipation	destruyendo
destroying	disgust	destruyendo
destroying	fear	destruyendo
destroying	joy	destruyendo
destroying	negative	destruyendo
destroying	positive	destruyendo
destroying	sadness	destruyendo
destroying	surprise	destruyendo
destroying	trust	destruyendo
dispossessed	anger	dispossessed
dispossessed	anticipation	dispossessed
dispossessed	disgust	dispossessed
dispossessed	fear	dispossessed
dispossessed	joy	dispossessed
dispossessed	negative	dispossessed
dispossessed	positive	dispossessed
dispossessed	sadness	dispossessed
dispossessed	surprise	dispossessed
dispossessed	trust	dispossessed
uncommonly	anger	uncommonly
uncommonly	anticipation	uncommonly
uncommonly	disgust	uncommonly
uncommonly	fear	uncommonly
uncommonly	joy	uncommonly
uncommonly	negative	uncommonly
uncommonly	positive	uncommonly
uncommonly	sadness	uncommonly
uncommonly	surprise	uncommonly
uncommonly	trust	uncommonly
turbulent	anger	turbulento
turbulent	anticipation	turbulento
turbulent	disgust	turbulento
turbulent	fear	turbulento
turbulent	joy	turbulento
turbulent	negative	turbulento
turbulent	positive	turbulento
turbulent	sadness	ingle
turbulent	surprise	de ingle
turbulent	trust	turbulenta
groin	anger	turbulenta
groin	anticipation	turbulenta
groin	disgust	ingle
groin	fear	de ingle
groin	joy	de ingle
groin	negative	de ingle
groin	positive	ingle
groin	sadness	de ingle
groin	surprise	de ingle
groin	trust	de ingle
intolerable	anger	intolerable
intolerable	anticipation	intolerable
intolerable	disgust	intolerable
intolerable	fear	intolerable
intolerable	joy	intolerable
intolerable	negative	intolerable
intolerable	positive	intolerable
intolerable	sadness	intolerable
intolerable	surprise	intolerable
intolerable	trust	intolerable
tenfold	anger	tenfold
tenfold	anticipation	tenfold
tenfold	disgust	tenfold
tenfold	fear	tenfold
tenfold	joy	tenfold
tenfold	negative	tenfold
tenfold	positive	tenfold
tenfold	sadness	tenfold
tenfold	surprise	tenfold
tenfold	trust	tenfold
frontier	anger	frontera
frontier	anticipation	de frontera
frontier	disgust	de frontera
frontier	fear	de frontera
frontier	joy	frontera
frontier	negative	de frontera
frontier	positive	de frontera
frontier	sadness	de frontera
frontier	surprise	miembro
frontier	trust	de miembro
member	anger	de frontera
member	anticipation	de frontera
member	disgust	miembro
member	fear	de miembro
member	joy	de miembro
member	negative	de miembro
member	positive	miembro
member	sadness	de miembro
member	surprise	de miembro
member	trust	de miembro
attic	anger	ático
attic	anticipation	de ático
attic	disgust	de ático
attic	fear	de ático
attic	joy	ático
attic	negative	de ático
attic	positive	de ático
attic	sadness	de ático
attic	surprise	ático
attic	trust	de ático
lapel	anger	lapel
lapel	anticipation	lapel
lapel	disgust	lapel
lapel	fear	lapel
lapel	joy	lapel
lapel	negative	lapel
lapel	positive	lapel
lapel	sadness	lapel
lapel	surprise	lapel
lapel	trust	lapel
uninformed	anger	uninformed
uninformed	anticipation	uninformed
uninformed	disgust	uninformed
uninformed	fear	uninformed
uninformed	joy	uninformed
uninformed	negative	uninformed
uninformed	positive	uninformed
uninformed	sadness	uninformed
uninformed	surprise	uninformed
uninformed	trust	uninformed
confederate	anger	confederate
confederate	anticipation	confederate
confederate	disgust	confederate
confederate	fear	confederate
confederate	joy	confederate
confederate	negative	confederate
confederate	positive	confederate
confederate	sadness	confederate
confederate	surprise	confederate
confederate	trust	confederate
tailoring	anger	tailoring
tailoring	anticipation	tailoring
tailoring	disgust	tailoring
tailoring	fear	tailoring
tailoring	joy	tailoring
tailoring	negative	tailoring
tailoring	positive	tailoring
tailoring	sadness	tailoring
tailoring	surprise	tailoring
tailoring	trust	tailoring
bareback	anger	bareback
bareback	anticipation	bareback
bareback	disgust	bareback
bareback	fear	bareback
bareback	joy	bareback
bareback	negative	bareback
bareback	positive	bareback
bareback	sadness	bareback
bareback	surprise	bareback
bareback	trust	bareback
muddle	anger	muddle
muddle	anticipation	muddle
muddle	disgust	muddle
muddle	fear	muddle
muddle	joy	muddle
muddle	negative	muddle
muddle	positive	muddle
muddle	sadness	muddle
muddle	surprise	muddle
muddle	trust	muddle
computer	anger	ordenador
computer	anticipation	de ordenador
computer	disgust	de ordenador
computer	fear	de ordenador
computer	joy	ordenador
computer	negative	de ordenador
computer	positive	de ordenador
computer	sadness	de ordenador
computer	surprise	remiendo
computer	trust	de remiendo
patch	anger	de ordenador
patch	anticipation	de ordenador
patch	disgust	remiendo
patch	fear	de remiendo
patch	joy	de remiendo
patch	negative	de remiendo
patch	positive	remiendo
patch	sadness	de remiendo
patch	surprise	de remiendo
patch	trust	de remiendo
intentional	anger	intencionado
intentional	anticipation	intencionado
intentional	disgust	intencionado
intentional	fear	intencionado
intentional	joy	intencionado
intentional	negative	intencionado
intentional	positive	intencionado
intentional	sadness	brezo
intentional	surprise	de brezo
intentional	trust	intencionado
heath	anger	intencionado
heath	anticipation	intencionado
heath	disgust	brezo
heath	fear	de brezo
heath	joy	de brezo
heath	negative	de brezo
heath	positive	brezo
heath	sadness	de brezo
heath	surprise	de brezo
heath	trust	de brezo
disclaimer	anger	descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	anticipation	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	disgust	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	fear	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	joy	descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	negative	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	positive	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	sadness	de descargo de responsabilidad
disclaimer	surprise	exposición
disclaimer	trust	de exposición
exhibition	anger	de descargo de responsabilidad
exhibition	anticipation	de descargo de responsabilidad
exhibition	disgust	exposición
exhibition	fear	de exposición
exhibition	joy	de exposición
exhibition	negative	de exposición
exhibition	positive	exposición
exhibition	sadness	de exposición
exhibition	surprise	de exposición
exhibition	trust	de exposición
auspicious	anger	auspiciosa
auspicious	anticipation	auspicioso
auspicious	disgust	auspicioso
auspicious	fear	auspicioso
auspicious	joy	auspicioso
auspicious	negative	auspicioso
auspicious	positive	auspicioso
auspicious	sadness	auspicioso
auspicious	surprise	auspicioso
auspicious	trust	auspicioso
erect	anger	levantar
erect	anticipation	levantar
erect	disgust	levantar
erect	fear	levantar
erect	joy	levantar
erect	negative	levantar
erect	positive	levantar
erect	sadness	levantar
erect	surprise	levantar
erect	trust	levantar
evaluate	anger	evaluar
evaluate	anticipation	evaluar
evaluate	disgust	evaluar
evaluate	fear	evaluar
evaluate	joy	evaluar
evaluate	negative	evaluar
evaluate	positive	evaluar
evaluate	sadness	evaluar
evaluate	surprise	evaluar
evaluate	trust	evaluar
divergent	anger	divergente
divergent	anticipation	divergente
divergent	disgust	divergente
divergent	fear	divergente
divergent	joy	divergente
divergent	negative	divergente
divergent	positive	divergente
divergent	sadness	divergente
divergent	surprise	divergente
divergent	trust	divergente
dubious	anger	dubious
dubious	anticipation	dubious
dubious	disgust	dubious
dubious	fear	dubious
dubious	joy	dubious
dubious	negative	dubious
dubious	positive	dubious
dubious	sadness	dubious
dubious	surprise	dubious
dubious	trust	dubious
soulless	anger	soulless
soulless	anticipation	soulless
soulless	disgust	soulless
soulless	fear	soulless
soulless	joy	soulless
soulless	negative	soulless
soulless	positive	soulless
soulless	sadness	soulless
soulless	surprise	soulless
soulless	trust	soulless
engagement	anger	compromiso
engagement	anticipation	de compromiso
engagement	disgust	de compromiso
engagement	fear	de compromiso
engagement	joy	compromiso
engagement	negative	de compromiso
engagement	positive	de compromiso
engagement	sadness	de compromiso
engagement	surprise	admiración
engagement	trust	de admiración
admiration	anger	de compromiso
admiration	anticipation	de compromiso
admiration	disgust	admiración
admiration	fear	de admiración
admiration	joy	de admiración
admiration	negative	de admiración
admiration	positive	admiración
admiration	sadness	de admiración
admiration	surprise	de admiración
admiration	trust	de admiración
convenience	anger	comodidad
convenience	anticipation	de comodidad
convenience	disgust	de comodidad
convenience	fear	de comodidad
convenience	joy	comodidad
convenience	negative	de comodidad
convenience	positive	de comodidad
convenience	sadness	de comodidad
convenience	surprise	iluminación
convenience	trust	de iluminación
illumination	anger	de comodidad
illumination	anticipation	de comodidad
illumination	disgust	iluminación
illumination	fear	de iluminación
illumination	joy	de iluminación
illumination	negative	de iluminación
illumination	positive	iluminación
illumination	sadness	de iluminación
illumination	surprise	de iluminación
illumination	trust	de iluminación
violinist	anger	violinista
violinist	anticipation	de violinista
violinist	disgust	de violinista
violinist	fear	de violinista
violinist	joy	violinista
violinist	negative	de violinista
violinist	positive	de violinista
violinist	sadness	de violinista
violinist	surprise	violinista
violinist	trust	de violinista
banter	anger	banter
banter	anticipation	banter
banter	disgust	banter
banter	fear	banter
banter	joy	banter
banter	negative	banter
banter	positive	banter
banter	sadness	banter
banter	surprise	banter
banter	trust	banter
contractile	anger	contráctil
contractile	anticipation	contráctil
contractile	disgust	contráctil
contractile	fear	contráctil
contractile	joy	contráctil
contractile	negative	contráctil
contractile	positive	contráctil
contractile	sadness	hostilidades
contractile	surprise	de hostilidades
contractile	trust	contráctiles
hostilities	anger	contráctiles
hostilities	anticipation	contráctiles
hostilities	disgust	hostilidades
hostilities	fear	de hostilidades
hostilities	joy	de hostilidades
hostilities	negative	de hostilidades
hostilities	positive	hostilidades
hostilities	sadness	de hostilidades
hostilities	surprise	de hostilidades
hostilities	trust	de hostilidades
afraid	anger	temerosas
afraid	anticipation	temerosos
afraid	disgust	temerosos
afraid	fear	temerosos
afraid	joy	temerosos
afraid	negative	temerosos
afraid	positive	temerosos
afraid	sadness	temerosos
afraid	surprise	temerosos
afraid	trust	temerosos
exorcism	anger	exorcism
exorcism	anticipation	exorcism
exorcism	disgust	exorcism
exorcism	fear	exorcism
exorcism	joy	exorcism
exorcism	negative	exorcism
exorcism	positive	exorcism
exorcism	sadness	exorcism
exorcism	surprise	exorcism
exorcism	trust	exorcism
nowadays	anger	hoy en día
nowadays	anticipation	hoy en día
nowadays	disgust	hoy en día
nowadays	fear	hoy en día
nowadays	joy	hoy en día
nowadays	negative	hoy en día
nowadays	positive	hoy en día
nowadays	sadness	hoy en día
nowadays	surprise	hoy en día
nowadays	trust	hoy en día
depreciated	anger	depreció
depreciated	anticipation	depreciado
depreciated	disgust	depreció
depreciated	fear	depreciado
depreciated	joy	depreció
depreciated	negative	depreciado
depreciated	positive	depreció
depreciated	sadness	depreciado
depreciated	surprise	depreció
depreciated	trust	mostaza
mustard	anger	de mostaza
mustard	anticipation	de mostaza
mustard	disgust	depreciada
mustard	fear	mostaza
mustard	joy	de mostaza
mustard	negative	de mostaza
mustard	positive	de mostaza
mustard	sadness	mostaza
mustard	surprise	de mostaza
mustard	trust	de la mostaza
dummy	anger	dummy
dummy	anticipation	dummy
dummy	disgust	dummy
dummy	fear	dummy
dummy	joy	dummy
dummy	negative	dummy
dummy	positive	dummy
dummy	sadness	dummy
dummy	surprise	dummy
dummy	trust	dummy
rancid	anger	rancio
rancid	anticipation	rancio
rancid	disgust	rancio
rancid	fear	rancio
rancid	joy	rancio
rancid	negative	rancio
rancid	positive	rancio
rancid	sadness	rancio
rancid	surprise	rancio
rancid	trust	rancio
strengthen	anger	fortalecer
strengthen	anticipation	fortalecer
strengthen	disgust	fortalecer
strengthen	fear	fortalecer
strengthen	joy	fortalecer
strengthen	negative	fortalecer
strengthen	positive	fortalecer
strengthen	sadness	fortalecer
strengthen	surprise	fortalecer
strengthen	trust	fortalecer
pained	anger	pained
pained	anticipation	pained
pained	disgust	pained
pained	fear	pained
pained	joy	pained
pained	negative	pained
pained	positive	pained
pained	sadness	pained
pained	surprise	pained
pained	trust	pained
fortify	anger	fortalecer
fortify	anticipation	fortalecer
fortify	disgust	fortalecer
fortify	fear	fortalecer
fortify	joy	fortalecer
fortify	negative	fortalecer
fortify	positive	fortalecer
fortify	sadness	fortalecer
fortify	surprise	fortalecer
fortify	trust	fortalecer
irreducible	anger	irreductible
irreducible	anticipation	irreductible
irreducible	disgust	irreductible
irreducible	fear	irreductible
irreducible	joy	irreductible
irreducible	negative	irreductible
irreducible	positive	irreductible
irreducible	sadness	gatito
irreducible	surprise	de gatito
irreducible	trust	irreductible
kitten	anger	irreductible
kitten	anticipation	irreductible
kitten	disgust	gatito
kitten	fear	de gatito
kitten	joy	de gatito
kitten	negative	de gatito
kitten	positive	gatito
kitten	sadness	de gatito
kitten	surprise	de gatito
kitten	trust	de gatito
nestle	anger	nestle
nestle	anticipation	nestle
nestle	disgust	nestle
nestle	fear	nestle
nestle	joy	nestle
nestle	negative	nestle
nestle	positive	nestle
nestle	sadness	nestle
nestle	surprise	nestle
nestle	trust	nestle
sexy	anger	sexy
sexy	anticipation	sexy
sexy	disgust	sexy
sexy	fear	sexy
sexy	joy	sexy
sexy	negative	sexy
sexy	positive	sexy
sexy	sadness	sexy
sexy	surprise	sexy
sexy	trust	sexy
immutable	anger	inmutable
immutable	anticipation	inmutable
immutable	disgust	inmutable
immutable	fear	inmutable
immutable	joy	inmutable
immutable	negative	inmutable
immutable	positive	inmutable
immutable	sadness	zapatero
immutable	surprise	de zapatero
immutable	trust	inmutable
shoemaker	anger	inmutable
shoemaker	anticipation	inmutable
shoemaker	disgust	zapatero
shoemaker	fear	de zapatero
shoemaker	joy	de zapatero
shoemaker	negative	de zapatero
shoemaker	positive	zapatero
shoemaker	sadness	de zapatero
shoemaker	surprise	de zapatero
shoemaker	trust	de zapatero
nocturnal	anger	nocturno
nocturnal	anticipation	nocturno
nocturnal	disgust	nocturno
nocturnal	fear	nocturno
nocturnal	joy	nocturno
nocturnal	negative	nocturno
nocturnal	positive	nocturno
nocturnal	sadness	enfriamiento
nocturnal	surprise	de enfriamiento
nocturnal	trust	nocturno
cooling	anger	nocturno
cooling	anticipation	nocturno
cooling	disgust	enfriamiento
cooling	fear	de enfriamiento
cooling	joy	de enfriamiento
cooling	negative	de enfriamiento
cooling	positive	enfriamiento
cooling	sadness	de enfriamiento
cooling	surprise	del enfriamiento que
cooling	trust	enfría
excerpt	anger	excerpt
excerpt	anticipation	excerpt
excerpt	disgust	excerpt
excerpt	fear	excerpt
excerpt	joy	excerpt
excerpt	negative	excerpt
excerpt	positive	excerpt
excerpt	sadness	excerpt
excerpt	surprise	excerpt
excerpt	trust	excerpt
handsome	anger	guapo
handsome	anticipation	guapo
handsome	disgust	guapo
handsome	fear	guapo
handsome	joy	guapo
handsome	negative	guapo
handsome	positive	guapo
handsome	sadness	guapo
handsome	surprise	guapo
handsome	trust	guapo
tern	anger	tern
tern	anticipation	tern
tern	disgust	tern
tern	fear	tern
tern	joy	tern
tern	negative	tern
tern	positive	tern
tern	sadness	tern
tern	surprise	tern
tern	trust	tern
physicist	anger	físico
physicist	anticipation	de físico
physicist	disgust	de físico
physicist	fear	de físico
physicist	joy	físico
physicist	negative	de físico
physicist	positive	de físico
physicist	sadness	de físico
physicist	surprise	físico
physicist	trust	de físico
classical	anger	clásico
classical	anticipation	clásico
classical	disgust	clásico
classical	fear	clásico
classical	joy	clásico
classical	negative	clásico
classical	positive	clásico
classical	sadness	clásico
classical	surprise	clásico
classical	trust	clásico
vacuum	anger	vacuum
vacuum	anticipation	vacuum
vacuum	disgust	vacuum
vacuum	fear	vacuum
vacuum	joy	vacuum
vacuum	negative	vacuum
vacuum	positive	vacuum
vacuum	sadness	vacuum
vacuum	surprise	vacuum
vacuum	trust	vacuum
bunt	anger	bunt
bunt	anticipation	bunt
bunt	disgust	bunt
bunt	fear	bunt
bunt	joy	bunt
bunt	negative	bunt
bunt	positive	bunt
bunt	sadness	bunt
bunt	surprise	bunt
bunt	trust	bunt
cracking	anger	agrietando
cracking	anticipation	agrietando
cracking	disgust	agrietando
cracking	fear	agrietando
cracking	joy	agrietando
cracking	negative	agrietando
cracking	positive	agrietando
cracking	sadness	agrietando
cracking	surprise	agrietando
cracking	trust	agrietando
washout	anger	washout
washout	anticipation	washout
washout	disgust	washout
washout	fear	washout
washout	joy	washout
washout	negative	washout
washout	positive	washout
washout	sadness	washout
washout	surprise	washout
washout	trust	washout
ancestral	anger	ancestral
ancestral	anticipation	ancestral
ancestral	disgust	ancestral
ancestral	fear	ancestral
ancestral	joy	ancestral
ancestral	negative	ancestral
ancestral	positive	ancestral
ancestral	sadness	joyas
ancestral	surprise	de joyas
ancestral	trust	ancestrales
jewelry	anger	ancestrales
jewelry	anticipation	ancestrales
jewelry	disgust	joyas
jewelry	fear	de joyas
jewelry	joy	de joyas
jewelry	negative	de joyas
jewelry	positive	joyas
jewelry	sadness	de joyas
jewelry	surprise	de joyas
jewelry	trust	de joyas
baron	anger	barón
baron	anticipation	de barón
baron	disgust	de barón
baron	fear	de barón
baron	joy	barón
baron	negative	de barón
baron	positive	de barón
baron	sadness	de barón
baron	surprise	barón
baron	trust	de barón
contaminated	anger	contaminó
contaminated	anticipation	contaminado
contaminated	disgust	contaminó
contaminated	fear	contaminado
contaminated	joy	contaminó
contaminated	negative	contaminado
contaminated	positive	contaminó
contaminated	sadness	contaminado
contaminated	surprise	contaminó
contaminated	trust	artificio
artifice	anger	de artificio
artifice	anticipation	de artificio
artifice	disgust	contaminado
artifice	fear	artificio
artifice	joy	de artificio
artifice	negative	de artificio
artifice	positive	de artificio
artifice	sadness	artificio
artifice	surprise	de artificio
artifice	trust	del artificio
inalienable	anger	inalienable
inalienable	anticipation	inalienable
inalienable	disgust	inalienable
inalienable	fear	inalienable
inalienable	joy	inalienable
inalienable	negative	inalienable
inalienable	positive	inalienable
inalienable	sadness	prestatario
inalienable	surprise	de prestatario
inalienable	trust	inalienable
borrower	anger	inalienable
borrower	anticipation	inalienable
borrower	disgust	prestatario
borrower	fear	de prestatario
borrower	joy	de prestatario
borrower	negative	de prestatario
borrower	positive	prestatario
borrower	sadness	de prestatario
borrower	surprise	de prestatario
borrower	trust	de prestatario
diagram	anger	esquema
diagram	anticipation	de esquema
diagram	disgust	de esquema
diagram	fear	de esquema
diagram	joy	esquema
diagram	negative	de esquema
diagram	positive	de esquema
diagram	sadness	de esquema
diagram	surprise	esquema
diagram	trust	de esquema
exhaust	anger	agota
exhaust	anticipation	agotar
exhaust	disgust	agotar
exhaust	fear	agotar
exhaust	joy	agotar
exhaust	negative	agotar
exhaust	positive	agotar
exhaust	sadness	agotar
exhaust	surprise	agotar
exhaust	trust	agotar
everyday	anger	diario
everyday	anticipation	diario
everyday	disgust	diario
everyday	fear	diario
everyday	joy	diario
everyday	negative	diario
everyday	positive	diario
everyday	sadness	diario
everyday	surprise	diario
everyday	trust	diario
hart	anger	hart
hart	anticipation	hart
hart	disgust	hart
hart	fear	hart
hart	joy	hart
hart	negative	hart
hart	positive	hart
hart	sadness	hart
hart	surprise	hart
hart	trust	hart
sanity	anger	sanity
sanity	anticipation	sanity
sanity	disgust	sanity
sanity	fear	sanity
sanity	joy	sanity
sanity	negative	sanity
sanity	positive	sanity
sanity	sadness	sanity
sanity	surprise	sanity
sanity	trust	sanity
teeth	anger	dientes
teeth	anticipation	de dientes
teeth	disgust	de dientes
teeth	fear	de dientes
teeth	joy	dientes
teeth	negative	de dientes
teeth	positive	de dientes
teeth	sadness	de dientes
teeth	surprise	dientes
teeth	trust	de dientes
separately	anger	por separado
separately	anticipation	por separado
separately	disgust	por separado
separately	fear	por separado
separately	joy	por separado
separately	negative	por separado
separately	positive	por separado
separately	sadness	por separado
separately	surprise	por separado
separately	trust	por separado
accustomed	anger	acostumbró
accustomed	anticipation	acostumbrado
accustomed	disgust	acostumbró
accustomed	fear	acostumbrado
accustomed	joy	acostumbró
accustomed	negative	acostumbrado
accustomed	positive	acostumbró
accustomed	sadness	acostumbrado
accustomed	surprise	acostumbró
accustomed	trust	acostumbrado
gratuitous	anger	gratuitous
gratuitous	anticipation	gratuitous
gratuitous	disgust	gratuitous
gratuitous	fear	gratuitous
gratuitous	joy	gratuitous
gratuitous	negative	gratuitous
gratuitous	positive	gratuitous
gratuitous	sadness	gratuitous
gratuitous	surprise	gratuitous
gratuitous	trust	gratuitous
materiel	anger	materiel
materiel	anticipation	materiel
materiel	disgust	materiel
materiel	fear	materiel
materiel	joy	materiel
materiel	negative	materiel
materiel	positive	materiel
materiel	sadness	materiel
materiel	surprise	materiel
materiel	trust	materiel
prostitute	anger	prostituta
prostitute	anticipation	de prostituta
prostitute	disgust	de prostituta
prostitute	fear	de prostituta
prostitute	joy	prostituta
prostitute	negative	de prostituta
prostitute	positive	de prostituta
prostitute	sadness	de prostituta
prostitute	surprise	prostituta
prostitute	trust	de prostituta que
grinding	anger	muele
grinding	anticipation	moliendo
grinding	disgust	moliendo
grinding	fear	moliendo
grinding	joy	moliendo
grinding	negative	moliendo
grinding	positive	moliendo
grinding	sadness	moliendo
grinding	surprise	moliendo
grinding	trust	moliendo
scientific	anger	científico
scientific	anticipation	científico
scientific	disgust	científico
scientific	fear	científico
scientific	joy	científico
scientific	negative	científico
scientific	positive	científico
scientific	sadness	científico
scientific	surprise	científico
scientific	trust	científico
stationery	anger	stationery
stationery	anticipation	stationery
stationery	disgust	stationery
stationery	fear	stationery
stationery	joy	stationery
stationery	negative	stationery
stationery	positive	stationery
stationery	sadness	stationery
stationery	surprise	stationery
stationery	trust	stationery
chivalry	anger	caballerosidad
chivalry	anticipation	de caballerosidad
chivalry	disgust	de caballerosidad
chivalry	fear	de caballerosidad
chivalry	joy	caballerosidad
chivalry	negative	de caballerosidad
chivalry	positive	de caballerosidad
chivalry	sadness	de caballerosidad
chivalry	surprise	caballerosidad
chivalry	trust	de caballerosidad
annulus	anger	annulus
annulus	anticipation	annulus
annulus	disgust	annulus
annulus	fear	annulus
annulus	joy	annulus
annulus	negative	annulus
annulus	positive	annulus
annulus	sadness	annulus
annulus	surprise	annulus
annulus	trust	annulus
spherical	anger	esférico
spherical	anticipation	esférico
spherical	disgust	esférico
spherical	fear	esférico
spherical	joy	esférico
spherical	negative	esférico
spherical	positive	esférico
spherical	sadness	esférico
spherical	surprise	esférico
spherical	trust	esférico
additive	anger	aditivo
additive	anticipation	aditivo
additive	disgust	aditivo
additive	fear	aditivo
additive	joy	aditivo
additive	negative	aditivo
additive	positive	aditivo
additive	sadness	aditivo
additive	surprise	aditivo
additive	trust	aditivo
sauerkraut	anger	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	anticipation	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	disgust	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	fear	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	joy	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	negative	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	positive	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	sadness	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	surprise	sauerkraut
sauerkraut	trust	sauerkraut
angry	anger	enojado
angry	anticipation	enojado
angry	disgust	enojado
angry	fear	enojado
angry	joy	enojado
angry	negative	enojado
angry	positive	enojado
angry	sadness	enojado
angry	surprise	enojado
angry	trust	enojado
gent	anger	gent
gent	anticipation	gent
gent	disgust	gent
gent	fear	gent
gent	joy	gent
gent	negative	gent
gent	positive	gent
gent	sadness	gent
gent	surprise	gent
gent	trust	gent
blighted	anger	infestó
blighted	anticipation	infestado
blighted	disgust	infestó
blighted	fear	infestado
blighted	joy	infestó
blighted	negative	infestado
blighted	positive	infestó
blighted	sadness	infestado
blighted	surprise	infestó
blighted	trust	infestado
wily	anger	wily
wily	anticipation	wily
wily	disgust	wily
wily	fear	wily
wily	joy	wily
wily	negative	wily
wily	positive	wily
wily	sadness	wily
wily	surprise	wily
wily	trust	wily
ascend	anger	ascender
ascend	anticipation	ascender
ascend	disgust	ascender
ascend	fear	ascender
ascend	joy	ascender
ascend	negative	ascender
ascend	positive	ascender
ascend	sadness	ascender
ascend	surprise	ascender
ascend	trust	ascender
nobility	anger	nobleza
nobility	anticipation	de nobleza
nobility	disgust	de nobleza
nobility	fear	de nobleza
nobility	joy	nobleza
nobility	negative	de nobleza
nobility	positive	de nobleza
nobility	sadness	de nobleza
nobility	surprise	nobleza
nobility	trust	de nobleza
coiled	anger	enrolló
coiled	anticipation	enrollada
coiled	disgust	enrolló
coiled	fear	enrollado
coiled	joy	enrolló
coiled	negative	enrollado
coiled	positive	enrolló
coiled	sadness	enrollado
coiled	surprise	enrolló
coiled	trust	enrollado
defensible	anger	defensible
defensible	anticipation	defensible
defensible	disgust	defensible
defensible	fear	defensible
defensible	joy	defensible
defensible	negative	defensible
defensible	positive	defensible
defensible	sadness	defensible
defensible	surprise	defensible
defensible	trust	defensible
victimized	anger	victimized
victimized	anticipation	victimized
victimized	disgust	victimized
victimized	fear	victimized
victimized	joy	victimized
victimized	negative	victimized
victimized	positive	victimized
victimized	sadness	victimized
victimized	surprise	victimized
victimized	trust	victimized
skirting	anger	skirting
skirting	anticipation	skirting
skirting	disgust	skirting
skirting	fear	skirting
skirting	joy	skirting
skirting	negative	skirting
skirting	positive	skirting
skirting	sadness	skirting
skirting	surprise	skirting
skirting	trust	skirting
burlap	anger	burlap
burlap	anticipation	burlap
burlap	disgust	burlap
burlap	fear	burlap
burlap	joy	burlap
burlap	negative	burlap
burlap	positive	burlap
burlap	sadness	burlap
burlap	surprise	burlap
burlap	trust	burlap
reflex	anger	reflex
reflex	anticipation	reflex
reflex	disgust	reflex
reflex	fear	reflex
reflex	joy	reflex
reflex	negative	reflex
reflex	positive	reflex
reflex	sadness	reflex
reflex	surprise	reflex
reflex	trust	reflex
nab	anger	nab
nab	anticipation	nab
nab	disgust	nab
nab	fear	nab
nab	joy	nab
nab	negative	nab
nab	positive	nab
nab	sadness	nab
nab	surprise	nab
nab	trust	nab
disturbance	anger	alboroto
disturbance	anticipation	de alboroto
disturbance	disgust	de alboroto
disturbance	fear	de alboroto
disturbance	joy	alboroto
disturbance	negative	de alboroto
disturbance	positive	de alboroto
disturbance	sadness	de alboroto
disturbance	surprise	aerolínea
disturbance	trust	de aerolínea
airline	anger	de alboroto
airline	anticipation	de alboroto
airline	disgust	aerolínea
airline	fear	de aerolínea
airline	joy	de aerolínea
airline	negative	de aerolínea
airline	positive	aerolínea
airline	sadness	de aerolínea
airline	surprise	de aerolínea
airline	trust	de aerolínea
selfish	anger	egoísta
selfish	anticipation	egoísta
selfish	disgust	egoísta
selfish	fear	egoísta
selfish	joy	egoísta
selfish	negative	egoísta
selfish	positive	egoísta
selfish	sadness	egoísta
selfish	surprise	egoísta
selfish	trust	egoísta
closed	anger	cerró
closed	anticipation	cerrado
closed	disgust	cerró
closed	fear	cerrado
closed	joy	cerró
closed	negative	cerrado
closed	positive	cerró
closed	sadness	cerrado
closed	surprise	cerró
closed	trust	transposición
transposition	anger	de transposición
transposition	anticipation	de transposición
transposition	disgust	cerrada
transposition	fear	transposición
transposition	joy	de transposición
transposition	negative	de transposición
transposition	positive	de transposición
transposition	sadness	transposición
transposition	surprise	de transposición
transposition	trust	de la transposición que
surrendering	anger	se rinde
surrendering	anticipation	rindiéndose
surrendering	disgust	rindiéndose
surrendering	fear	rindiéndose
surrendering	joy	rindiéndose
surrendering	negative	rindiéndose
surrendering	positive	rindiéndose
surrendering	sadness	rindiéndose
surrendering	surprise	rindiéndose
surrendering	trust	rindiéndose
isothermal	anger	isotermo
isothermal	anticipation	isotermo
isothermal	disgust	isotermo
isothermal	fear	isotermo
isothermal	joy	isotermo
isothermal	negative	isotermo
isothermal	positive	isotermo
isothermal	sadness	isotermo
isothermal	surprise	isotermo
isothermal	trust	isotermo
porous	anger	poroso
porous	anticipation	poroso
porous	disgust	poroso
porous	fear	poroso
porous	joy	poroso
porous	negative	poroso
porous	positive	poroso
porous	sadness	puente
porous	surprise	de puente
porous	trust	poroso
bridge	anger	poroso
bridge	anticipation	poroso
bridge	disgust	puente
bridge	fear	de puente
bridge	joy	de puente
bridge	negative	de puente
bridge	positive	puente
bridge	sadness	de puente
bridge	surprise	de puente
bridge	trust	de puente
dexterity	anger	dexterity
dexterity	anticipation	dexterity
dexterity	disgust	dexterity
dexterity	fear	dexterity
dexterity	joy	dexterity
dexterity	negative	dexterity
dexterity	positive	dexterity
dexterity	sadness	dexterity
dexterity	surprise	dexterity
dexterity	trust	dexterity
grocer	anger	grocer
grocer	anticipation	grocer
grocer	disgust	grocer
grocer	fear	grocer
grocer	joy	grocer
grocer	negative	grocer
grocer	positive	grocer
grocer	sadness	grocer
grocer	surprise	grocer
grocer	trust	grocer
sty	anger	búho
sty	anticipation	de búho
sty	disgust	de búho
sty	fear	de búho
sty	joy	búho
sty	negative	de búho
sty	positive	de búho
sty	sadness	de búho
sty	surprise	búho
sty	trust	de búho
shuffling	anger	shuffling
shuffling	anticipation	shuffling
shuffling	disgust	shuffling
shuffling	fear	shuffling
shuffling	joy	shuffling
shuffling	negative	shuffling
shuffling	positive	shuffling
shuffling	sadness	shuffling
shuffling	surprise	shuffling
shuffling	trust	shuffling
choke	anger	choke
choke	anticipation	choke
choke	disgust	choke
choke	fear	choke
choke	joy	choke
choke	negative	choke
choke	positive	choke
choke	sadness	choke
choke	surprise	choke
choke	trust	choke
globe	anger	globo
globe	anticipation	de globo
globe	disgust	de globo
globe	fear	de globo
globe	joy	globo
globe	negative	de globo
globe	positive	de globo
globe	sadness	de globo
globe	surprise	globo
globe	trust	de globo
wasp	anger	wasp
wasp	anticipation	wasp
wasp	disgust	wasp
wasp	fear	wasp
wasp	joy	wasp
wasp	negative	wasp
wasp	positive	wasp
wasp	sadness	wasp
wasp	surprise	wasp
wasp	trust	wasp
ranch	anger	rancho
ranch	anticipation	de rancho
ranch	disgust	de rancho
ranch	fear	de rancho
ranch	joy	rancho
ranch	negative	de rancho
ranch	positive	de rancho
ranch	sadness	de rancho
ranch	surprise	rancho
ranch	trust	de rancho
cripple	anger	estropea
cripple	anticipation	estropear
cripple	disgust	estropear
cripple	fear	estropear
cripple	joy	estropear
cripple	negative	estropear
cripple	positive	estropear
cripple	sadness	estropear
cripple	surprise	estropear
cripple	trust	estropear
seniority	anger	seniority
seniority	anticipation	seniority
seniority	disgust	seniority
seniority	fear	seniority
seniority	joy	seniority
seniority	negative	seniority
seniority	positive	seniority
seniority	sadness	seniority
seniority	surprise	seniority
seniority	trust	seniority
international	anger	internacional
international	anticipation	internacional
international	disgust	internacional
international	fear	internacional
international	joy	internacional
international	negative	internacional
international	positive	internacional
international	sadness	arbitraje
international	surprise	de arbitraje
international	trust	internacional
arbitration	anger	internacional
arbitration	anticipation	internacional
arbitration	disgust	arbitraje
arbitration	fear	de arbitraje
arbitration	joy	de arbitraje
arbitration	negative	de arbitraje
arbitration	positive	arbitraje
arbitration	sadness	de arbitraje
arbitration	surprise	de arbitraje
arbitration	trust	de arbitraje
suspense	anger	suspenso
suspense	anticipation	de suspenso
suspense	disgust	de suspenso
suspense	fear	de suspenso
suspense	joy	suspenso
suspense	negative	de suspenso
suspense	positive	de suspenso
suspense	sadness	de suspenso
suspense	surprise	etimología
suspense	trust	de etimología
etymology	anger	de suspenso
etymology	anticipation	de suspenso
etymology	disgust	etimología
etymology	fear	de etimología
etymology	joy	de etimología
etymology	negative	de etimología
etymology	positive	etimología
etymology	sadness	de etimología
etymology	surprise	de etimología
etymology	trust	de etimología
immorality	anger	inmoralidad
immorality	anticipation	de inmoralidad
immorality	disgust	de inmoralidad
immorality	fear	de inmoralidad
immorality	joy	inmoralidad
immorality	negative	de inmoralidad
immorality	positive	de inmoralidad
immorality	sadness	de inmoralidad
immorality	surprise	inmoralidad
immorality	trust	de inmoralidad
sickness	anger	sickness
sickness	anticipation	sickness
sickness	disgust	sickness
sickness	fear	sickness
sickness	joy	sickness
sickness	negative	sickness
sickness	positive	sickness
sickness	sadness	sickness
sickness	surprise	sickness
sickness	trust	sickness
apparatus	anger	aparato
apparatus	anticipation	de aparato
apparatus	disgust	de aparato
apparatus	fear	de aparato
apparatus	joy	aparato
apparatus	negative	de aparato
apparatus	positive	de aparato
apparatus	sadness	de aparato
apparatus	surprise	aparato
apparatus	trust	de aparato que
dying	anger	muere
dying	anticipation	muriendo
dying	disgust	muriendo
dying	fear	muriendo
dying	joy	muriendo
dying	negative	muriendo
dying	positive	muriendo
dying	sadness	muriendo
dying	surprise	muriendo
dying	trust	muriendo
psychology	anger	psicología
psychology	anticipation	de psicología
psychology	disgust	de psicología
psychology	fear	de psicología
psychology	joy	psicología
psychology	negative	de psicología
psychology	positive	de psicología
psychology	sadness	de psicología
psychology	surprise	psicología
psychology	trust	de psicología
maneuvering	anger	maneuvering
maneuvering	anticipation	maneuvering
maneuvering	disgust	maneuvering
maneuvering	fear	maneuvering
maneuvering	joy	maneuvering
maneuvering	negative	maneuvering
maneuvering	positive	maneuvering
maneuvering	sadness	maneuvering
maneuvering	surprise	maneuvering
maneuvering	trust	maneuvering
unveil	anger	descubrir
unveil	anticipation	descubrir
unveil	disgust	descubrir
unveil	fear	descubrir
unveil	joy	descubrir
unveil	negative	descubrir
unveil	positive	descubrir
unveil	sadness	descubrir
unveil	surprise	descubrir
unveil	trust	descubrir
skillet	anger	skillet
skillet	anticipation	skillet
skillet	disgust	skillet
skillet	fear	skillet
skillet	joy	skillet
skillet	negative	skillet
skillet	positive	skillet
skillet	sadness	skillet
skillet	surprise	skillet
skillet	trust	skillet
attraction	anger	atracción
attraction	anticipation	de atracción
attraction	disgust	de atracción
attraction	fear	de atracción
attraction	joy	atracción
attraction	negative	de atracción
attraction	positive	de atracción
attraction	sadness	de atracción
attraction	surprise	litera
attraction	trust	de litera
bunk	anger	de atracción
bunk	anticipation	de atracción
bunk	disgust	litera
bunk	fear	de litera
bunk	joy	de litera
bunk	negative	de litera
bunk	positive	litera
bunk	sadness	de litera
bunk	surprise	de litera
bunk	trust	de litera
olive	anger	oliva
olive	anticipation	de oliva
olive	disgust	de oliva
olive	fear	de oliva
olive	joy	oliva
olive	negative	de oliva
olive	positive	de oliva
olive	sadness	de oliva
olive	surprise	razón
olive	trust	de razón
reason	anger	de oliva
reason	anticipation	de oliva
reason	disgust	razón
reason	fear	de razón
reason	joy	de razón
reason	negative	de razón
reason	positive	razón
reason	sadness	de razón
reason	surprise	de razón
reason	trust	de razón
notebook	anger	libreta
notebook	anticipation	de libreta
notebook	disgust	de libreta
notebook	fear	de libreta
notebook	joy	libreta
notebook	negative	de libreta
notebook	positive	de libreta
notebook	sadness	de libreta
notebook	surprise	libreta
notebook	trust	de libreta
parsimonious	anger	parsimonious
parsimonious	anticipation	parsimonious
parsimonious	disgust	parsimonious
parsimonious	fear	parsimonious
parsimonious	joy	parsimonious
parsimonious	negative	parsimonious
parsimonious	positive	parsimonious
parsimonious	sadness	parsimonious
parsimonious	surprise	parsimonious
parsimonious	trust	parsimonious
conditioned	anger	condicionó
conditioned	anticipation	condicionado
conditioned	disgust	condicionó
conditioned	fear	condicionado
conditioned	joy	condicionó
conditioned	negative	condicionado
conditioned	positive	condicionó
conditioned	sadness	condicionado
conditioned	surprise	condicionó
conditioned	trust	condicionado
conundrum	anger	conundrum
conundrum	anticipation	conundrum
conundrum	disgust	conundrum
conundrum	fear	conundrum
conundrum	joy	conundrum
conundrum	negative	conundrum
conundrum	positive	conundrum
conundrum	sadness	conundrum
conundrum	surprise	conundrum
conundrum	trust	conundrum
hurl	anger	abalanzar
hurl	anticipation	abalanzar
hurl	disgust	abalanzar
hurl	fear	abalanzar
hurl	joy	abalanzar
hurl	negative	abalanzar
hurl	positive	abalanzar
hurl	sadness	abalanzar
hurl	surprise	abalanzar
hurl	trust	abalanzar
jurist	anger	jurista
jurist	anticipation	de jurista
jurist	disgust	de jurista
jurist	fear	de jurista
jurist	joy	jurista
jurist	negative	de jurista
jurist	positive	de jurista
jurist	sadness	de jurista
jurist	surprise	suburbio
jurist	trust	de suburbio
suburb	anger	de jurista
suburb	anticipation	de jurista
suburb	disgust	suburbio
suburb	fear	de suburbio
suburb	joy	de suburbio
suburb	negative	de suburbio
suburb	positive	suburbio
suburb	sadness	de suburbio
suburb	surprise	de suburbio
suburb	trust	de suburbio
auction	anger	subasta
auction	anticipation	de subasta
auction	disgust	de subasta
auction	fear	de subasta
auction	joy	subasta
auction	negative	de subasta
auction	positive	de subasta
auction	sadness	de subasta
auction	surprise	subasta
auction	trust	de subasta
exude	anger	exude
exude	anticipation	exude
exude	disgust	exude
exude	fear	exude
exude	joy	exude
exude	negative	exude
exude	positive	exude
exude	sadness	exude
exude	surprise	exude
exude	trust	exude
buss	anger	buss
buss	anticipation	buss
buss	disgust	buss
buss	fear	buss
buss	joy	buss
buss	negative	buss
buss	positive	buss
buss	sadness	buss
buss	surprise	buss
buss	trust	buss
treasurer	anger	tesorero
treasurer	anticipation	de tesorero
treasurer	disgust	de tesorero
treasurer	fear	de tesorero
treasurer	joy	tesorero
treasurer	negative	de tesorero
treasurer	positive	de tesorero
treasurer	sadness	de tesorero
treasurer	surprise	tesorero
treasurer	trust	de tesorero
suddenly	anger	de repente
suddenly	anticipation	de repente
suddenly	disgust	de repente
suddenly	fear	de repente
suddenly	joy	de repente
suddenly	negative	de repente
suddenly	positive	de repente
suddenly	sadness	de repente
suddenly	surprise	de repente
suddenly	trust	de repente
probe	anger	sonda
probe	anticipation	de sonda
probe	disgust	de sonda
probe	fear	de sonda
probe	joy	sonda
probe	negative	de sonda
probe	positive	de sonda
probe	sadness	de sonda
probe	surprise	sonda
probe	trust	de sonda
achieve	anger	consigue
achieve	anticipation	conseguir
achieve	disgust	conseguir
achieve	fear	conseguir
achieve	joy	conseguir
achieve	negative	conseguir
achieve	positive	conseguir
achieve	sadness	conseguir
achieve	surprise	conseguir
achieve	trust	conseguir
labored	anger	labored
labored	anticipation	labored
labored	disgust	labored
labored	fear	labored
labored	joy	labored
labored	negative	labored
labored	positive	labored
labored	sadness	labored
labored	surprise	labored
labored	trust	labored
elevation	anger	elevación
elevation	anticipation	de elevación
elevation	disgust	de elevación
elevation	fear	de elevación
elevation	joy	elevación
elevation	negative	de elevación
elevation	positive	de elevación
elevation	sadness	de elevación
elevation	surprise	elevación
elevation	trust	de elevación
earthly	anger	terrenal
earthly	anticipation	terrenal
earthly	disgust	terrenal
earthly	fear	terrenal
earthly	joy	terrenal
earthly	negative	terrenal
earthly	positive	terrenal
earthly	sadness	terrenal
earthly	surprise	terrenal
earthly	trust	terrenal
approve	anger	aprobar
approve	anticipation	aprobar
approve	disgust	aprobar
approve	fear	aprobar
approve	joy	aprobar
approve	negative	aprobar
approve	positive	aprobar
approve	sadness	aprobar
approve	surprise	aprobar
approve	trust	aprobar
disagreement	anger	desacuerdo
disagreement	anticipation	de desacuerdo
disagreement	disgust	de desacuerdo
disagreement	fear	de desacuerdo
disagreement	joy	desacuerdo
disagreement	negative	de desacuerdo
disagreement	positive	de desacuerdo
disagreement	sadness	de desacuerdo
disagreement	surprise	ámbito
disagreement	trust	de ámbito
domain	anger	de desacuerdo
domain	anticipation	de desacuerdo
domain	disgust	ámbito
domain	fear	de ámbito
domain	joy	de ámbito
domain	negative	de ámbito
domain	positive	ámbito
domain	sadness	de ámbito
domain	surprise	de ámbito
domain	trust	de ámbito
scape	anger	scape
scape	anticipation	scape
scape	disgust	scape
scape	fear	scape
scape	joy	scape
scape	negative	scape
scape	positive	scape
scape	sadness	scape
scape	surprise	scape
scape	trust	scape
production	anger	producción
production	anticipation	de producción
production	disgust	de producción
production	fear	de producción
production	joy	producción
production	negative	de producción
production	positive	de producción
production	sadness	de producción
production	surprise	producción
production	trust	de producción
heyday	anger	heyday
heyday	anticipation	heyday
heyday	disgust	heyday
heyday	fear	heyday
heyday	joy	heyday
heyday	negative	heyday
heyday	positive	heyday
heyday	sadness	heyday
heyday	surprise	heyday
heyday	trust	heyday
demanding	anger	exigente
demanding	anticipation	exigente
demanding	disgust	exigente
demanding	fear	exigente
demanding	joy	exigente
demanding	negative	exigente
demanding	positive	exigente
demanding	sadness	relámpago
demanding	surprise	de relámpago
demanding	trust	exigente
lightning	anger	exigente
lightning	anticipation	exigente
lightning	disgust	relámpago
lightning	fear	de relámpago
lightning	joy	de relámpago
lightning	negative	de relámpago
lightning	positive	relámpago
lightning	sadness	de relámpago
lightning	surprise	de relámpago
lightning	trust	de relámpago
skipper	anger	skipper
skipper	anticipation	skipper
skipper	disgust	skipper
skipper	fear	skipper
skipper	joy	skipper
skipper	negative	skipper
skipper	positive	skipper
skipper	sadness	skipper
skipper	surprise	skipper
skipper	trust	skipper
disparaging	anger	disparaging
disparaging	anticipation	disparaging
disparaging	disgust	disparaging
disparaging	fear	disparaging
disparaging	joy	disparaging
disparaging	negative	disparaging
disparaging	positive	disparaging
disparaging	sadness	disparaging
disparaging	surprise	disparaging
disparaging	trust	disparaging
scrabble	anger	scrabble
scrabble	anticipation	scrabble
scrabble	disgust	scrabble
scrabble	fear	scrabble
scrabble	joy	scrabble
scrabble	negative	scrabble
scrabble	positive	scrabble
scrabble	sadness	scrabble
scrabble	surprise	scrabble
scrabble	trust	scrabble
censure	anger	censure
censure	anticipation	censure
censure	disgust	censure
censure	fear	censure
censure	joy	censure
censure	negative	censure
censure	positive	censure
censure	sadness	censure
censure	surprise	censure
censure	trust	censure
loot	anger	loot
loot	anticipation	loot
loot	disgust	loot
loot	fear	loot
loot	joy	loot
loot	negative	loot
loot	positive	loot
loot	sadness	loot
loot	surprise	loot
loot	trust	loot
limousine	anger	limusina
limousine	anticipation	de limusina
limousine	disgust	de limusina
limousine	fear	de limusina
limousine	joy	limusina
limousine	negative	de limusina
limousine	positive	de limusina
limousine	sadness	de limusina
limousine	surprise	limusina
limousine	trust	de limusina
eloquent	anger	eloquent
eloquent	anticipation	eloquent
eloquent	disgust	eloquent
eloquent	fear	eloquent
eloquent	joy	eloquent
eloquent	negative	eloquent
eloquent	positive	eloquent
eloquent	sadness	eloquent
eloquent	surprise	eloquent
eloquent	trust	eloquent
rudimentary	anger	rudimentario
rudimentary	anticipation	rudimentario
rudimentary	disgust	rudimentario
rudimentary	fear	rudimentario
rudimentary	joy	rudimentario
rudimentary	negative	rudimentario
rudimentary	positive	rudimentario
rudimentary	sadness	rudimentario
rudimentary	surprise	rudimentario
rudimentary	trust	rudimentario
gradual	anger	gradual
gradual	anticipation	gradual
gradual	disgust	gradual
gradual	fear	gradual
gradual	joy	gradual
gradual	negative	gradual
gradual	positive	gradual
gradual	sadness	gradual
gradual	surprise	gradual
gradual	trust	gradual
lapsed	anger	lapsed
lapsed	anticipation	lapsed
lapsed	disgust	lapsed
lapsed	fear	lapsed
lapsed	joy	lapsed
lapsed	negative	lapsed
lapsed	positive	lapsed
lapsed	sadness	lapsed
lapsed	surprise	lapsed
lapsed	trust	lapsed
memoir	anger	memoir
memoir	anticipation	memoir
memoir	disgust	memoir
memoir	fear	memoir
memoir	joy	memoir
memoir	negative	memoir
memoir	positive	memoir
memoir	sadness	memoir
memoir	surprise	memoir
memoir	trust	memoir
posterior	anger	posterior
posterior	anticipation	posterior
posterior	disgust	posterior
posterior	fear	posterior
posterior	joy	posterior
posterior	negative	posterior
posterior	positive	posterior
posterior	sadness	posterior
posterior	surprise	posterior
posterior	trust	posterior
subtract	anger	restar
subtract	anticipation	restar
subtract	disgust	restar
subtract	fear	restar
subtract	joy	restar
subtract	negative	restar
subtract	positive	restar
subtract	sadness	restar
subtract	surprise	restar
subtract	trust	restar
prematurely	anger	prematuramente
prematurely	anticipation	prematuramente
prematurely	disgust	prematuramente
prematurely	fear	prematuramente
prematurely	joy	prematuramente
prematurely	negative	prematuramente
prematurely	positive	prematuramente
prematurely	sadness	prematuramente
prematurely	surprise	prematuramente
prematurely	trust	prematuramente
assist	anger	asistir
assist	anticipation	asistir
assist	disgust	asistir
assist	fear	asistir
assist	joy	asistir
assist	negative	asistir
assist	positive	asistir
assist	sadness	asistir
assist	surprise	asistir
assist	trust	asistir
telescopic	anger	telescópico
telescopic	anticipation	telescópico
telescopic	disgust	telescópico
telescopic	fear	telescópico
telescopic	joy	telescópico
telescopic	negative	telescópico
telescopic	positive	telescópico
telescopic	sadness	vinagre
telescopic	surprise	de vinagre
telescopic	trust	telescópico
vinegar	anger	telescópico
vinegar	anticipation	telescópico
vinegar	disgust	vinagre
vinegar	fear	de vinagre
vinegar	joy	de vinagre
vinegar	negative	de vinagre
vinegar	positive	vinagre
vinegar	sadness	de vinagre
vinegar	surprise	de vinagre
vinegar	trust	de vinagre
impurity	anger	impureza
impurity	anticipation	de impureza
impurity	disgust	de impureza
impurity	fear	de impureza
impurity	joy	impureza
impurity	negative	de impureza
impurity	positive	de impureza
impurity	sadness	de impureza
impurity	surprise	impureza
impurity	trust	de impureza
inactive	anger	inactive
inactive	anticipation	inactive
inactive	disgust	inactive
inactive	fear	inactive
inactive	joy	inactive
inactive	negative	inactive
inactive	positive	inactive
inactive	sadness	inactive
inactive	surprise	inactive
inactive	trust	inactive
metrology	anger	metrología
metrology	anticipation	de metrología
metrology	disgust	de metrología
metrology	fear	de metrología
metrology	joy	metrología
metrology	negative	de metrología
metrology	positive	de metrología
metrology	sadness	de metrología
metrology	surprise	metrología
metrology	trust	de metrología
fluted	anger	fluted
fluted	anticipation	fluted
fluted	disgust	fluted
fluted	fear	fluted
fluted	joy	fluted
fluted	negative	fluted
fluted	positive	fluted
fluted	sadness	fluted
fluted	surprise	fluted
fluted	trust	fluted
pewter	anger	pewter
pewter	anticipation	pewter
pewter	disgust	pewter
pewter	fear	pewter
pewter	joy	pewter
pewter	negative	pewter
pewter	positive	pewter
pewter	sadness	pewter
pewter	surprise	pewter
pewter	trust	pewter
mud	anger	barro
mud	anticipation	de barro
mud	disgust	de barro
mud	fear	de barro
mud	joy	barro
mud	negative	de barro
mud	positive	de barro
mud	sadness	de barro
mud	surprise	barro
mud	trust	de barro
cleverness	anger	cleverness
cleverness	anticipation	cleverness
cleverness	disgust	cleverness
cleverness	fear	cleverness
cleverness	joy	cleverness
cleverness	negative	cleverness
cleverness	positive	cleverness
cleverness	sadness	cleverness
cleverness	surprise	cleverness
cleverness	trust	cleverness
nether	anger	nether
nether	anticipation	nether
nether	disgust	nether
nether	fear	nether
nether	joy	nether
nether	negative	nether
nether	positive	nether
nether	sadness	nether
nether	surprise	nether
nether	trust	nether
resin	anger	resina
resin	anticipation	de resina
resin	disgust	de resina
resin	fear	de resina
resin	joy	resina
resin	negative	de resina
resin	positive	de resina
resin	sadness	de resina
resin	surprise	firmamento
resin	trust	de firmamento
firmament	anger	de resina
firmament	anticipation	de resina
firmament	disgust	firmamento
firmament	fear	de firmamento
firmament	joy	de firmamento
firmament	negative	de firmamento
firmament	positive	firmamento
firmament	sadness	de firmamento
firmament	surprise	de firmamento
firmament	trust	de firmamento
complying	anger	complying
complying	anticipation	complying
complying	disgust	complying
complying	fear	complying
complying	joy	complying
complying	negative	complying
complying	positive	complying
complying	sadness	complying
complying	surprise	complying
complying	trust	complying
pollution	anger	contaminación
pollution	anticipation	de contaminación
pollution	disgust	de contaminación
pollution	fear	de contaminación
pollution	joy	contaminación
pollution	negative	de contaminación
pollution	positive	de contaminación
pollution	sadness	de contaminación
pollution	surprise	contaminación
pollution	trust	de contaminación
alter	anger	altera
alter	anticipation	alterar
alter	disgust	alterar
alter	fear	alterar
alter	joy	alterar
alter	negative	alterar
alter	positive	alterar
alter	sadness	alterar
alter	surprise	alterar
alter	trust	alterar
blindfolded	anger	blindfolded
blindfolded	anticipation	blindfolded
blindfolded	disgust	blindfolded
blindfolded	fear	blindfolded
blindfolded	joy	blindfolded
blindfolded	negative	blindfolded
blindfolded	positive	blindfolded
blindfolded	sadness	blindfolded
blindfolded	surprise	blindfolded
blindfolded	trust	blindfolded
silt	anger	limo
silt	anticipation	de limo
silt	disgust	de limo
silt	fear	de limo
silt	joy	limo
silt	negative	de limo
silt	positive	de limo
silt	sadness	de limo
silt	surprise	limo
silt	trust	de limo
scrimmage	anger	scrimmage
scrimmage	anticipation	scrimmage
scrimmage	disgust	scrimmage
scrimmage	fear	scrimmage
scrimmage	joy	scrimmage
scrimmage	negative	scrimmage
scrimmage	positive	scrimmage
scrimmage	sadness	scrimmage
scrimmage	surprise	scrimmage
scrimmage	trust	scrimmage
avenger	anger	avenger
avenger	anticipation	avenger
avenger	disgust	avenger
avenger	fear	avenger
avenger	joy	avenger
avenger	negative	avenger
avenger	positive	avenger
avenger	sadness	avenger
avenger	surprise	avenger
avenger	trust	avenger
mouthpiece	anger	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	anticipation	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	disgust	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	fear	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	joy	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	negative	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	positive	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	sadness	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	surprise	mouthpiece
mouthpiece	trust	mouthpiece
revelation	anger	revelation
revelation	anticipation	revelation
revelation	disgust	revelation
revelation	fear	revelation
revelation	joy	revelation
revelation	negative	revelation
revelation	positive	revelation
revelation	sadness	revelation
revelation	surprise	revelation
revelation	trust	revelation
muffled	anger	muffled
muffled	anticipation	muffled
muffled	disgust	muffled
muffled	fear	muffled
muffled	joy	muffled
muffled	negative	muffled
muffled	positive	muffled
muffled	sadness	muffled
muffled	surprise	muffled
muffled	trust	muffled
waistcoat	anger	chaleco
waistcoat	anticipation	de chaleco
waistcoat	disgust	de chaleco
waistcoat	fear	de chaleco
waistcoat	joy	chaleco
waistcoat	negative	de chaleco
waistcoat	positive	de chaleco
waistcoat	sadness	de chaleco
waistcoat	surprise	chaleco
waistcoat	trust	de chaleco
throbbing	anger	throbbing
throbbing	anticipation	throbbing
throbbing	disgust	throbbing
throbbing	fear	throbbing
throbbing	joy	throbbing
throbbing	negative	throbbing
throbbing	positive	throbbing
throbbing	sadness	throbbing
throbbing	surprise	throbbing
throbbing	trust	throbbing
disobedience	anger	desobediencia
disobedience	anticipation	de desobediencia
disobedience	disgust	de desobediencia
disobedience	fear	de desobediencia
disobedience	joy	desobediencia
disobedience	negative	de desobediencia
disobedience	positive	de desobediencia
disobedience	sadness	de desobediencia
disobedience	surprise	amabilidad
disobedience	trust	de amabilidad
friendliness	anger	de desobediencia
friendliness	anticipation	de desobediencia
friendliness	disgust	amabilidad
friendliness	fear	de amabilidad
friendliness	joy	de amabilidad
friendliness	negative	de amabilidad
friendliness	positive	amabilidad
friendliness	sadness	de amabilidad
friendliness	surprise	de amabilidad
friendliness	trust	de amabilidad
revocation	anger	revocation
revocation	anticipation	revocation
revocation	disgust	revocation
revocation	fear	revocation
revocation	joy	revocation
revocation	negative	revocation
revocation	positive	revocation
revocation	sadness	revocation
revocation	surprise	revocation
revocation	trust	revocation
penthouse	anger	penthouse
penthouse	anticipation	penthouse
penthouse	disgust	penthouse
penthouse	fear	penthouse
penthouse	joy	penthouse
penthouse	negative	penthouse
penthouse	positive	penthouse
penthouse	sadness	penthouse
penthouse	surprise	penthouse
penthouse	trust	penthouse
brightness	anger	brightness
brightness	anticipation	brightness
brightness	disgust	brightness
brightness	fear	brightness
brightness	joy	brightness
brightness	negative	brightness
brightness	positive	brightness
brightness	sadness	brightness
brightness	surprise	brightness
brightness	trust	brightness
shovel	anger	pala
shovel	anticipation	de pala
shovel	disgust	de pala
shovel	fear	de pala
shovel	joy	pala
shovel	negative	de pala
shovel	positive	de pala
shovel	sadness	de pala
shovel	surprise	pala
shovel	trust	de pala
obediently	anger	obediently
obediently	anticipation	obediently
obediently	disgust	obediently
obediently	fear	obediently
obediently	joy	obediently
obediently	negative	obediently
obediently	positive	obediently
obediently	sadness	obediently
obediently	surprise	obediently
obediently	trust	obediently
clarity	anger	claridad
clarity	anticipation	de claridad
clarity	disgust	de claridad
clarity	fear	de claridad
clarity	joy	claridad
clarity	negative	de claridad
clarity	positive	de claridad
clarity	sadness	de claridad
clarity	surprise	claridad
clarity	trust	de claridad
swampy	anger	swampy
swampy	anticipation	swampy
swampy	disgust	swampy
swampy	fear	swampy
swampy	joy	swampy
swampy	negative	swampy
swampy	positive	swampy
swampy	sadness	swampy
swampy	surprise	swampy
swampy	trust	swampy
squeak	anger	squeak
squeak	anticipation	squeak
squeak	disgust	squeak
squeak	fear	squeak
squeak	joy	squeak
squeak	negative	squeak
squeak	positive	squeak
squeak	sadness	squeak
squeak	surprise	squeak
squeak	trust	squeak
seedling	anger	seedling
seedling	anticipation	seedling
seedling	disgust	seedling
seedling	fear	seedling
seedling	joy	seedling
seedling	negative	seedling
seedling	positive	seedling
seedling	sadness	seedling
seedling	surprise	seedling
seedling	trust	seedling
jaguar	anger	jaguar
jaguar	anticipation	de jaguar
jaguar	disgust	de jaguar
jaguar	fear	de jaguar
jaguar	joy	jaguar
jaguar	negative	de jaguar
jaguar	positive	de jaguar
jaguar	sadness	de jaguar
jaguar	surprise	jaguar
jaguar	trust	de jaguar
excision	anger	excision
excision	anticipation	excision
excision	disgust	excision
excision	fear	excision
excision	joy	excision
excision	negative	excision
excision	positive	excision
excision	sadness	excision
excision	surprise	excision
excision	trust	excision
clothe	anger	clothe
clothe	anticipation	clothe
clothe	disgust	clothe
clothe	fear	clothe
clothe	joy	clothe
clothe	negative	clothe
clothe	positive	clothe
clothe	sadness	clothe
clothe	surprise	clothe
clothe	trust	clothe
consequence	anger	consecuencia
consequence	anticipation	de consecuencia
consequence	disgust	de consecuencia
consequence	fear	de consecuencia
consequence	joy	consecuencia
consequence	negative	de consecuencia
consequence	positive	de consecuencia
consequence	sadness	de consecuencia
consequence	surprise	tiroteo
consequence	trust	de tiroteo
shooting	anger	de consecuencia
shooting	anticipation	de consecuencia
shooting	disgust	tiroteo
shooting	fear	de tiroteo
shooting	joy	de tiroteo
shooting	negative	de tiroteo
shooting	positive	tiroteo
shooting	sadness	de tiroteo
shooting	surprise	del tiroteo que
shooting	trust	dispara
proportionate	anger	proporcionado
proportionate	anticipation	proporcionado
proportionate	disgust	proporcionado
proportionate	fear	proporcionado
proportionate	joy	proporcionado
proportionate	negative	proporcionado
proportionate	positive	proporcionado
proportionate	sadness	proporcionado
proportionate	surprise	proporcionado
proportionate	trust	proporcionado
crafty	anger	crafty
crafty	anticipation	crafty
crafty	disgust	crafty
crafty	fear	crafty
crafty	joy	crafty
crafty	negative	crafty
crafty	positive	crafty
crafty	sadness	crafty
crafty	surprise	crafty
crafty	trust	crafty
words	anger	palabras
words	anticipation	de palabras
words	disgust	de palabras
words	fear	de palabras
words	joy	palabras
words	negative	de palabras
words	positive	de palabras
words	sadness	de palabras
words	surprise	palabras
words	trust	de palabras
impermissible	anger	impermissible
impermissible	anticipation	impermissible
impermissible	disgust	impermissible
impermissible	fear	impermissible
impermissible	joy	impermissible
impermissible	negative	impermissible
impermissible	positive	impermissible
impermissible	sadness	impermissible
impermissible	surprise	impermissible
impermissible	trust	impermissible
seducing	anger	seduciendo
seducing	anticipation	seduciendo
seducing	disgust	seduciendo
seducing	fear	seduciendo
seducing	joy	seduciendo
seducing	negative	seduciendo
seducing	positive	seduciendo
seducing	sadness	seduciendo
seducing	surprise	seduciendo
seducing	trust	seduciendo
pseudo	anger	pseudo
pseudo	anticipation	pseudo
pseudo	disgust	pseudo
pseudo	fear	pseudo
pseudo	joy	pseudo
pseudo	negative	pseudo
pseudo	positive	pseudo
pseudo	sadness	pseudo
pseudo	surprise	pseudo
pseudo	trust	pseudo
symmetrical	anger	simétricos
symmetrical	anticipation	simétricos
symmetrical	disgust	simétricos
symmetrical	fear	simétricos
symmetrical	joy	simétricos
symmetrical	negative	simétricos
symmetrical	positive	simétricos
symmetrical	sadness	simétricos
symmetrical	surprise	simétricos
symmetrical	trust	simétricos
alongside	anger	al lado
alongside	anticipation	al lado
alongside	disgust	al lado
alongside	fear	al lado
alongside	joy	al lado
alongside	negative	al lado
alongside	positive	al lado
alongside	sadness	al lado
alongside	surprise	al lado
alongside	trust	junto a uneventful
uneventful	anger	
uneventful	anticipation	uneventful
uneventful	disgust	uneventful
uneventful	fear	uneventful
uneventful	joy	uneventful
uneventful	negative	uneventful
uneventful	positive	uneventful
uneventful	sadness	uneventful
uneventful	surprise	uneventful
uneventful	trust	uneventful
tidal	anger	tidal
tidal	anticipation	
tidal	disgust	tidal
tidal	fear	tidal
tidal	joy	tidal
tidal	negative	tidal
tidal	positive	tidal
tidal	sadness	tidal
tidal	surprise	tidal
tidal	trust	tidal
theme	anger	tidal
theme	anticipation	tema de tema
theme	disgust	de tema
theme	fear	de tema
theme	joy	tema
theme	negative	de tema
theme	positive	de tema
theme	sadness	de tema
theme	surprise	relleno
theme	trust	de relleno
filling	anger	de tema
filling	anticipation	de tema
filling	disgust	relleno
filling	fear	de relleno
filling	joy	de relleno
filling	negative	de relleno
filling	positive	relleno
filling	sadness	de relleno
filling	surprise	de relleno
filling	trust	de relleno
cadet	anger	cadete
cadet	anticipation	de cadete
cadet	disgust	de cadete
cadet	fear	de cadete
cadet	joy	cadete
cadet	negative	de cadete
cadet	positive	de cadete
cadet	sadness	de cadete
cadet	surprise	cadete
cadet	trust	de cadete
unpretentious	anger	unpretentious
unpretentious	anticipation	unpretentious
unpretentious	disgust	unpretentious
unpretentious	fear	unpretentious
unpretentious	joy	unpretentious
unpretentious	negative	unpretentious
unpretentious	positive	unpretentious
unpretentious	sadness	unpretentious
unpretentious	surprise	unpretentious
unpretentious	trust	unpretentious
noun	anger	sustantivo
noun	anticipation	de sustantivo
noun	disgust	de sustantivo
noun	fear	de sustantivo
noun	joy	sustantivo
noun	negative	de sustantivo
noun	positive	de sustantivo
noun	sadness	de sustantivo
noun	surprise	sustantivo
noun	trust	de sustantivo
shameful	anger	vergonzoso
shameful	anticipation	vergonzoso
shameful	disgust	vergonzoso
shameful	fear	vergonzoso
shameful	joy	vergonzoso
shameful	negative	vergonzoso
shameful	positive	vergonzoso
shameful	sadness	amor
shameful	surprise	de amor
shameful	trust	vergonzoso
amour	anger	vergonzoso
amour	anticipation	vergonzoso
amour	disgust	amor
amour	fear	de amor
amour	joy	de amor
amour	negative	de amor
amour	positive	amor
amour	sadness	de amor
amour	surprise	de amor
amour	trust	de amor
spline	anger	spline
spline	anticipation	spline
spline	disgust	spline
spline	fear	spline
spline	joy	spline
spline	negative	spline
spline	positive	spline
spline	sadness	spline
spline	surprise	spline
spline	trust	spline
nameless	anger	nameless
nameless	anticipation	nameless
nameless	disgust	nameless
nameless	fear	nameless
nameless	joy	nameless
nameless	negative	nameless
nameless	positive	nameless
nameless	sadness	nameless
nameless	surprise	nameless
nameless	trust	nameless
citizen	anger	ciudadano
citizen	anticipation	de ciudadano
citizen	disgust	de ciudadano
citizen	fear	de ciudadano
citizen	joy	ciudadano
citizen	negative	de ciudadano
citizen	positive	de ciudadano
citizen	sadness	de ciudadano
citizen	surprise	ciudadano
citizen	trust	de ciudadano
confounded	anger	confounded
confounded	anticipation	confounded
confounded	disgust	confounded
confounded	fear	confounded
confounded	joy	confounded
confounded	negative	confounded
confounded	positive	confounded
confounded	sadness	confounded
confounded	surprise	confounded
confounded	trust	confounded
chastisement	anger	chastisement
chastisement	anticipation	chastisement
chastisement	disgust	chastisement
chastisement	fear	chastisement
chastisement	joy	chastisement
chastisement	negative	chastisement
chastisement	positive	chastisement
chastisement	sadness	chastisement
chastisement	surprise	chastisement
chastisement	trust	chastisement
excepting	anger	exceptuando
excepting	anticipation	exceptuando
excepting	disgust	exceptuando
excepting	fear	exceptuando
excepting	joy	exceptuando
excepting	negative	exceptuando
excepting	positive	exceptuando
excepting	sadness	exceptuando
excepting	surprise	exceptuando
excepting	trust	exceptuando
clothing	anger	ropa
clothing	anticipation	de ropa
clothing	disgust	de ropa
clothing	fear	de ropa
clothing	joy	ropa
clothing	negative	de ropa
clothing	positive	de ropa
clothing	sadness	de ropa
clothing	surprise	ropa
clothing	trust	de ropa
shrunk	anger	encogió
shrunk	anticipation	encogida
shrunk	disgust	encogió
shrunk	fear	encogido
shrunk	joy	encogió
shrunk	negative	encogido
shrunk	positive	encogió
shrunk	sadness	encogido
shrunk	surprise	encogió
shrunk	trust	encogido
agonizing	anger	atroz
agonizing	anticipation	atroz
agonizing	disgust	atroz
agonizing	fear	atroz
agonizing	joy	atroz
agonizing	negative	atroz
agonizing	positive	atroz
agonizing	sadness	atroz
agonizing	surprise	atroz
agonizing	trust	atroz
bodily	anger	bodily
bodily	anticipation	bodily
bodily	disgust	bodily
bodily	fear	bodily
bodily	joy	bodily
bodily	negative	bodily
bodily	positive	bodily
bodily	sadness	bodily
bodily	surprise	bodily
bodily	trust	bodily
bidder	anger	bidder
bidder	anticipation	bidder
bidder	disgust	bidder
bidder	fear	bidder
bidder	joy	bidder
bidder	negative	bidder
bidder	positive	bidder
bidder	sadness	bidder
bidder	surprise	bidder
bidder	trust	bidder
junior	anger	joven
junior	anticipation	de joven
junior	disgust	de joven
junior	fear	de joven
junior	joy	joven
junior	negative	de joven
junior	positive	de joven
junior	sadness	de joven
junior	surprise	joven
junior	trust	de joven que
diverging	anger	diverge
diverging	anticipation	divergiendo
diverging	disgust	divergiendo
diverging	fear	divergiendo
diverging	joy	divergiendo
diverging	negative	divergiendo
diverging	positive	divergiendo
diverging	sadness	divergiendo
diverging	surprise	divergiendo
diverging	trust	divergiendo
maker	anger	fabricante
maker	anticipation	de fabricante
maker	disgust	de fabricante
maker	fear	de fabricante
maker	joy	fabricante
maker	negative	de fabricante
maker	positive	de fabricante
maker	sadness	de fabricante
maker	surprise	fabricante
maker	trust	de fabricante
wondrous	anger	wondrous
wondrous	anticipation	wondrous
wondrous	disgust	wondrous
wondrous	fear	wondrous
wondrous	joy	wondrous
wondrous	negative	wondrous
wondrous	positive	wondrous
wondrous	sadness	wondrous
wondrous	surprise	wondrous
wondrous	trust	wondrous
solidified	anger	solidificó
solidified	anticipation	solidificado
solidified	disgust	solidificó
solidified	fear	solidificado
solidified	joy	solidificó
solidified	negative	solidificado
solidified	positive	solidificó
solidified	sadness	solidificado
solidified	surprise	solidificó
solidified	trust	solidificado
scrapie	anger	scrapie
scrapie	anticipation	scrapie
scrapie	disgust	scrapie
scrapie	fear	scrapie
scrapie	joy	scrapie
scrapie	negative	scrapie
scrapie	positive	scrapie
scrapie	sadness	scrapie
scrapie	surprise	scrapie
scrapie	trust	scrapie
temperature	anger	temperatura
temperature	anticipation	de temperatura
temperature	disgust	de temperatura
temperature	fear	de temperatura
temperature	joy	temperatura
temperature	negative	de temperatura
temperature	positive	de temperatura
temperature	sadness	de temperatura
temperature	surprise	temperatura
temperature	trust	de temperatura
trappings	anger	trappings
trappings	anticipation	trappings
trappings	disgust	trappings
trappings	fear	trappings
trappings	joy	trappings
trappings	negative	trappings
trappings	positive	trappings
trappings	sadness	trappings
trappings	surprise	trappings
trappings	trust	trappings
queen	anger	reina
queen	anticipation	de reina
queen	disgust	de reina
queen	fear	de reina
queen	joy	reina
queen	negative	de reina
queen	positive	de reina
queen	sadness	de reina
queen	surprise	cajón
queen	trust	de cajón
drawer	anger	de reina
drawer	anticipation	de reina
drawer	disgust	cajón
drawer	fear	de cajón
drawer	joy	de cajón
drawer	negative	de cajón
drawer	positive	cajón
drawer	sadness	de cajón
drawer	surprise	de cajón
drawer	trust	de cajón
lodge	anger	aloja
lodge	anticipation	alojar
lodge	disgust	alojar
lodge	fear	alojar
lodge	joy	alojar
lodge	negative	alojar
lodge	positive	alojar
lodge	sadness	alojar
lodge	surprise	alojar
lodge	trust	alojar
enclose	anger	encerrar
enclose	anticipation	encerrar
enclose	disgust	encerrar
enclose	fear	encerrar
enclose	joy	encerrar
enclose	negative	encerrar
enclose	positive	encerrar
enclose	sadness	encerrar
enclose	surprise	encerrar
enclose	trust	encerrar
corpse	anger	cadáver
corpse	anticipation	de cadáver
corpse	disgust	de cadáver
corpse	fear	de cadáver
corpse	joy	cadáver
corpse	negative	de cadáver
corpse	positive	de cadáver
corpse	sadness	de cadáver
corpse	surprise	seno
corpse	trust	de seno
sinus	anger	de cadáver
sinus	anticipation	de cadáver
sinus	disgust	seno
sinus	fear	de seno
sinus	joy	de seno
sinus	negative	de seno
sinus	positive	seno
sinus	sadness	de seno
sinus	surprise	de seno
sinus	trust	de seno
commute	anger	commute
commute	anticipation	commute
commute	disgust	commute
commute	fear	commute
commute	joy	commute
commute	negative	commute
commute	positive	commute
commute	sadness	commute
commute	surprise	commute
commute	trust	commute
chowder	anger	chowder
chowder	anticipation	chowder
chowder	disgust	chowder
chowder	fear	chowder
chowder	joy	chowder
chowder	negative	chowder
chowder	positive	chowder
chowder	sadness	chowder
chowder	surprise	chowder
chowder	trust	chowder
mineralogy	anger	mineralogía
mineralogy	anticipation	de mineralogía
mineralogy	disgust	de mineralogía
mineralogy	fear	de mineralogía
mineralogy	joy	mineralogía
mineralogy	negative	de mineralogía
mineralogy	positive	de mineralogía
mineralogy	sadness	de mineralogía
mineralogy	surprise	tenacidad
mineralogy	trust	de tenacidad
tenacity	anger	de mineralogía
tenacity	anticipation	de mineralogía
tenacity	disgust	tenacidad
tenacity	fear	de tenacidad
tenacity	joy	de tenacidad
tenacity	negative	de tenacidad
tenacity	positive	tenacidad
tenacity	sadness	de tenacidad
tenacity	surprise	de tenacidad
tenacity	trust	de tenacidad
porch	anger	porche
porch	anticipation	de porche
porch	disgust	de porche
porch	fear	de porche
porch	joy	porche
porch	negative	de porche
porch	positive	de porche
porch	sadness	de porche
porch	surprise	porche
porch	trust	de porche
lingual	anger	lingual
lingual	anticipation	lingual
lingual	disgust	lingual
lingual	fear	lingual
lingual	joy	lingual
lingual	negative	lingual
lingual	positive	lingual
lingual	sadness	lingual
lingual	surprise	lingual
lingual	trust	lingual
cardiomyopathy	anger	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	anticipation	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	disgust	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	fear	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	joy	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	negative	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	positive	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	sadness	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	surprise	cardiomyopathy
cardiomyopathy	trust	cardiomyopathy
sleeplessness	anger	insomnio
sleeplessness	anticipation	de insomnio
sleeplessness	disgust	de insomnio
sleeplessness	fear	de insomnio
sleeplessness	joy	insomnio
sleeplessness	negative	de insomnio
sleeplessness	positive	de insomnio
sleeplessness	sadness	de insomnio
sleeplessness	surprise	apelación
sleeplessness	trust	de apelación
appeal	anger	de insomnio
appeal	anticipation	de insomnio
appeal	disgust	apelación
appeal	fear	de apelación
appeal	joy	de apelación
appeal	negative	de apelación
appeal	positive	apelación
appeal	sadness	de apelación
appeal	surprise	de apelación
appeal	trust	de apelación
stoppage	anger	obstrucción
stoppage	anticipation	de obstrucción
stoppage	disgust	de obstrucción
stoppage	fear	de obstrucción
stoppage	joy	obstrucción
stoppage	negative	de obstrucción
stoppage	positive	de obstrucción
stoppage	sadness	de obstrucción
stoppage	surprise	obstrucción
stoppage	trust	de obstrucción
dried	anger	secó
dried	anticipation	secada
dried	disgust	secó
dried	fear	secado
dried	joy	secó
dried	negative	secado
dried	positive	secó
dried	sadness	secado
dried	surprise	secó
dried	trust	uniformidad
uniformity	anger	de uniformidad
uniformity	anticipation	de uniformidad
uniformity	disgust	secada
uniformity	fear	uniformidad
uniformity	joy	de uniformidad
uniformity	negative	de uniformidad
uniformity	positive	de uniformidad
uniformity	sadness	aguamiel
uniformity	surprise	de uniformidad
uniformity	trust	de uniformidad
mead	anger	de uniformidad
mead	anticipation	aguamiel
mead	disgust	de aguamiel
mead	fear	de aguamiel
mead	joy	de aguamiel
mead	negative	aguamiel
mead	positive	de aguamiel
mead	sadness	de aguamiel
mead	surprise	de aguamiel
mead	trust	la aguamiel
mythological	anger	mitológica
mythological	anticipation	mitológico
mythological	disgust	mitológico
mythological	fear	mitológico
mythological	joy	mitológico
mythological	negative	mitológico
mythological	positive	mitológico
mythological	sadness	conferencia
mythological	surprise	de conferencia
mythological	trust	mitológica
conference	anger	mitológica
conference	anticipation	mitológica
conference	disgust	conferencia
conference	fear	de conferencia
conference	joy	de conferencia
conference	negative	de conferencia
conference	positive	conferencia
conference	sadness	de conferencia
conference	surprise	de conferencia
conference	trust	de conferencia
clover	anger	trébol
clover	anticipation	de trébol
clover	disgust	de trébol
clover	fear	de trébol
clover	joy	trébol
clover	negative	de trébol
clover	positive	de trébol
clover	sadness	de trébol
clover	surprise	torno
clover	trust	de torno
lathe	anger	de trébol
lathe	anticipation	de trébol
lathe	disgust	torno
lathe	fear	de torno
lathe	joy	de torno
lathe	negative	de torno
lathe	positive	torno
lathe	sadness	de torno
lathe	surprise	de torno
lathe	trust	de torno
bergamot	anger	bergamot
bergamot	anticipation	bergamot
bergamot	disgust	bergamot
bergamot	fear	bergamot
bergamot	joy	bergamot
bergamot	negative	bergamot
bergamot	positive	bergamot
bergamot	sadness	bergamot
bergamot	surprise	bergamot
bergamot	trust	bergamot
aim	anger	objetivo
aim	anticipation	de objetivo
aim	disgust	de objetivo
aim	fear	de objetivo
aim	joy	objetivo
aim	negative	de objetivo
aim	positive	de objetivo
aim	sadness	de objetivo
aim	surprise	objetivo
aim	trust	de objetivo
effigy	anger	effigy
effigy	anticipation	effigy
effigy	disgust	effigy
effigy	fear	effigy
effigy	joy	effigy
effigy	negative	effigy
effigy	positive	effigy
effigy	sadness	effigy
effigy	surprise	effigy
effigy	trust	effigy
annulment	anger	anulación
annulment	anticipation	de anulación
annulment	disgust	de anulación
annulment	fear	de anulación
annulment	joy	anulación
annulment	negative	de anulación
annulment	positive	de anulación
annulment	sadness	de anulación
annulment	surprise	factura
annulment	trust	de factura
bill	anger	de anulación
bill	anticipation	de anulación
bill	disgust	factura
bill	fear	de factura
bill	joy	de factura
bill	negative	de factura
bill	positive	factura
bill	sadness	de factura
bill	surprise	de factura
bill	trust	de factura
polity	anger	polity
polity	anticipation	polity
polity	disgust	polity
polity	fear	polity
polity	joy	polity
polity	negative	polity
polity	positive	polity
polity	sadness	polity
polity	surprise	polity
polity	trust	polity
whilst	anger	whilst
whilst	anticipation	whilst
whilst	disgust	whilst
whilst	fear	whilst
whilst	joy	whilst
whilst	negative	whilst
whilst	positive	whilst
whilst	sadness	whilst
whilst	surprise	whilst
whilst	trust	whilst
periodic	anger	periódico
periodic	anticipation	periódico
periodic	disgust	periódico
periodic	fear	periódico
periodic	joy	periódico
periodic	negative	periódico
periodic	positive	periódico
periodic	sadness	periódico
periodic	surprise	periódico
periodic	trust	periódico
essential	anger	esencial
essential	anticipation	esencial
essential	disgust	esencial
essential	fear	esencial
essential	joy	esencial
essential	negative	esencial
essential	positive	esencial
essential	sadness	esencial
essential	surprise	esencial
essential	trust	esencial
tumbler	anger	tumbler
tumbler	anticipation	tumbler
tumbler	disgust	tumbler
tumbler	fear	tumbler
tumbler	joy	tumbler
tumbler	negative	tumbler
tumbler	positive	tumbler
tumbler	sadness	tumbler
tumbler	surprise	tumbler
tumbler	trust	tumbler
submarine	anger	submarino
submarine	anticipation	de submarino
submarine	disgust	de submarino
submarine	fear	de submarino
submarine	joy	submarino
submarine	negative	de submarino
submarine	positive	de submarino
submarine	sadness	de submarino
submarine	surprise	capricho
submarine	trust	de capricho
whim	anger	de submarino
whim	anticipation	de submarino
whim	disgust	capricho
whim	fear	de capricho
whim	joy	de capricho
whim	negative	de capricho
whim	positive	capricho
whim	sadness	de capricho
whim	surprise	de capricho
whim	trust	de capricho
computation	anger	computación
computation	anticipation	de computación
computation	disgust	de computación
computation	fear	de computación
computation	joy	computación
computation	negative	de computación
computation	positive	de computación
computation	sadness	de computación
computation	surprise	computación
computation	trust	de computación
safe	anger	segura
safe	anticipation	seguro
safe	disgust	seguro
safe	fear	seguro
safe	joy	seguro
safe	negative	seguro
safe	positive	seguro
safe	sadness	fonógrafo
safe	surprise	de fonógrafo
safe	trust	seguro
phonograph	anger	seguro
phonograph	anticipation	seguro
phonograph	disgust	fonógrafo
phonograph	fear	de fonógrafo
phonograph	joy	de fonógrafo
phonograph	negative	de fonógrafo
phonograph	positive	fonógrafo
phonograph	sadness	de fonógrafo
phonograph	surprise	de fonógrafo
phonograph	trust	de fonógrafo
vindication	anger	vindication
vindication	anticipation	vindication
vindication	disgust	vindication
vindication	fear	vindication
vindication	joy	vindication
vindication	negative	vindication
vindication	positive	vindication
vindication	sadness	vindication
vindication	surprise	vindication
vindication	trust	vindication
star	anger	estrella
star	anticipation	de estrella
star	disgust	de estrella
star	fear	de estrella
star	joy	estrella
star	negative	de estrella
star	positive	de estrella
star	sadness	de estrella
star	surprise	estrella
star	trust	de estrella
cess	anger	cess
cess	anticipation	cess
cess	disgust	cess
cess	fear	cess
cess	joy	cess
cess	negative	cess
cess	positive	cess
cess	sadness	cess
cess	surprise	cess
cess	trust	cess
doings	anger	doings
doings	anticipation	doings
doings	disgust	doings
doings	fear	doings
doings	joy	doings
doings	negative	doings
doings	positive	doings
doings	sadness	doings
doings	surprise	doings
doings	trust	doings
drip	anger	drip
drip	anticipation	drip
drip	disgust	drip
drip	fear	drip
drip	joy	drip
drip	negative	drip
drip	positive	drip
drip	sadness	drip
drip	surprise	drip
drip	trust	drip
subsequently	anger	posteriormente
subsequently	anticipation	posteriormente
subsequently	disgust	posteriormente
subsequently	fear	posteriormente
subsequently	joy	posteriormente
subsequently	negative	posteriormente
subsequently	positive	posteriormente
subsequently	sadness	posteriormente
subsequently	surprise	posteriormente
subsequently	trust	posteriormente
agate	anger	ágata
agate	anticipation	de ágata
agate	disgust	de ágata
agate	fear	de ágata
agate	joy	ágata
agate	negative	de ágata
agate	positive	de ágata
agate	sadness	de ágata
agate	surprise	ágata
agate	trust	de ágata
establish	anger	establece
establish	anticipation	establecer
establish	disgust	establecer
establish	fear	establecer
establish	joy	establecer
establish	negative	establecer
establish	positive	establecer
establish	sadness	establecer
establish	surprise	establecer
establish	trust	establecer
refine	anger	refine
refine	anticipation	refine
refine	disgust	refine
refine	fear	refine
refine	joy	refine
refine	negative	refine
refine	positive	refine
refine	sadness	refine
refine	surprise	refine
refine	trust	refine
defendant	anger	defendant
defendant	anticipation	defendant
defendant	disgust	defendant
defendant	fear	defendant
defendant	joy	defendant
defendant	negative	defendant
defendant	positive	defendant
defendant	sadness	defendant
defendant	surprise	defendant
defendant	trust	defendant
outburst	anger	explosión
outburst	anticipation	de explosión
outburst	disgust	de explosión
outburst	fear	de explosión
outburst	joy	explosión
outburst	negative	de explosión
outburst	positive	de explosión
outburst	sadness	de explosión
outburst	surprise	cabriolet
outburst	trust	de cabriolet
cabriolet	anger	de explosión
cabriolet	anticipation	de explosión
cabriolet	disgust	cabriolet
cabriolet	fear	de cabriolet
cabriolet	joy	de cabriolet
cabriolet	negative	de cabriolet
cabriolet	positive	cabriolet
cabriolet	sadness	de cabriolet
cabriolet	surprise	de cabriolet
cabriolet	trust	de cabriolet
lot	anger	parcela
lot	anticipation	de parcela
lot	disgust	de parcela
lot	fear	de parcela
lot	joy	parcela
lot	negative	de parcela
lot	positive	de parcela
lot	sadness	de parcela
lot	surprise	parcela
lot	trust	de parcela
scavenger	anger	scavenger
scavenger	anticipation	scavenger
scavenger	disgust	scavenger
scavenger	fear	scavenger
scavenger	joy	scavenger
scavenger	negative	scavenger
scavenger	positive	scavenger
scavenger	sadness	scavenger
scavenger	surprise	scavenger
scavenger	trust	scavenger
fool	anger	fool
fool	anticipation	fool
fool	disgust	fool
fool	fear	fool
fool	joy	fool
fool	negative	fool
fool	positive	fool
fool	sadness	fool
fool	surprise	fool
fool	trust	fool
clot	anger	coágulo
clot	anticipation	de coágulo
clot	disgust	de coágulo
clot	fear	de coágulo
clot	joy	coágulo
clot	negative	de coágulo
clot	positive	de coágulo
clot	sadness	de coágulo
clot	surprise	coágulo
clot	trust	de coágulo
grantor	anger	grantor
grantor	anticipation	grantor
grantor	disgust	grantor
grantor	fear	grantor
grantor	joy	grantor
grantor	negative	grantor
grantor	positive	grantor
grantor	sadness	grantor
grantor	surprise	grantor
grantor	trust	grantor
embellish	anger	embellish
embellish	anticipation	embellish
embellish	disgust	embellish
embellish	fear	embellish
embellish	joy	embellish
embellish	negative	embellish
embellish	positive	embellish
embellish	sadness	embellish
embellish	surprise	embellish
embellish	trust	embellish
consuming	anger	consumiendo
consuming	anticipation	consumiendo
consuming	disgust	consumiendo
consuming	fear	consumiendo
consuming	joy	consumiendo
consuming	negative	consumiendo
consuming	positive	consumiendo
consuming	sadness	consumiendo
consuming	surprise	consumiendo
consuming	trust	consumiendo
notion	anger	idea
notion	anticipation	de idea
notion	disgust	de idea
notion	fear	de idea
notion	joy	idea
notion	negative	de idea
notion	positive	de idea
notion	sadness	de idea
notion	surprise	idea
notion	trust	de idea
creditable	anger	creditable
creditable	anticipation	creditable
creditable	disgust	creditable
creditable	fear	creditable
creditable	joy	creditable
creditable	negative	creditable
creditable	positive	creditable
creditable	sadness	creditable
creditable	surprise	creditable
creditable	trust	creditable
hypnotic	anger	hipnótico
hypnotic	anticipation	hipnótico
hypnotic	disgust	hipnótico
hypnotic	fear	hipnótico
hypnotic	joy	hipnótico
hypnotic	negative	hipnótico
hypnotic	positive	hipnótico
hypnotic	sadness	hipnótico
hypnotic	surprise	hipnótico
hypnotic	trust	hipnótico
profane	anger	profano
profane	anticipation	profano
profane	disgust	profano
profane	fear	profano
profane	joy	profano
profane	negative	profano
profane	positive	profano
profane	sadness	profano
profane	surprise	profano
profane	trust	profano
restrain	anger	restrain
restrain	anticipation	restrain
restrain	disgust	restrain
restrain	fear	restrain
restrain	joy	restrain
restrain	negative	restrain
restrain	positive	restrain
restrain	sadness	restrain
restrain	surprise	restrain
restrain	trust	restrain
armor	anger	armadura
armor	anticipation	de armadura
armor	disgust	de armadura
armor	fear	de armadura
armor	joy	armadura
armor	negative	de armadura
armor	positive	de armadura
armor	sadness	de armadura
armor	surprise	complicación
armor	trust	de complicación
complication	anger	de armadura
complication	anticipation	de armadura
complication	disgust	complicación
complication	fear	de complicación
complication	joy	de complicación
complication	negative	de complicación
complication	positive	complicación
complication	sadness	de complicación
complication	surprise	de complicación
complication	trust	de complicación
circumvention	anger	circumvention
circumvention	anticipation	circumvention
circumvention	disgust	circumvention
circumvention	fear	circumvention
circumvention	joy	circumvention
circumvention	negative	circumvention
circumvention	positive	circumvention
circumvention	sadness	circumvention
circumvention	surprise	circumvention
circumvention	trust	circumvention
exposition	anger	exposition
exposition	anticipation	exposition
exposition	disgust	exposition
exposition	fear	exposition
exposition	joy	exposition
exposition	negative	exposition
exposition	positive	exposition
exposition	sadness	exposition
exposition	surprise	exposition
exposition	trust	exposition
belly	anger	vientre
belly	anticipation	de vientre
belly	disgust	de vientre
belly	fear	de vientre
belly	joy	vientre
belly	negative	de vientre
belly	positive	de vientre
belly	sadness	de vientre
belly	surprise	portador
belly	trust	de portador
bearer	anger	de vientre
bearer	anticipation	de vientre
bearer	disgust	portador
bearer	fear	de portador
bearer	joy	de portador
bearer	negative	de portador
bearer	positive	portador
bearer	sadness	de portador
bearer	surprise	de portador
bearer	trust	de portador
whisper	anger	murmullo
whisper	anticipation	de murmullo
whisper	disgust	de murmullo
whisper	fear	de murmullo
whisper	joy	murmullo
whisper	negative	de murmullo
whisper	positive	de murmullo
whisper	sadness	de murmullo
whisper	surprise	murmullo
whisper	trust	de murmullo
spent	anger	gastó
spent	anticipation	gastado
spent	disgust	gastó
spent	fear	gastado
spent	joy	gastó
spent	negative	gastado
spent	positive	gastó
spent	sadness	gastado
spent	surprise	gastó
spent	trust	gastado
heated	anger	calentó
heated	anticipation	calentado
heated	disgust	calentó
heated	fear	calentado
heated	joy	calentó
heated	negative	calentado
heated	positive	calentó
heated	sadness	calentado
heated	surprise	calentó
heated	trust	palo
stick	anger	de palo
stick	anticipation	de palo
stick	disgust	calentado
stick	fear	palo
stick	joy	de palo
stick	negative	de palo
stick	positive	de palo
stick	sadness	responsabilidad
stick	surprise	de palo
stick	trust	de palo
responsibility	anger	de palo
responsibility	anticipation	responsabilidad
responsibility	disgust	de responsabilidad
responsibility	fear	de responsabilidad
responsibility	joy	de responsabilidad
responsibility	negative	responsabilidad
responsibility	positive	de responsabilidad
responsibility	sadness	de responsabilidad
responsibility	surprise	de responsabilidad
responsibility	trust	la responsabilidad
drugged	anger	drogó
drugged	anticipation	drogada
drugged	disgust	drogó
drugged	fear	drogado
drugged	joy	drogó
drugged	negative	drogado
drugged	positive	drogó
drugged	sadness	drogado
drugged	surprise	drogó
drugged	trust	vigilancia
surveillance	anger	de vigilancia
surveillance	anticipation	de vigilancia
surveillance	disgust	drogada
surveillance	fear	vigilancia
surveillance	joy	de vigilancia
surveillance	negative	de vigilancia
surveillance	positive	de vigilancia
surveillance	sadness	vigilancia
surveillance	surprise	de vigilancia
surveillance	trust	de la vigilancia
allied	anger	aliada
allied	anticipation	aliado
allied	disgust	aliado
allied	fear	aliado
allied	joy	aliado
allied	negative	aliado
allied	positive	aliado
allied	sadness	aliado
allied	surprise	aliado
allied	trust	aliado
deference	anger	deference
deference	anticipation	deference
deference	disgust	deference
deference	fear	deference
deference	joy	deference
deference	negative	deference
deference	positive	deference
deference	sadness	deference
deference	surprise	deference
deference	trust	deference
mutual	anger	mutuo
mutual	anticipation	mutuo
mutual	disgust	mutuo
mutual	fear	mutuo
mutual	joy	mutuo
mutual	negative	mutuo
mutual	positive	mutuo
mutual	sadness	mutuo
mutual	surprise	mutuo
mutual	trust	mutuo
hoarse	anger	hoarse
hoarse	anticipation	hoarse
hoarse	disgust	hoarse
hoarse	fear	hoarse
hoarse	joy	hoarse
hoarse	negative	hoarse
hoarse	positive	hoarse
hoarse	sadness	hoarse
hoarse	surprise	hoarse
hoarse	trust	hoarse
scope	anger	alcance
scope	anticipation	de alcance
scope	disgust	de alcance
scope	fear	de alcance
scope	joy	alcance
scope	negative	de alcance
scope	positive	de alcance
scope	sadness	de alcance
scope	surprise	alcance
scope	trust	de alcance
notables	anger	notables
notables	anticipation	notables
notables	disgust	notables
notables	fear	notables
notables	joy	notables
notables	negative	notables
notables	positive	notables
notables	sadness	notables
notables	surprise	notables
notables	trust	notables
magic	anger	mágico
magic	anticipation	mágico
magic	disgust	mágico
magic	fear	mágico
magic	joy	mágico
magic	negative	mágico
magic	positive	mágico
magic	sadness	mágico
magic	surprise	mágico
magic	trust	mágico
baccarat	anger	baccarat
baccarat	anticipation	baccarat
baccarat	disgust	baccarat
baccarat	fear	baccarat
baccarat	joy	baccarat
baccarat	negative	baccarat
baccarat	positive	baccarat
baccarat	sadness	baccarat
baccarat	surprise	baccarat
baccarat	trust	baccarat
freezer	anger	congelador
freezer	anticipation	de congelador
freezer	disgust	de congelador
freezer	fear	de congelador
freezer	joy	congelador
freezer	negative	de congelador
freezer	positive	de congelador
freezer	sadness	de congelador
freezer	surprise	daño
freezer	trust	de daño
harm	anger	de congelador
harm	anticipation	de congelador
harm	disgust	daño
harm	fear	de daño
harm	joy	de daño
harm	negative	de daño
harm	positive	daño
harm	sadness	de daño
harm	surprise	de daño
harm	trust	de daño
brain	anger	cerebro
brain	anticipation	de cerebro
brain	disgust	de cerebro
brain	fear	de cerebro
brain	joy	cerebro
brain	negative	de cerebro
brain	positive	de cerebro
brain	sadness	de cerebro
brain	surprise	enclave
brain	trust	de enclave
enclave	anger	de cerebro
enclave	anticipation	de cerebro
enclave	disgust	enclave
enclave	fear	de enclave
enclave	joy	de enclave
enclave	negative	de enclave
enclave	positive	enclave
enclave	sadness	de enclave
enclave	surprise	de enclave
enclave	trust	de enclave
binomial	anger	binomial
binomial	anticipation	binomial
binomial	disgust	binomial
binomial	fear	binomial
binomial	joy	binomial
binomial	negative	binomial
binomial	positive	binomial
binomial	sadness	binomial
binomial	surprise	binomial
binomial	trust	binomial
overshadow	anger	overshadow
overshadow	anticipation	overshadow
overshadow	disgust	overshadow
overshadow	fear	overshadow
overshadow	joy	overshadow
overshadow	negative	overshadow
overshadow	positive	overshadow
overshadow	sadness	overshadow
overshadow	surprise	overshadow
overshadow	trust	overshadow
halo	anger	halo
halo	anticipation	halo
halo	disgust	halo
halo	fear	halo
halo	joy	halo
halo	negative	halo
halo	positive	halo
halo	sadness	halo
halo	surprise	halo
halo	trust	halo
rail	anger	raíl
rail	anticipation	de raíl
rail	disgust	de raíl
rail	fear	de raíl
rail	joy	raíl
rail	negative	de raíl
rail	positive	de raíl
rail	sadness	de raíl
rail	surprise	raíl
rail	trust	de raíl
injurious	anger	injurious
injurious	anticipation	injurious
injurious	disgust	injurious
injurious	fear	injurious
injurious	joy	injurious
injurious	negative	injurious
injurious	positive	injurious
injurious	sadness	injurious
injurious	surprise	injurious
injurious	trust	injurious
gift	anger	regalo
gift	anticipation	de regalo
gift	disgust	de regalo
gift	fear	de regalo
gift	joy	regalo
gift	negative	de regalo
gift	positive	de regalo
gift	sadness	de regalo
gift	surprise	premier
gift	trust	de premier
premier	anger	de regalo
premier	anticipation	de regalo
premier	disgust	premier
premier	fear	de premier
premier	joy	de premier
premier	negative	de premier
premier	positive	premier
premier	sadness	de premier
premier	surprise	de premier
premier	trust	de premier
wrongful	anger	wrongful
wrongful	anticipation	wrongful
wrongful	disgust	wrongful
wrongful	fear	wrongful
wrongful	joy	wrongful
wrongful	negative	wrongful
wrongful	positive	wrongful
wrongful	sadness	wrongful
wrongful	surprise	wrongful
wrongful	trust	wrongful
indemnity	anger	indemnity
indemnity	anticipation	indemnity
indemnity	disgust	indemnity
indemnity	fear	indemnity
indemnity	joy	indemnity
indemnity	negative	indemnity
indemnity	positive	indemnity
indemnity	sadness	indemnity
indemnity	surprise	indemnity
indemnity	trust	indemnity
curiosity	anger	curiosidad
curiosity	anticipation	de curiosidad
curiosity	disgust	de curiosidad
curiosity	fear	de curiosidad
curiosity	joy	curiosidad
curiosity	negative	de curiosidad
curiosity	positive	de curiosidad
curiosity	sadness	de curiosidad
curiosity	surprise	eficacia
curiosity	trust	de eficacia
efficiency	anger	de curiosidad
efficiency	anticipation	de curiosidad
efficiency	disgust	eficacia
efficiency	fear	de eficacia
efficiency	joy	de eficacia
efficiency	negative	de eficacia
efficiency	positive	eficacia
efficiency	sadness	de eficacia
efficiency	surprise	de eficacia
efficiency	trust	de eficacia
taste	anger	gusto
taste	anticipation	de gusto
taste	disgust	de gusto
taste	fear	de gusto
taste	joy	gusto
taste	negative	de gusto
taste	positive	de gusto
taste	sadness	de gusto
taste	surprise	gusto
taste	trust	de gusto
conscience	anger	conscience
conscience	anticipation	conscience
conscience	disgust	conscience
conscience	fear	conscience
conscience	joy	conscience
conscience	negative	conscience
conscience	positive	conscience
conscience	sadness	conscience
conscience	surprise	conscience
conscience	trust	conscience
frayed	anger	desgastó
frayed	anticipation	desgastado
frayed	disgust	desgastó
frayed	fear	desgastado
frayed	joy	desgastó
frayed	negative	desgastado
frayed	positive	desgastó
frayed	sadness	desgastado
frayed	surprise	desgastó
frayed	trust	desgastado
informer	anger	informer
informer	anticipation	informer
informer	disgust	informer
informer	fear	informer
informer	joy	informer
informer	negative	informer
informer	positive	informer
informer	sadness	informer
informer	surprise	informer
informer	trust	informer
inactivation	anger	inactivation
inactivation	anticipation	inactivation
inactivation	disgust	inactivation
inactivation	fear	inactivation
inactivation	joy	inactivation
inactivation	negative	inactivation
inactivation	positive	inactivation
inactivation	sadness	inactivation
inactivation	surprise	inactivation
inactivation	trust	inactivation
rift	anger	rift
rift	anticipation	de rift
rift	disgust	de rift
rift	fear	de rift
rift	joy	rift
rift	negative	de rift
rift	positive	de rift
rift	sadness	de rift
rift	surprise	rift
rift	trust	de rift
bestial	anger	bestial
bestial	anticipation	bestial
bestial	disgust	bestial
bestial	fear	bestial
bestial	joy	bestial
bestial	negative	bestial
bestial	positive	bestial
bestial	sadness	carpintero
bestial	surprise	de carpintero
bestial	trust	bestial
carpenter	anger	bestial
carpenter	anticipation	bestial
carpenter	disgust	carpintero
carpenter	fear	de carpintero
carpenter	joy	de carpintero
carpenter	negative	de carpintero
carpenter	positive	carpintero
carpenter	sadness	de carpintero
carpenter	surprise	de carpintero
carpenter	trust	de carpintero
planet	anger	planeta
planet	anticipation	de planeta
planet	disgust	de planeta
planet	fear	de planeta
planet	joy	planeta
planet	negative	de planeta
planet	positive	de planeta
planet	sadness	de planeta
planet	surprise	jurado
planet	trust	de jurado
jury	anger	de planeta
jury	anticipation	de planeta
jury	disgust	jurado
jury	fear	de jurado
jury	joy	de jurado
jury	negative	de jurado
jury	positive	jurado
jury	sadness	de jurado
jury	surprise	de jurado
jury	trust	de jurado
medium	anger	medio
medium	anticipation	de medio
medium	disgust	de medio
medium	fear	de medio
medium	joy	medio
medium	negative	de medio
medium	positive	de medio
medium	sadness	de medio
medium	surprise	raíz
medium	trust	de raíz
root	anger	de medio
root	anticipation	de medio
root	disgust	raíz
root	fear	de raíz
root	joy	de raíz
root	negative	de raíz
root	positive	raíz
root	sadness	de raíz
root	surprise	de raíz
root	trust	de raíz
dominate	anger	domina
dominate	anticipation	dominar
dominate	disgust	dominar
dominate	fear	dominar
dominate	joy	dominar
dominate	negative	dominar
dominate	positive	dominar
dominate	sadness	dominar
dominate	surprise	dominar
dominate	trust	dominar
bruise	anger	moratón
bruise	anticipation	de moratón
bruise	disgust	de moratón
bruise	fear	de moratón
bruise	joy	moratón
bruise	negative	de moratón
bruise	positive	de moratón
bruise	sadness	de moratón
bruise	surprise	elegancia
bruise	trust	de elegancia
elegance	anger	de moratón
elegance	anticipation	de moratón
elegance	disgust	elegancia
elegance	fear	de elegancia
elegance	joy	de elegancia
elegance	negative	de elegancia
elegance	positive	elegancia
elegance	sadness	de elegancia
elegance	surprise	de elegancia
elegance	trust	de elegancia
silvery	anger	silvery
silvery	anticipation	silvery
silvery	disgust	silvery
silvery	fear	silvery
silvery	joy	silvery
silvery	negative	silvery
silvery	positive	silvery
silvery	sadness	silvery
silvery	surprise	silvery
silvery	trust	silvery
relaxant	anger	relaxant
relaxant	anticipation	relaxant
relaxant	disgust	relaxant
relaxant	fear	relaxant
relaxant	joy	relaxant
relaxant	negative	relaxant
relaxant	positive	relaxant
relaxant	sadness	relaxant
relaxant	surprise	relaxant
relaxant	trust	relaxant
voyager	anger	voyager
voyager	anticipation	voyager
voyager	disgust	voyager
voyager	fear	voyager
voyager	joy	voyager
voyager	negative	voyager
voyager	positive	voyager
voyager	sadness	voyager
voyager	surprise	voyager
voyager	trust	voyager
reverent	anger	reverent
reverent	anticipation	reverent
reverent	disgust	reverent
reverent	fear	reverent
reverent	joy	reverent
reverent	negative	reverent
reverent	positive	reverent
reverent	sadness	reverent
reverent	surprise	reverent
reverent	trust	reverent
bale	anger	bale
bale	anticipation	
bale	disgust	bale
bale	fear	bale
bale	joy	bale
bale	negative	bale
bale	positive	bale
bale	sadness	bale
bale	surprise	bale
bale	trust	bale
greasy	anger	bale
greasy	anticipation	grasiento grasiento
greasy	disgust	grasiento
greasy	fear	grasiento
greasy	joy	grasiento
greasy	negative	grasiento
greasy	positive	grasiento
greasy	sadness	grasiento
greasy	surprise	grasiento
greasy	trust	grasiento
decimal	anger	decimal
decimal	anticipation	decimal
decimal	disgust	decimal
decimal	fear	decimal
decimal	joy	decimal
decimal	negative	decimal
decimal	positive	decimal
decimal	sadness	decimal
decimal	surprise	decimal
decimal	trust	decimal
amidst	anger	entre
amidst	anticipation	entre
amidst	disgust	entre
amidst	fear	entre
amidst	joy	entre
amidst	negative	entre
amidst	positive	entre
amidst	sadness	entre
amidst	surprise	entre
amidst	trust	entre
astronaut	anger	astronauta
astronaut	anticipation	de astronauta
astronaut	disgust	de astronauta
astronaut	fear	de astronauta
astronaut	joy	astronauta
astronaut	negative	de astronauta
astronaut	positive	de astronauta
astronaut	sadness	de astronauta
astronaut	surprise	piano
astronaut	trust	de piano
piano	anger	de astronauta
piano	anticipation	de astronauta
piano	disgust	piano
piano	fear	de piano
piano	joy	de piano
piano	negative	de piano
piano	positive	piano
piano	sadness	de piano
piano	surprise	de piano
piano	trust	de piano
search	anger	búsqueda
search	anticipation	de búsqueda
search	disgust	de búsqueda
search	fear	de búsqueda
search	joy	búsqueda
search	negative	de búsqueda
search	positive	de búsqueda
search	sadness	de búsqueda
search	surprise	búsqueda
search	trust	de búsqueda
turnkey	anger	turnkey
turnkey	anticipation	turnkey
turnkey	disgust	turnkey
turnkey	fear	turnkey
turnkey	joy	turnkey
turnkey	negative	turnkey
turnkey	positive	turnkey
turnkey	sadness	turnkey
turnkey	surprise	turnkey
turnkey	trust	turnkey
aerial	anger	aéreo
aerial	anticipation	aéreo
aerial	disgust	aéreo
aerial	fear	aéreo
aerial	joy	aéreo
aerial	negative	aéreo
aerial	positive	aéreo
aerial	sadness	proeza
aerial	surprise	de proeza
aerial	trust	aérea
exploit	anger	aérea
exploit	anticipation	aérea
exploit	disgust	proeza
exploit	fear	de proeza
exploit	joy	de proeza
exploit	negative	de proeza
exploit	positive	proeza
exploit	sadness	de proeza
exploit	surprise	de proeza
exploit	trust	de proeza
rave	anger	rave
rave	anticipation	rave
rave	disgust	rave
rave	fear	rave
rave	joy	rave
rave	negative	rave
rave	positive	rave
rave	sadness	rave
rave	surprise	rave
rave	trust	rave
apartment	anger	apartamento
apartment	anticipation	de apartamento
apartment	disgust	de apartamento
apartment	fear	de apartamento
apartment	joy	apartamento
apartment	negative	de apartamento
apartment	positive	de apartamento
apartment	sadness	de apartamento
apartment	surprise	perspectiva
apartment	trust	de perspectiva
perspective	anger	de apartamento
perspective	anticipation	de apartamento
perspective	disgust	perspectiva
perspective	fear	de perspectiva
perspective	joy	de perspectiva
perspective	negative	de perspectiva
perspective	positive	perspectiva
perspective	sadness	de perspectiva
perspective	surprise	de perspectiva
perspective	trust	de perspectiva
armory	anger	armory
armory	anticipation	armory
armory	disgust	armory
armory	fear	armory
armory	joy	armory
armory	negative	armory
armory	positive	armory
armory	sadness	armory
armory	surprise	armory
armory	trust	armory
excavate	anger	excavar
excavate	anticipation	excavar
excavate	disgust	excavar
excavate	fear	excavar
excavate	joy	excavar
excavate	negative	excavar
excavate	positive	excavar
excavate	sadness	excavar
excavate	surprise	excavar
excavate	trust	excavar
chairwoman	anger	chairwoman
chairwoman	anticipation	chairwoman
chairwoman	disgust	chairwoman
chairwoman	fear	chairwoman
chairwoman	joy	chairwoman
chairwoman	negative	chairwoman
chairwoman	positive	chairwoman
chairwoman	sadness	chairwoman
chairwoman	surprise	chairwoman
chairwoman	trust	chairwoman
invert	anger	invert
invert	anticipation	invert
invert	disgust	invert
invert	fear	invert
invert	joy	invert
invert	negative	invert
invert	positive	invert
invert	sadness	invert
invert	surprise	invert
invert	trust	invert
niece	anger	sobrina
niece	anticipation	de sobrina
niece	disgust	de sobrina
niece	fear	de sobrina
niece	joy	sobrina
niece	negative	de sobrina
niece	positive	de sobrina
niece	sadness	de sobrina
niece	surprise	sobrina
niece	trust	de sobrina
aloof	anger	distante
aloof	anticipation	distante
aloof	disgust	distante
aloof	fear	distante
aloof	joy	distante
aloof	negative	distante
aloof	positive	distante
aloof	sadness	beneficio
aloof	surprise	de beneficio
aloof	trust	distante
gain	anger	distante
gain	anticipation	distante
gain	disgust	beneficio
gain	fear	de beneficio
gain	joy	de beneficio
gain	negative	de beneficio
gain	positive	beneficio
gain	sadness	de beneficio
gain	surprise	de beneficio
gain	trust	de beneficio
guarded	anger	guarded
guarded	anticipation	guarded
guarded	disgust	guarded
guarded	fear	guarded
guarded	joy	guarded
guarded	negative	guarded
guarded	positive	guarded
guarded	sadness	guarded
guarded	surprise	guarded
guarded	trust	guarded
storming	anger	storming
storming	anticipation	storming
storming	disgust	storming
storming	fear	storming
storming	joy	storming
storming	negative	storming
storming	positive	storming
storming	sadness	storming
storming	surprise	storming
storming	trust	storming
rightful	anger	rightful
rightful	anticipation	rightful
rightful	disgust	rightful
rightful	fear	rightful
rightful	joy	rightful
rightful	negative	rightful
rightful	positive	rightful
rightful	sadness	rightful
rightful	surprise	rightful
rightful	trust	rightful
react	anger	reaccionar
react	anticipation	reaccionar
react	disgust	reaccionar
react	fear	reaccionar
react	joy	reaccionar
react	negative	reaccionar
react	positive	reaccionar
react	sadness	reaccionar
react	surprise	reaccionar
react	trust	reaccionar
abstract	anger	abstracto
abstract	anticipation	abstracto
abstract	disgust	abstracto
abstract	fear	abstracto
abstract	joy	abstracto
abstract	negative	abstracto
abstract	positive	abstracto
abstract	sadness	abstracto
abstract	surprise	abstracto
abstract	trust	abstracto
obstinate	anger	obstinate
obstinate	anticipation	obstinate
obstinate	disgust	obstinate
obstinate	fear	obstinate
obstinate	joy	obstinate
obstinate	negative	obstinate
obstinate	positive	obstinate
obstinate	sadness	obstinate
obstinate	surprise	obstinate
obstinate	trust	obstinate
major	anger	importante
major	anticipation	importante
major	disgust	importante
major	fear	importante
major	joy	importante
major	negative	importante
major	positive	importante
major	sadness	mantequera
major	surprise	de mantequera
major	trust	importante
churn	anger	importante
churn	anticipation	importante
churn	disgust	mantequera
churn	fear	de mantequera
churn	joy	de mantequera
churn	negative	de mantequera
churn	positive	mantequera
churn	sadness	de mantequera
churn	surprise	de mantequera
churn	trust	de mantequera
wholly	anger	completamente
wholly	anticipation	completamente
wholly	disgust	completamente
wholly	fear	completamente
wholly	joy	completamente
wholly	negative	completamente
wholly	positive	completamente
wholly	sadness	completamente
wholly	surprise	completamente
wholly	trust	completamente
praxis	anger	praxis
praxis	anticipation	praxis
praxis	disgust	praxis
praxis	fear	praxis
praxis	joy	praxis
praxis	negative	praxis
praxis	positive	praxis
praxis	sadness	praxis
praxis	surprise	praxis
praxis	trust	praxis
metamorphosis	anger	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	anticipation	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	disgust	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	fear	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	joy	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	negative	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	positive	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	sadness	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	surprise	metamorphosis
metamorphosis	trust	metamorphosis
forget	anger	olvidar
forget	anticipation	olvidar
forget	disgust	olvidar
forget	fear	olvidar
forget	joy	olvidar
forget	negative	olvidar
forget	positive	olvidar
forget	sadness	olvidar
forget	surprise	olvidar
forget	trust	olvidar
larceny	anger	larceny
larceny	anticipation	larceny
larceny	disgust	larceny
larceny	fear	larceny
larceny	joy	larceny
larceny	negative	larceny
larceny	positive	larceny
larceny	sadness	larceny
larceny	surprise	larceny
larceny	trust	larceny
absent	anger	ausente
absent	anticipation	ausente
absent	disgust	ausente
absent	fear	ausente
absent	joy	ausente
absent	negative	ausente
absent	positive	ausente
absent	sadness	expedición
absent	surprise	de expedición
absent	trust	ausente
expedition	anger	ausente
expedition	anticipation	ausente
expedition	disgust	expedición
expedition	fear	de expedición
expedition	joy	de expedición
expedition	negative	de expedición
expedition	positive	expedición
expedition	sadness	de expedición
expedition	surprise	de expedición
expedition	trust	de expedición
sepia	anger	sepia
sepia	anticipation	de sepia
sepia	disgust	de sepia
sepia	fear	de sepia
sepia	joy	sepia
sepia	negative	de sepia
sepia	positive	de sepia
sepia	sadness	de sepia
sepia	surprise	sepia
sepia	trust	de sepia
mystic	anger	mística
mystic	anticipation	místico
mystic	disgust	místico
mystic	fear	místico
mystic	joy	místico
mystic	negative	místico
mystic	positive	místico
mystic	sadness	pillaje
mystic	surprise	de pillaje
mystic	trust	místico
pillage	anger	místico
pillage	anticipation	místico
pillage	disgust	pillaje
pillage	fear	de pillaje
pillage	joy	de pillaje
pillage	negative	de pillaje
pillage	positive	pillaje
pillage	sadness	de pillaje
pillage	surprise	de pillaje
pillage	trust	de pillaje
bastard	anger	bastardo
bastard	anticipation	de bastardo
bastard	disgust	de bastardo
bastard	fear	de bastardo
bastard	joy	bastardo
bastard	negative	de bastardo
bastard	positive	de bastardo
bastard	sadness	de bastardo
bastard	surprise	competición
bastard	trust	de competición
competition	anger	de bastardo
competition	anticipation	de bastardo
competition	disgust	competición
competition	fear	de competición
competition	joy	de competición
competition	negative	de competición
competition	positive	competición
competition	sadness	de competición
competition	surprise	de competición
competition	trust	de competición
attire	anger	atuendo
attire	anticipation	de atuendo
attire	disgust	de atuendo
attire	fear	de atuendo
attire	joy	atuendo
attire	negative	de atuendo
attire	positive	de atuendo
attire	sadness	de atuendo
attire	surprise	atuendo
attire	trust	de atuendo
combined	anger	combinó
combined	anticipation	combinado
combined	disgust	combinó
combined	fear	combinado
combined	joy	combinó
combined	negative	combinado
combined	positive	combinó
combined	sadness	combinado
combined	surprise	combinó
combined	trust	combinado
chuck	anger	echar
chuck	anticipation	echar
chuck	disgust	echar
chuck	fear	echar
chuck	joy	echar
chuck	negative	echar
chuck	positive	echar
chuck	sadness	echar
chuck	surprise	echar
chuck	trust	echar
thin	anger	delgado
thin	anticipation	delgado
thin	disgust	delgado
thin	fear	delgado
thin	joy	delgado
thin	negative	delgado
thin	positive	delgado
thin	sadness	delgado
thin	surprise	delgado
thin	trust	delgado
outlaw	anger	outlaw
outlaw	anticipation	outlaw
outlaw	disgust	outlaw
outlaw	fear	outlaw
outlaw	joy	outlaw
outlaw	negative	outlaw
outlaw	positive	outlaw
outlaw	sadness	outlaw
outlaw	surprise	outlaw
outlaw	trust	outlaw
hammock	anger	hammock
hammock	anticipation	hammock
hammock	disgust	hammock
hammock	fear	hammock
hammock	joy	hammock
hammock	negative	hammock
hammock	positive	hammock
hammock	sadness	hammock
hammock	surprise	hammock
hammock	trust	hammock
consciousness	anger	consciencia
consciousness	anticipation	de consciencia
consciousness	disgust	de consciencia
consciousness	fear	de consciencia
consciousness	joy	consciencia
consciousness	negative	de consciencia
consciousness	positive	de consciencia
consciousness	sadness	de consciencia
consciousness	surprise	consciencia
consciousness	trust	de consciencia
fearful	anger	temerosa
fearful	anticipation	temeroso
fearful	disgust	temeroso
fearful	fear	temeroso
fearful	joy	temeroso
fearful	negative	temeroso
fearful	positive	temeroso
fearful	sadness	juego
fearful	surprise	de juego
fearful	trust	temeroso
play	anger	temeroso
play	anticipation	temeroso
play	disgust	juego
play	fear	de juego
play	joy	de juego
play	negative	de juego
play	positive	juego
play	sadness	de juego
play	surprise	de juego
play	trust	de juego
snow	anger	nieve
snow	anticipation	de nieve
snow	disgust	de nieve
snow	fear	de nieve
snow	joy	nieve
snow	negative	de nieve
snow	positive	de nieve
snow	sadness	de nieve
snow	surprise	accionista
snow	trust	de accionista
shareholder	anger	de nieve
shareholder	anticipation	de nieve
shareholder	disgust	accionista
shareholder	fear	de accionista
shareholder	joy	de accionista
shareholder	negative	de accionista
shareholder	positive	accionista
shareholder	sadness	de accionista
shareholder	surprise	de accionista
shareholder	trust	de accionista
freak	anger	freak
freak	anticipation	freak
freak	disgust	freak
freak	fear	freak
freak	joy	freak
freak	negative	freak
freak	positive	freak
freak	sadness	freak
freak	surprise	freak
freak	trust	freak
bulge	anger	bulge
bulge	anticipation	bulge
bulge	disgust	bulge
bulge	fear	bulge
bulge	joy	bulge
bulge	negative	bulge
bulge	positive	bulge
bulge	sadness	bulge
bulge	surprise	bulge
bulge	trust	bulge
fugitive	anger	fugitivo
fugitive	anticipation	fugitivo
fugitive	disgust	fugitivo
fugitive	fear	fugitivo
fugitive	joy	fugitivo
fugitive	negative	fugitivo
fugitive	positive	fugitivo
fugitive	sadness	fugitivo
fugitive	surprise	fugitivo
fugitive	trust	fugitivo
tine	anger	tine
tine	anticipation	tine
tine	disgust	tine
tine	fear	tine
tine	joy	tine
tine	negative	tine
tine	positive	tine
tine	sadness	tine
tine	surprise	tine
tine	trust	tine
symptomatic	anger	symptomatic
symptomatic	anticipation	symptomatic
symptomatic	disgust	symptomatic
symptomatic	fear	symptomatic
symptomatic	joy	symptomatic
symptomatic	negative	symptomatic
symptomatic	positive	symptomatic
symptomatic	sadness	symptomatic
symptomatic	surprise	symptomatic
symptomatic	trust	symptomatic
conflicting	anger	chocando
conflicting	anticipation	chocando
conflicting	disgust	chocando
conflicting	fear	chocando
conflicting	joy	chocando
conflicting	negative	chocando
conflicting	positive	chocando
conflicting	sadness	chocando
conflicting	surprise	chocando
conflicting	trust	chocando
noise	anger	ruido
noise	anticipation	de ruido
noise	disgust	de ruido
noise	fear	de ruido
noise	joy	ruido
noise	negative	de ruido
noise	positive	de ruido
noise	sadness	de ruido
noise	surprise	ruido
noise	trust	de ruido
astringent	anger	astringent
astringent	anticipation	astringent
astringent	disgust	astringent
astringent	fear	astringent
astringent	joy	astringent
astringent	negative	astringent
astringent	positive	astringent
astringent	sadness	astringent
astringent	surprise	astringent
astringent	trust	astringent
embers	anger	rescoldos
embers	anticipation	de rescoldos
embers	disgust	de rescoldos
embers	fear	de rescoldos
embers	joy	rescoldos
embers	negative	de rescoldos
embers	positive	de rescoldos
embers	sadness	de rescoldos
embers	surprise	rescoldos
embers	trust	de rescoldos
forfeiture	anger	forfeiture
forfeiture	anticipation	forfeiture
forfeiture	disgust	forfeiture
forfeiture	fear	forfeiture
forfeiture	joy	forfeiture
forfeiture	negative	forfeiture
forfeiture	positive	forfeiture
forfeiture	sadness	forfeiture
forfeiture	surprise	forfeiture
forfeiture	trust	forfeiture
cruel	anger	crueles
cruel	anticipation	crueles
cruel	disgust	crueles
cruel	fear	crueles
cruel	joy	crueles
cruel	negative	crueles
cruel	positive	crueles
cruel	sadness	crueles
cruel	surprise	crueles
cruel	trust	crueles
refit	anger	refit
refit	anticipation	refit
refit	disgust	refit
refit	fear	refit
refit	joy	refit
refit	negative	refit
refit	positive	refit
refit	sadness	refit
refit	surprise	refit
refit	trust	refit
acreage	anger	acreage
acreage	anticipation	acreage
acreage	disgust	acreage
acreage	fear	acreage
acreage	joy	acreage
acreage	negative	acreage
acreage	positive	acreage
acreage	sadness	acreage
acreage	surprise	acreage
acreage	trust	acreage
fanning	anger	abanicando
fanning	anticipation	abanicando
fanning	disgust	abanicando
fanning	fear	abanicando
fanning	joy	abanicando
fanning	negative	abanicando
fanning	positive	abanicando
fanning	sadness	abanicando
fanning	surprise	abanicando
fanning	trust	abanicando
dastardly	anger	dastardly
dastardly	anticipation	dastardly
dastardly	disgust	dastardly
dastardly	fear	dastardly
dastardly	joy	dastardly
dastardly	negative	dastardly
dastardly	positive	dastardly
dastardly	sadness	dastardly
dastardly	surprise	dastardly
dastardly	trust	dastardly
filings	anger	filings
filings	anticipation	filings
filings	disgust	filings
filings	fear	filings
filings	joy	filings
filings	negative	filings
filings	positive	filings
filings	sadness	filings
filings	surprise	filings
filings	trust	filings
foregone	anger	foregone
foregone	anticipation	foregone
foregone	disgust	foregone
foregone	fear	foregone
foregone	joy	foregone
foregone	negative	foregone
foregone	positive	foregone
foregone	sadness	foregone
foregone	surprise	foregone
foregone	trust	foregone
migrate	anger	emigrar
migrate	anticipation	emigrar
migrate	disgust	emigrar
migrate	fear	emigrar
migrate	joy	emigrar
migrate	negative	emigrar
migrate	positive	emigrar
migrate	sadness	emigrar
migrate	surprise	emigrar
migrate	trust	emigrar
modest	anger	modesto
modest	anticipation	modesto
modest	disgust	modesto
modest	fear	modesto
modest	joy	modesto
modest	negative	modesto
modest	positive	modesto
modest	sadness	vigor
modest	surprise	de vigor
modest	trust	modesto
vigor	anger	modesto
vigor	anticipation	modesto
vigor	disgust	vigor
vigor	fear	de vigor
vigor	joy	de vigor
vigor	negative	de vigor
vigor	positive	vigor
vigor	sadness	de vigor
vigor	surprise	de vigor
vigor	trust	de vigor
terminus	anger	terminus
terminus	anticipation	terminus
terminus	disgust	terminus
terminus	fear	terminus
terminus	joy	terminus
terminus	negative	terminus
terminus	positive	terminus
terminus	sadness	terminus
terminus	surprise	terminus
terminus	trust	terminus
undertaker	anger	undertaker
undertaker	anticipation	undertaker
undertaker	disgust	undertaker
undertaker	fear	undertaker
undertaker	joy	undertaker
undertaker	negative	undertaker
undertaker	positive	undertaker
undertaker	sadness	undertaker
undertaker	surprise	undertaker
undertaker	trust	undertaker
scab	anger	scab
scab	anticipation	scab
scab	disgust	scab
scab	fear	scab
scab	joy	scab
scab	negative	scab
scab	positive	scab
scab	sadness	scab
scab	surprise	scab
scab	trust	scab
temperate	anger	templado
temperate	anticipation	templado
temperate	disgust	templado
temperate	fear	templado
temperate	joy	templado
temperate	negative	templado
temperate	positive	templado
temperate	sadness	templado
temperate	surprise	templado
temperate	trust	templado
storehouse	anger	storehouse
storehouse	anticipation	storehouse
storehouse	disgust	storehouse
storehouse	fear	storehouse
storehouse	joy	storehouse
storehouse	negative	storehouse
storehouse	positive	storehouse
storehouse	sadness	storehouse
storehouse	surprise	storehouse
storehouse	trust	storehouse
beading	anger	goteando
beading	anticipation	goteando
beading	disgust	goteando
beading	fear	goteando
beading	joy	goteando
beading	negative	goteando
beading	positive	goteando
beading	sadness	goteando
beading	surprise	goteando
beading	trust	goteando
scum	anger	escoria
scum	anticipation	de escoria
scum	disgust	de escoria
scum	fear	de escoria
scum	joy	escoria
scum	negative	de escoria
scum	positive	de escoria
scum	sadness	de escoria
scum	surprise	gallo
scum	trust	de gallo
cock	anger	de escoria
cock	anticipation	de escoria
cock	disgust	gallo
cock	fear	de gallo
cock	joy	de gallo
cock	negative	de gallo
cock	positive	gallo
cock	sadness	de gallo
cock	surprise	de gallo
cock	trust	de gallo
writ	anger	writ
writ	anticipation	writ
writ	disgust	writ
writ	fear	writ
writ	joy	writ
writ	negative	writ
writ	positive	writ
writ	sadness	writ
writ	surprise	writ
writ	trust	writ
prompt	anger	puntual
prompt	anticipation	puntual
prompt	disgust	puntual
prompt	fear	puntual
prompt	joy	puntual
prompt	negative	puntual
prompt	positive	puntual
prompt	sadness	puntual
prompt	surprise	puntual
prompt	trust	puntual
confess	anger	confesar
confess	anticipation	confesar
confess	disgust	confesar
confess	fear	confesar
confess	joy	confesar
confess	negative	confesar
confess	positive	confesar
confess	sadness	confesar
confess	surprise	confesar
confess	trust	confesar
optionally	anger	opcionalmente
optionally	anticipation	opcionalmente
optionally	disgust	opcionalmente
optionally	fear	opcionalmente
optionally	joy	opcionalmente
optionally	negative	opcionalmente
optionally	positive	opcionalmente
optionally	sadness	opcionalmente
optionally	surprise	opcionalmente
optionally	trust	opcionalmente
distraction	anger	distracción
distraction	anticipation	de distracción
distraction	disgust	de distracción
distraction	fear	de distracción
distraction	joy	distracción
distraction	negative	de distracción
distraction	positive	de distracción
distraction	sadness	de distracción
distraction	surprise	distracción
distraction	trust	de distracción
experimenter	anger	experimenter
experimenter	anticipation	experimenter
experimenter	disgust	experimenter
experimenter	fear	experimenter
experimenter	joy	experimenter
experimenter	negative	experimenter
experimenter	positive	experimenter
experimenter	sadness	experimenter
experimenter	surprise	experimenter
experimenter	trust	experimenter
spade	anger	pala
spade	anticipation	de pala
spade	disgust	de pala
spade	fear	de pala
spade	joy	pala
spade	negative	de pala
spade	positive	de pala
spade	sadness	de pala
spade	surprise	broma
spade	trust	de broma
prank	anger	de pala
prank	anticipation	de pala
prank	disgust	broma
prank	fear	de broma
prank	joy	de broma
prank	negative	de broma
prank	positive	broma
prank	sadness	de broma
prank	surprise	de broma
prank	trust	de broma que
tempting	anger	tienta
tempting	anticipation	tentador
tempting	disgust	tentador
tempting	fear	tentador
tempting	joy	tentador
tempting	negative	tentador
tempting	positive	tentador
tempting	sadness	tentador
tempting	surprise	tentador
tempting	trust	tentador
rags	anger	rags
rags	anticipation	rags
rags	disgust	rags
rags	fear	rags
rags	joy	rags
rags	negative	rags
rags	positive	rags
rags	sadness	rags
rags	surprise	rags
rags	trust	rags
tumour	anger	tumour
tumour	anticipation	tumour
tumour	disgust	tumour
tumour	fear	tumour
tumour	joy	tumour
tumour	negative	tumour
tumour	positive	tumour
tumour	sadness	tumour
tumour	surprise	tumour
tumour	trust	tumour
elevator	anger	ascensor
elevator	anticipation	de ascensor
elevator	disgust	de ascensor
elevator	fear	de ascensor
elevator	joy	ascensor
elevator	negative	de ascensor
elevator	positive	de ascensor
elevator	sadness	de ascensor
elevator	surprise	ascensor
elevator	trust	de ascensor
oftentimes	anger	oftentimes
oftentimes	anticipation	oftentimes
oftentimes	disgust	oftentimes
oftentimes	fear	oftentimes
oftentimes	joy	oftentimes
oftentimes	negative	oftentimes
oftentimes	positive	oftentimes
oftentimes	sadness	oftentimes
oftentimes	surprise	oftentimes
oftentimes	trust	oftentimes
custom	anger	hecho de encargo
custom	anticipation	hecho de encargo
custom	disgust	hecho de encargo
custom	fear	hecho de encargo
custom	joy	hecho de encargo
custom	negative	hecho de encargo
custom	positive	hecho de encargo
custom	sadness	hecho de encargo
custom	surprise	hecho de encargo
custom	trust	hecho de encargo
horde	anger	horde
horde	anticipation	horde
horde	disgust	horde
horde	fear	horde
horde	joy	horde
horde	negative	horde
horde	positive	horde
horde	sadness	horde
horde	surprise	horde
horde	trust	horde
transference	anger	transference
transference	anticipation	transference
transference	disgust	transference
transference	fear	transference
transference	joy	transference
transference	negative	transference
transference	positive	transference
transference	sadness	transference
transference	surprise	transference
transference	trust	transference
ingrained	anger	ingrained
ingrained	anticipation	ingrained
ingrained	disgust	ingrained
ingrained	fear	ingrained
ingrained	joy	ingrained
ingrained	negative	ingrained
ingrained	positive	ingrained
ingrained	sadness	ingrained
ingrained	surprise	ingrained
ingrained	trust	ingrained
previous	anger	anterior
previous	anticipation	anterior
previous	disgust	anterior
previous	fear	anterior
previous	joy	anterior
previous	negative	anterior
previous	positive	anterior
previous	sadness	anterior
previous	surprise	anterior
previous	trust	anterior
slack	anger	slack
slack	anticipation	slack
slack	disgust	slack
slack	fear	slack
slack	joy	slack
slack	negative	slack
slack	positive	slack
slack	sadness	slack
slack	surprise	slack
slack	trust	slack
accelerate	anger	acelerar
accelerate	anticipation	acelerar
accelerate	disgust	acelerar
accelerate	fear	acelerar
accelerate	joy	acelerar
accelerate	negative	acelerar
accelerate	positive	acelerar
accelerate	sadness	acelerar
accelerate	surprise	acelerar
accelerate	trust	acelerar
regional	anger	regional
regional	anticipation	regional
regional	disgust	regional
regional	fear	regional
regional	joy	regional
regional	negative	regional
regional	positive	regional
regional	sadness	príncipe
regional	surprise	de príncipe
regional	trust	regional
prince	anger	regional
prince	anticipation	regional
prince	disgust	príncipe
prince	fear	de príncipe
prince	joy	de príncipe
prince	negative	de príncipe
prince	positive	príncipe
prince	sadness	de príncipe
prince	surprise	de príncipe
prince	trust	de príncipe
seal	anger	sello
seal	anticipation	de sello
seal	disgust	de sello
seal	fear	de sello
seal	joy	sello
seal	negative	de sello
seal	positive	de sello
seal	sadness	de sello
seal	surprise	sello
seal	trust	de sello
imagine	anger	imagina
imagine	anticipation	imaginar
imagine	disgust	imaginar
imagine	fear	imaginar
imagine	joy	imaginar
imagine	negative	imaginar
imagine	positive	imaginar
imagine	sadness	imaginar
imagine	surprise	imaginar
imagine	trust	imaginar
motorbike	anger	moto
motorbike	anticipation	de moto
motorbike	disgust	de moto
motorbike	fear	de moto
motorbike	joy	moto
motorbike	negative	de moto
motorbike	positive	de moto
motorbike	sadness	de moto
motorbike	surprise	moto
motorbike	trust	de moto que
orbiting	anger	orbita
orbiting	anticipation	orbitando
orbiting	disgust	orbitando
orbiting	fear	orbitando
orbiting	joy	orbitando
orbiting	negative	orbitando
orbiting	positive	orbitando
orbiting	sadness	orbitando
orbiting	surprise	orbitando
orbiting	trust	orbitando
lowly	anger	lowly
lowly	anticipation	lowly
lowly	disgust	lowly
lowly	fear	lowly
lowly	joy	lowly
lowly	negative	lowly
lowly	positive	lowly
lowly	sadness	lowly
lowly	surprise	lowly
lowly	trust	lowly
studied	anger	estudió
studied	anticipation	estudiado
studied	disgust	estudió
studied	fear	estudiado
studied	joy	estudió
studied	negative	estudiado
studied	positive	estudió
studied	sadness	estudiado
studied	surprise	estudió
studied	trust	estudiado
smoky	anger	smoky
smoky	anticipation	smoky
smoky	disgust	smoky
smoky	fear	smoky
smoky	joy	smoky
smoky	negative	smoky
smoky	positive	smoky
smoky	sadness	smoky
smoky	surprise	smoky
smoky	trust	smoky
insight	anger	idea
insight	anticipation	de idea
insight	disgust	de idea
insight	fear	de idea
insight	joy	idea
insight	negative	de idea
insight	positive	de idea
insight	sadness	de idea
insight	surprise	idea
insight	trust	de idea
interlude	anger	interlude
interlude	anticipation	interlude
interlude	disgust	interlude
interlude	fear	interlude
interlude	joy	interlude
interlude	negative	interlude
interlude	positive	interlude
interlude	sadness	interlude
interlude	surprise	interlude
interlude	trust	interlude
horticulture	anger	horticultura
horticulture	anticipation	de horticultura
horticulture	disgust	de horticultura
horticulture	fear	de horticultura
horticulture	joy	horticultura
horticulture	negative	de horticultura
horticulture	positive	de horticultura
horticulture	sadness	de horticultura
horticulture	surprise	discreción
horticulture	trust	de discreción
discretion	anger	de horticultura
discretion	anticipation	de horticultura
discretion	disgust	discreción
discretion	fear	de discreción
discretion	joy	de discreción
discretion	negative	de discreción
discretion	positive	discreción
discretion	sadness	de discreción
discretion	surprise	de discreción
discretion	trust	de discreción
autobiography	anger	autobiografía
autobiography	anticipation	de autobiografía
autobiography	disgust	de autobiografía
autobiography	fear	de autobiografía
autobiography	joy	autobiografía
autobiography	negative	de autobiografía
autobiography	positive	de autobiografía
autobiography	sadness	de autobiografía
autobiography	surprise	autobiografía
autobiography	trust	de autobiografía
unbearable	anger	unbearable
unbearable	anticipation	unbearable
unbearable	disgust	unbearable
unbearable	fear	unbearable
unbearable	joy	unbearable
unbearable	negative	unbearable
unbearable	positive	unbearable
unbearable	sadness	unbearable
unbearable	surprise	unbearable
unbearable	trust	unbearable
cracked	anger	agrietó
cracked	anticipation	agrietado
cracked	disgust	agrietó
cracked	fear	agrietado
cracked	joy	agrietó
cracked	negative	agrietado
cracked	positive	agrietó
cracked	sadness	agrietado
cracked	surprise	agrietó
cracked	trust	agrietado
bless	anger	bendecir
bless	anticipation	bendecir
bless	disgust	bendecir
bless	fear	bendecir
bless	joy	bendecir
bless	negative	bendecir
bless	positive	bendecir
bless	sadness	bendecir
bless	surprise	bendecir
bless	trust	bendecir
evangelist	anger	evangelista
evangelist	anticipation	evangelista
evangelist	disgust	evangelista
evangelist	fear	evangelista
evangelist	joy	evangelista
evangelist	negative	evangelista
evangelist	positive	evangelista
evangelist	sadness	cúmulo
evangelist	surprise	de cúmulo
evangelist	trust	evangelista
cumulus	anger	evangelista
cumulus	anticipation	evangelista
cumulus	disgust	cúmulo
cumulus	fear	de cúmulo
cumulus	joy	de cúmulo
cumulus	negative	de cúmulo
cumulus	positive	cúmulo
cumulus	sadness	de cúmulo
cumulus	surprise	de cúmulo
cumulus	trust	de cúmulo
nomadic	anger	nómada
nomadic	anticipation	nómada
nomadic	disgust	nómada
nomadic	fear	nómada
nomadic	joy	nómada
nomadic	negative	nómada
nomadic	positive	nómada
nomadic	sadness	nómada
nomadic	surprise	nómada
nomadic	trust	nómada
alarming	anger	alarmante
alarming	anticipation	alarmante
alarming	disgust	alarmante
alarming	fear	alarmante
alarming	joy	alarmante
alarming	negative	alarmante
alarming	positive	alarmante
alarming	sadness	risita
alarming	surprise	de risita
alarming	trust	alarmante
giggle	anger	alarmante
giggle	anticipation	alarmante
giggle	disgust	risita
giggle	fear	de risita
giggle	joy	de risita
giggle	negative	de risita
giggle	positive	risita
giggle	sadness	de risita
giggle	surprise	de risita
giggle	trust	de risita
graduation	anger	graduación
graduation	anticipation	de graduación
graduation	disgust	de graduación
graduation	fear	de graduación
graduation	joy	graduación
graduation	negative	de graduación
graduation	positive	de graduación
graduation	sadness	de graduación
graduation	surprise	graduación
graduation	trust	de graduación
nonexistent	anger	inexistente
nonexistent	anticipation	inexistente
nonexistent	disgust	inexistente
nonexistent	fear	inexistente
nonexistent	joy	inexistente
nonexistent	negative	inexistente
nonexistent	positive	inexistente
nonexistent	sadness	inexistente
nonexistent	surprise	inexistente
nonexistent	trust	inexistente
fluctuate	anger	fluctuar
fluctuate	anticipation	fluctuar
fluctuate	disgust	fluctuar
fluctuate	fear	fluctuar
fluctuate	joy	fluctuar
fluctuate	negative	fluctuar
fluctuate	positive	fluctuar
fluctuate	sadness	fluctuar
fluctuate	surprise	fluctuar
fluctuate	trust	fluctuar
seasoned	anger	condimentado
seasoned	anticipation	condimentó
seasoned	disgust	condimentado
seasoned	fear	condimentó
seasoned	joy	condimentado
seasoned	negative	condimentó
seasoned	positive	condimentado
seasoned	sadness	condimentó
seasoned	surprise	condimentó
seasoned	trust	el bit
bit	anger	condimentado
bit	anticipation	mordió
bit	disgust	mordió
bit	fear	mordió
bit	joy	mordió
bit	negative	mordió
bit	positive	mordió
bit	sadness	mordió
bit	surprise	mordió
bit	trust	mordió
laterally	anger	laterally
laterally	anticipation	laterally
laterally	disgust	laterally
laterally	fear	laterally
laterally	joy	laterally
laterally	negative	laterally
laterally	positive	laterally
laterally	sadness	laterally
laterally	surprise	laterally
laterally	trust	laterally
activity	anger	actividad
activity	anticipation	de actividad
activity	disgust	de actividad
activity	fear	de actividad
activity	joy	actividad
activity	negative	de actividad
activity	positive	de actividad
activity	sadness	de actividad
activity	surprise	evacuación
activity	trust	de evacuación
evacuation	anger	de actividad
evacuation	anticipation	de actividad
evacuation	disgust	evacuación
evacuation	fear	de evacuación
evacuation	joy	de evacuación
evacuation	negative	de evacuación
evacuation	positive	evacuación
evacuation	sadness	de evacuación
evacuation	surprise	de evacuación
evacuation	trust	de evacuación
outward	anger	outward
outward	anticipation	outward
outward	disgust	outward
outward	fear	outward
outward	joy	outward
outward	negative	outward
outward	positive	outward
outward	sadness	outward
outward	surprise	outward
outward	trust	outward
oozing	anger	rezumando
oozing	anticipation	rezumando
oozing	disgust	rezumando
oozing	fear	rezumando
oozing	joy	rezumando
oozing	negative	rezumando
oozing	positive	rezumando
oozing	sadness	rezumando
oozing	surprise	rezumando
oozing	trust	rezumando
claw	anger	claw
claw	anticipation	claw
claw	disgust	claw
claw	fear	claw
claw	joy	claw
claw	negative	claw
claw	positive	claw
claw	sadness	claw
claw	surprise	claw
claw	trust	claw
subsist	anger	subsist
subsist	anticipation	subsist
subsist	disgust	subsist
subsist	fear	subsist
subsist	joy	subsist
subsist	negative	subsist
subsist	positive	subsist
subsist	sadness	subsist
subsist	surprise	subsist
subsist	trust	subsist
retail	anger	minorista
retail	anticipation	minorista
retail	disgust	minorista
retail	fear	minorista
retail	joy	minorista
retail	negative	minorista
retail	positive	minorista
retail	sadness	ornamento
retail	surprise	de ornamento
retail	trust	minorista
ornament	anger	minorista
ornament	anticipation	minorista
ornament	disgust	ornamento
ornament	fear	de ornamento
ornament	joy	de ornamento
ornament	negative	de ornamento
ornament	positive	ornamento
ornament	sadness	de ornamento
ornament	surprise	de ornamento
ornament	trust	de ornamento
presence	anger	presencia
presence	anticipation	de presencia
presence	disgust	de presencia
presence	fear	de presencia
presence	joy	presencia
presence	negative	de presencia
presence	positive	de presencia
presence	sadness	de presencia
presence	surprise	presencia
presence	trust	de presencia que
obliging	anger	obliga
obliging	anticipation	obligando
obliging	disgust	obligando
obliging	fear	obligando
obliging	joy	obligando
obliging	negative	obligando
obliging	positive	obligando
obliging	sadness	obligando
obliging	surprise	obligando
obliging	trust	obligando
mutually	anger	mutuamente
mutually	anticipation	mutuamente
mutually	disgust	mutuamente
mutually	fear	mutuamente
mutually	joy	mutuamente
mutually	negative	mutuamente
mutually	positive	mutuamente
mutually	sadness	mutuamente
mutually	surprise	mutuamente
mutually	trust	mutuamente
concourse	anger	concourse
concourse	anticipation	concourse
concourse	disgust	concourse
concourse	fear	concourse
concourse	joy	concourse
concourse	negative	concourse
concourse	positive	concourse
concourse	sadness	concourse
concourse	surprise	concourse
concourse	trust	concourse
sterling	anger	sterling
sterling	anticipation	sterling
sterling	disgust	sterling
sterling	fear	sterling
sterling	joy	sterling
sterling	negative	sterling
sterling	positive	sterling
sterling	sadness	sterling
sterling	surprise	sterling
sterling	trust	sterling
opulence	anger	opulence
opulence	anticipation	opulence
opulence	disgust	opulence
opulence	fear	opulence
opulence	joy	opulence
opulence	negative	opulence
opulence	positive	opulence
opulence	sadness	opulence
opulence	surprise	opulence
opulence	trust	opulence
swig	anger	swig
swig	anticipation	swig
swig	disgust	swig
swig	fear	swig
swig	joy	swig
swig	negative	swig
swig	positive	swig
swig	sadness	swig
swig	surprise	swig
swig	trust	swig
puss	anger	puss
puss	anticipation	puss
puss	disgust	puss
puss	fear	puss
puss	joy	puss
puss	negative	puss
puss	positive	puss
puss	sadness	puss
puss	surprise	puss
puss	trust	puss
perpetual	anger	perpetuo
perpetual	anticipation	perpetuo
perpetual	disgust	perpetuo
perpetual	fear	perpetuo
perpetual	joy	perpetuo
perpetual	negative	perpetuo
perpetual	positive	perpetuo
perpetual	sadness	perpetuo
perpetual	surprise	perpetuo
perpetual	trust	perpetuo
fragrance	anger	fragrance
fragrance	anticipation	fragrance
fragrance	disgust	fragrance
fragrance	fear	fragrance
fragrance	joy	fragrance
fragrance	negative	fragrance
fragrance	positive	fragrance
fragrance	sadness	fragrance
fragrance	surprise	fragrance
fragrance	trust	fragrance
magnate	anger	magnate
magnate	anticipation	magnate
magnate	disgust	magnate
magnate	fear	magnate
magnate	joy	magnate
magnate	negative	magnate
magnate	positive	magnate
magnate	sadness	magnate
magnate	surprise	magnate
magnate	trust	magnate
blossom	anger	blossom
blossom	anticipation	blossom
blossom	disgust	blossom
blossom	fear	blossom
blossom	joy	blossom
blossom	negative	blossom
blossom	positive	blossom
blossom	sadness	blossom
blossom	surprise	blossom
blossom	trust	blossom
resonance	anger	resonancia
resonance	anticipation	de resonancia
resonance	disgust	de resonancia
resonance	fear	de resonancia
resonance	joy	resonancia
resonance	negative	de resonancia
resonance	positive	de resonancia
resonance	sadness	de resonancia
resonance	surprise	ayuda de cámara
resonance	trust	de ayuda de cámara
valet	anger	de resonancia
valet	anticipation	de resonancia
valet	disgust	ayuda de cámara
valet	fear	de ayuda de cámara
valet	joy	de ayuda de cámara
valet	negative	de ayuda de cámara
valet	positive	ayuda de cámara
valet	sadness	de ayuda de cámara
valet	surprise	de ayuda de cámara
valet	trust	de ayuda de cámara
provocative	anger	provocative
provocative	anticipation	provocative
provocative	disgust	provocative
provocative	fear	provocative
provocative	joy	provocative
provocative	negative	provocative
provocative	positive	provocative
provocative	sadness	provocative
provocative	surprise	provocative
provocative	trust	provocative
girth	anger	girth
girth	anticipation	girth
girth	disgust	girth
girth	fear	girth
girth	joy	girth
girth	negative	girth
girth	positive	girth
girth	sadness	girth
girth	surprise	girth
girth	trust	girth
type	anger	tipo
type	anticipation	de tipo
type	disgust	de tipo
type	fear	de tipo
type	joy	tipo
type	negative	de tipo
type	positive	de tipo
type	sadness	de tipo
type	surprise	tipo
type	trust	de tipo
lasso	anger	lasso
lasso	anticipation	lasso
lasso	disgust	lasso
lasso	fear	lasso
lasso	joy	lasso
lasso	negative	lasso
lasso	positive	lasso
lasso	sadness	lasso
lasso	surprise	lasso
lasso	trust	lasso
warped	anger	warped
warped	anticipation	warped
warped	disgust	warped
warped	fear	warped
warped	joy	warped
warped	negative	warped
warped	positive	warped
warped	sadness	warped
warped	surprise	warped
warped	trust	warped
quench	anger	quench
quench	anticipation	quench
quench	disgust	quench
quench	fear	quench
quench	joy	quench
quench	negative	quench
quench	positive	quench
quench	sadness	quench
quench	surprise	quench
quench	trust	quench
beak	anger	pico
beak	anticipation	de pico
beak	disgust	de pico
beak	fear	de pico
beak	joy	pico
beak	negative	de pico
beak	positive	de pico
beak	sadness	de pico
beak	surprise	pico
beak	trust	de pico
claimant	anger	claimant
claimant	anticipation	claimant
claimant	disgust	claimant
claimant	fear	claimant
claimant	joy	claimant
claimant	negative	claimant
claimant	positive	claimant
claimant	sadness	claimant
claimant	surprise	claimant
claimant	trust	claimant
lonely	anger	solitario
lonely	anticipation	solitario
lonely	disgust	solitario
lonely	fear	solitario
lonely	joy	solitario
lonely	negative	solitario
lonely	positive	solitario
lonely	sadness	solitario
lonely	surprise	solitario
lonely	trust	solitario
vendetta	anger	vendetta
vendetta	anticipation	vendetta
vendetta	disgust	vendetta
vendetta	fear	vendetta
vendetta	joy	vendetta
vendetta	negative	vendetta
vendetta	positive	vendetta
vendetta	sadness	vendetta
vendetta	surprise	vendetta
vendetta	trust	vendetta
shilling	anger	chelín
shilling	anticipation	de chelín
shilling	disgust	de chelín
shilling	fear	de chelín
shilling	joy	chelín
shilling	negative	de chelín
shilling	positive	de chelín
shilling	sadness	de chelín
shilling	surprise	chelín
shilling	trust	de chelín
dynamical	anger	dinámico
dynamical	anticipation	dinámico
dynamical	disgust	dinámico
dynamical	fear	dinámico
dynamical	joy	dinámico
dynamical	negative	dinámico
dynamical	positive	dinámico
dynamical	sadness	dinámico
dynamical	surprise	dinámico
dynamical	trust	dinámico
absorbing	anger	absorbiendo
absorbing	anticipation	absorbiendo
absorbing	disgust	absorbiendo
absorbing	fear	absorbiendo
absorbing	joy	absorbiendo
absorbing	negative	absorbiendo
absorbing	positive	absorbiendo
absorbing	sadness	absorbiendo
absorbing	surprise	absorbiendo
absorbing	trust	absorbiendo
ended	anger	acabó
ended	anticipation	acabado
ended	disgust	acabó
ended	fear	acabado
ended	joy	acabó
ended	negative	acabado
ended	positive	acabó
ended	sadness	acabado
ended	surprise	acabó
ended	trust	vaca
cow	anger	de vaca
cow	anticipation	de vaca
cow	disgust	acabada
cow	fear	vaca
cow	joy	de vaca
cow	negative	de vaca
cow	positive	de vaca
cow	sadness	control
cow	surprise	de vaca
cow	trust	de vaca
check	anger	de vaca
check	anticipation	control
check	disgust	de control
check	fear	de control
check	joy	de control
check	negative	control
check	positive	de control
check	sadness	de control
check	surprise	de control
check	trust	control
flounder	anger	flounder
flounder	anticipation	flounder
flounder	disgust	flounder
flounder	fear	flounder
flounder	joy	flounder
flounder	negative	flounder
flounder	positive	flounder
flounder	sadness	flounder
flounder	surprise	flounder
flounder	trust	flounder
philosophical	anger	filosófico
philosophical	anticipation	filosófico
philosophical	disgust	filosófico
philosophical	fear	filosófico
philosophical	joy	filosófico
philosophical	negative	filosófico
philosophical	positive	filosófico
philosophical	sadness	filosófico
philosophical	surprise	filosófico
philosophical	trust	filosófico
perpetrate	anger	perpetrate
perpetrate	anticipation	perpetrate
perpetrate	disgust	perpetrate
perpetrate	fear	perpetrate
perpetrate	joy	perpetrate
perpetrate	negative	perpetrate
perpetrate	positive	perpetrate
perpetrate	sadness	perpetrate
perpetrate	surprise	perpetrate
perpetrate	trust	perpetrate
punctuation	anger	puntuación
punctuation	anticipation	de puntuación
punctuation	disgust	de puntuación
punctuation	fear	de puntuación
punctuation	joy	puntuación
punctuation	negative	de puntuación
punctuation	positive	de puntuación
punctuation	sadness	de puntuación
punctuation	surprise	puntuación
punctuation	trust	de puntuación
dab	anger	dab
dab	anticipation	dab
dab	disgust	dab
dab	fear	dab
dab	joy	dab
dab	negative	dab
dab	positive	dab
dab	sadness	dab
dab	surprise	dab
dab	trust	dab
hooded	anger	encapuchado
hooded	anticipation	encapuchado
hooded	disgust	encapuchado
hooded	fear	encapuchado
hooded	joy	encapuchado
hooded	negative	encapuchado
hooded	positive	encapuchado
hooded	sadness	masturbación
hooded	surprise	de masturbación
hooded	trust	encapuchada
masturbation	anger	encapuchada
masturbation	anticipation	encapuchada
masturbation	disgust	masturbación
masturbation	fear	de masturbación
masturbation	joy	de masturbación
masturbation	negative	de masturbación
masturbation	positive	masturbación
masturbation	sadness	de masturbación
masturbation	surprise	de masturbación
masturbation	trust	de masturbación
unconventional	anger	unconventional
unconventional	anticipation	unconventional
unconventional	disgust	unconventional
unconventional	fear	unconventional
unconventional	joy	unconventional
unconventional	negative	unconventional
unconventional	positive	unconventional
unconventional	sadness	unconventional
unconventional	surprise	unconventional
unconventional	trust	unconventional
naked	anger	en cueros
naked	anticipation	en cueros
naked	disgust	en cueros
naked	fear	en cueros
naked	joy	en cueros
naked	negative	en cueros
naked	positive	en cueros
naked	sadness	acupuntura
naked	surprise	de acupuntura
naked	trust	en cueros
acupuncture	anger	en cueros
acupuncture	anticipation	en cueros
acupuncture	disgust	acupuntura
acupuncture	fear	de acupuntura
acupuncture	joy	de acupuntura
acupuncture	negative	de acupuntura
acupuncture	positive	acupuntura
acupuncture	sadness	de acupuntura
acupuncture	surprise	de acupuntura
acupuncture	trust	de acupuntura
disparity	anger	disparidad
disparity	anticipation	de disparidad
disparity	disgust	de disparidad
disparity	fear	de disparidad
disparity	joy	disparidad
disparity	negative	de disparidad
disparity	positive	de disparidad
disparity	sadness	de disparidad
disparity	surprise	credibilidad
disparity	trust	de credibilidad
credibility	anger	de disparidad
credibility	anticipation	de disparidad
credibility	disgust	credibilidad
credibility	fear	de credibilidad
credibility	joy	de credibilidad
credibility	negative	de credibilidad
credibility	positive	credibilidad
credibility	sadness	de credibilidad
credibility	surprise	de credibilidad
credibility	trust	de credibilidad
simultaneously	anger	simultáneamente
simultaneously	anticipation	simultáneamente
simultaneously	disgust	simultáneamente
simultaneously	fear	simultáneamente
simultaneously	joy	simultáneamente
simultaneously	negative	simultáneamente
simultaneously	positive	simultáneamente
simultaneously	sadness	simultáneamente
simultaneously	surprise	simultáneamente
simultaneously	trust	simultáneamente
bilateral	anger	bilateral
bilateral	anticipation	bilateral
bilateral	disgust	bilateral
bilateral	fear	bilateral
bilateral	joy	bilateral
bilateral	negative	bilateral
bilateral	positive	bilateral
bilateral	sadness	bilateral
bilateral	surprise	bilateral
bilateral	trust	bilateral
ostensibly	anger	aparentemente
ostensibly	anticipation	aparentemente
ostensibly	disgust	aparentemente
ostensibly	fear	aparentemente
ostensibly	joy	aparentemente
ostensibly	negative	aparentemente
ostensibly	positive	aparentemente
ostensibly	sadness	aparentemente
ostensibly	surprise	aparentemente
ostensibly	trust	aparentemente
sheriff	anger	sheriff
sheriff	anticipation	de sheriff
sheriff	disgust	de sheriff
sheriff	fear	de sheriff
sheriff	joy	sheriff
sheriff	negative	de sheriff
sheriff	positive	de sheriff
sheriff	sadness	de sheriff
sheriff	surprise	patente
sheriff	trust	de patente
patent	anger	de sheriff
patent	anticipation	de sheriff
patent	disgust	patente
patent	fear	de patente
patent	joy	de patente
patent	negative	de patente
patent	positive	patente
patent	sadness	de patente
patent	surprise	de patente
patent	trust	de patente
rhetoric	anger	retórica
rhetoric	anticipation	de retórica
rhetoric	disgust	de retórica
rhetoric	fear	de retórica
rhetoric	joy	retórica
rhetoric	negative	de retórica
rhetoric	positive	de retórica
rhetoric	sadness	de retórica
rhetoric	surprise	heces
rhetoric	trust	de heces
faeces	anger	de retórica
faeces	anticipation	de retórica
faeces	disgust	heces
faeces	fear	de heces
faeces	joy	de heces
faeces	negative	de heces
faeces	positive	heces
faeces	sadness	de heces
faeces	surprise	de heces
faeces	trust	de heces
unpopular	anger	impopulares
unpopular	anticipation	impopulares
unpopular	disgust	impopulares
unpopular	fear	impopulares
unpopular	joy	impopulares
unpopular	negative	impopulares
unpopular	positive	impopulares
unpopular	sadness	tramo
unpopular	surprise	de tramo
unpopular	trust	impopular
stretch	anger	impopular
stretch	anticipation	impopular
stretch	disgust	tramo
stretch	fear	de tramo
stretch	joy	de tramo
stretch	negative	de tramo
stretch	positive	tramo
stretch	sadness	de tramo
stretch	surprise	de tramo
stretch	trust	de tramo
indestructible	anger	indestructible
indestructible	anticipation	indestructible
indestructible	disgust	indestructible
indestructible	fear	indestructible
indestructible	joy	indestructible
indestructible	negative	indestructible
indestructible	positive	indestructible
indestructible	sadness	indestructible
indestructible	surprise	indestructible
indestructible	trust	indestructible
ejaculation	anger	eyaculación
ejaculation	anticipation	de eyaculación
ejaculation	disgust	de eyaculación
ejaculation	fear	de eyaculación
ejaculation	joy	eyaculación
ejaculation	negative	de eyaculación
ejaculation	positive	de eyaculación
ejaculation	sadness	de eyaculación
ejaculation	surprise	eyaculación
ejaculation	trust	de eyaculación
sleeveless	anger	sleeveless
sleeveless	anticipation	sleeveless
sleeveless	disgust	sleeveless
sleeveless	fear	sleeveless
sleeveless	joy	sleeveless
sleeveless	negative	sleeveless
sleeveless	positive	sleeveless
sleeveless	sadness	sleeveless
sleeveless	surprise	sleeveless
sleeveless	trust	sleeveless
guard	anger	guardia
guard	anticipation	de guardia
guard	disgust	de guardia
guard	fear	de guardia
guard	joy	guardia
guard	negative	de guardia
guard	positive	de guardia
guard	sadness	de guardia
guard	surprise	guardia
guard	trust	de guardia
shopkeeper	anger	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	anticipation	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	disgust	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	fear	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	joy	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	negative	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	positive	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	sadness	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	surprise	shopkeeper
shopkeeper	trust	shopkeeper
specialize	anger	especializar
specialize	anticipation	especializar
specialize	disgust	especializar
specialize	fear	especializar
specialize	joy	especializar
specialize	negative	especializar
specialize	positive	especializar
specialize	sadness	especializar
specialize	surprise	especializar
specialize	trust	especializar
flue	anger	flue
flue	anticipation	flue
flue	disgust	flue
flue	fear	flue
flue	joy	flue
flue	negative	flue
flue	positive	flue
flue	sadness	flue
flue	surprise	flue
flue	trust	flue
dictionary	anger	diccionario
dictionary	anticipation	de diccionario
dictionary	disgust	de diccionario
dictionary	fear	de diccionario
dictionary	joy	diccionario
dictionary	negative	de diccionario
dictionary	positive	de diccionario
dictionary	sadness	de diccionario
dictionary	surprise	diccionario
dictionary	trust	de diccionario
ravenous	anger	voraz
ravenous	anticipation	voraz
ravenous	disgust	voraz
ravenous	fear	voraz
ravenous	joy	voraz
ravenous	negative	voraz
ravenous	positive	voraz
ravenous	sadness	col
ravenous	surprise	de col
ravenous	trust	voraz
cabbage	anger	voraz
cabbage	anticipation	voraz
cabbage	disgust	col
cabbage	fear	de col
cabbage	joy	de col
cabbage	negative	de col
cabbage	positive	col
cabbage	sadness	de col
cabbage	surprise	de col
cabbage	trust	de col
tub	anger	cuba
tub	anticipation	de cuba
tub	disgust	de cuba
tub	fear	de cuba
tub	joy	cuba
tub	negative	de cuba
tub	positive	de cuba
tub	sadness	de cuba
tub	surprise	racionalismo
tub	trust	de racionalismo
rationalism	anger	de cuba
rationalism	anticipation	de cuba
rationalism	disgust	racionalismo
rationalism	fear	de racionalismo
rationalism	joy	de racionalismo
rationalism	negative	de racionalismo
rationalism	positive	racionalismo
rationalism	sadness	de racionalismo
rationalism	surprise	de racionalismo
rationalism	trust	de racionalismo
vascular	anger	vascular
vascular	anticipation	vascular
vascular	disgust	vascular
vascular	fear	vascular
vascular	joy	vascular
vascular	negative	vascular
vascular	positive	vascular
vascular	sadness	vascular
vascular	surprise	vascular
vascular	trust	vascular
rendezvous	anger	rendezvous
rendezvous	anticipation	rendezvous
rendezvous	disgust	rendezvous
rendezvous	fear	rendezvous
rendezvous	joy	rendezvous
rendezvous	negative	rendezvous
rendezvous	positive	rendezvous
rendezvous	sadness	rendezvous
rendezvous	surprise	rendezvous
rendezvous	trust	rendezvous
distinctive	anger	distintivo
distinctive	anticipation	distintivo
distinctive	disgust	distintivo
distinctive	fear	distintivo
distinctive	joy	distintivo
distinctive	negative	distintivo
distinctive	positive	distintivo
distinctive	sadness	distintivo
distinctive	surprise	distintivo
distinctive	trust	distintivo
severable	anger	severable
severable	anticipation	severable
severable	disgust	severable
severable	fear	severable
severable	joy	severable
severable	negative	severable
severable	positive	severable
severable	sadness	severable
severable	surprise	severable
severable	trust	severable
bonus	anger	bonificación
bonus	anticipation	de bonificación
bonus	disgust	de bonificación
bonus	fear	de bonificación
bonus	joy	bonificación
bonus	negative	de bonificación
bonus	positive	de bonificación
bonus	sadness	de bonificación
bonus	surprise	bonificación
bonus	trust	de bonificación
unintended	anger	unintended
unintended	anticipation	unintended
unintended	disgust	unintended
unintended	fear	unintended
unintended	joy	unintended
unintended	negative	unintended
unintended	positive	unintended
unintended	sadness	unintended
unintended	surprise	unintended
unintended	trust	unintended
disillusionment	anger	desilusión
disillusionment	anticipation	de desilusión
disillusionment	disgust	de desilusión
disillusionment	fear	de desilusión
disillusionment	joy	desilusión
disillusionment	negative	de desilusión
disillusionment	positive	de desilusión
disillusionment	sadness	de desilusión
disillusionment	surprise	desilusión
disillusionment	trust	de desilusión
discontinuity	anger	discontinuity
discontinuity	anticipation	discontinuity
discontinuity	disgust	discontinuity
discontinuity	fear	discontinuity
discontinuity	joy	discontinuity
discontinuity	negative	discontinuity
discontinuity	positive	discontinuity
discontinuity	sadness	discontinuity
discontinuity	surprise	discontinuity
discontinuity	trust	discontinuity
afternoon	anger	tarde
afternoon	anticipation	de tarde
afternoon	disgust	de tarde
afternoon	fear	de tarde
afternoon	joy	tarde
afternoon	negative	de tarde
afternoon	positive	de tarde
afternoon	sadness	de tarde
afternoon	surprise	duplicación
afternoon	trust	de duplicación
duplication	anger	de tarde
duplication	anticipation	de tarde
duplication	disgust	duplicación
duplication	fear	de duplicación
duplication	joy	de duplicación
duplication	negative	de duplicación
duplication	positive	duplicación
duplication	sadness	de duplicación
duplication	surprise	de duplicación
duplication	trust	de duplicación
burnout	anger	burnout
burnout	anticipation	burnout
burnout	disgust	burnout
burnout	fear	burnout
burnout	joy	burnout
burnout	negative	burnout
burnout	positive	burnout
burnout	sadness	burnout
burnout	surprise	burnout
burnout	trust	burnout
beard	anger	barba
beard	anticipation	de barba
beard	disgust	de barba
beard	fear	de barba
beard	joy	barba
beard	negative	de barba
beard	positive	de barba
beard	sadness	de barba
beard	surprise	barba
beard	trust	de barba
dagger	anger	dagger
dagger	anticipation	dagger
dagger	disgust	dagger
dagger	fear	dagger
dagger	joy	dagger
dagger	negative	dagger
dagger	positive	dagger
dagger	sadness	dagger
dagger	surprise	dagger
dagger	trust	dagger
doubtless	anger	indudablemente
doubtless	anticipation	indudablemente
doubtless	disgust	indudablemente
doubtless	fear	indudablemente
doubtless	joy	indudablemente
doubtless	negative	indudablemente
doubtless	positive	indudablemente
doubtless	sadness	indudablemente
doubtless	surprise	indudablemente
doubtless	trust	indudablemente
abeyance	anger	abeyance
abeyance	anticipation	abeyance
abeyance	disgust	abeyance
abeyance	fear	abeyance
abeyance	joy	abeyance
abeyance	negative	abeyance
abeyance	positive	abeyance
abeyance	sadness	abeyance
abeyance	surprise	abeyance
abeyance	trust	abeyance
front	anger	frente
front	anticipation	de frente
front	disgust	de frente
front	fear	de frente
front	joy	frente
front	negative	de frente
front	positive	de frente
front	sadness	de frente
front	surprise	frente
front	trust	de frente
gage	anger	gage
gage	anticipation	gage
gage	disgust	gage
gage	fear	gage
gage	joy	gage
gage	negative	gage
gage	positive	gage
gage	sadness	gage
gage	surprise	gage
gage	trust	gage
encircle	anger	ceñir
encircle	anticipation	ceñir
encircle	disgust	ceñir
encircle	fear	ceñir
encircle	joy	ceñir
encircle	negative	ceñir
encircle	positive	ceñir
encircle	sadness	ceñir
encircle	surprise	ceñir
encircle	trust	ceñir
measuring	anger	midiendo
measuring	anticipation	midiendo
measuring	disgust	midiendo
measuring	fear	midiendo
measuring	joy	midiendo
measuring	negative	midiendo
measuring	positive	midiendo
measuring	sadness	midiendo
measuring	surprise	midiendo
measuring	trust	midiendo
acquisition	anger	adquisición
acquisition	anticipation	de adquisición
acquisition	disgust	de adquisición
acquisition	fear	de adquisición
acquisition	joy	adquisición
acquisition	negative	de adquisición
acquisition	positive	de adquisición
acquisition	sadness	de adquisición
acquisition	surprise	adquisición
acquisition	trust	de adquisición
trinity	anger	trinity
trinity	anticipation	trinity
trinity	disgust	trinity
trinity	fear	trinity
trinity	joy	trinity
trinity	negative	trinity
trinity	positive	trinity
trinity	sadness	trinity
trinity	surprise	trinity
trinity	trust	trinity
enchanted	anger	encantó
enchanted	anticipation	encantado
enchanted	disgust	encantó
enchanted	fear	encantado
enchanted	joy	encantó
enchanted	negative	encantado
enchanted	positive	encantó
enchanted	sadness	encantado
enchanted	surprise	encantó
enchanted	trust	encantado
warbler	anger	warbler
warbler	anticipation	warbler
warbler	disgust	warbler
warbler	fear	warbler
warbler	joy	warbler
warbler	negative	warbler
warbler	positive	warbler
warbler	sadness	warbler
warbler	surprise	warbler
warbler	trust	warbler
crimp	anger	rizar
crimp	anticipation	rizar
crimp	disgust	rizar
crimp	fear	rizar
crimp	joy	rizar
crimp	negative	rizar
crimp	positive	rizar
crimp	sadness	rizar
crimp	surprise	rizar
crimp	trust	rizar
ramble	anger	ramble
ramble	anticipation	ramble
ramble	disgust	ramble
ramble	fear	ramble
ramble	joy	ramble
ramble	negative	ramble
ramble	positive	ramble
ramble	sadness	ramble
ramble	surprise	ramble
ramble	trust	ramble
mace	anger	mace
mace	anticipation	mace
mace	disgust	mace
mace	fear	mace
mace	joy	mace
mace	negative	mace
mace	positive	mace
mace	sadness	mace
mace	surprise	mace
mace	trust	mace
mangosteen	anger	mangosteen
mangosteen	anticipation	mangosteen
mangosteen	disgust	mangosteen
mangosteen	fear	mangosteen
mangosteen	joy	mangosteen
mangosteen	negative	mangosteen
mangosteen	positive	mangosteen
mangosteen	sadness	mangosteen
mangosteen	surprise	mangosteen
mangosteen	trust	mangosteen
sequent	anger	sequent
sequent	anticipation	sequent
sequent	disgust	sequent
sequent	fear	sequent
sequent	joy	sequent
sequent	negative	sequent
sequent	positive	sequent
sequent	sadness	sequent
sequent	surprise	sequent
sequent	trust	sequent
occur	anger	ocurrir
occur	anticipation	ocurrir
occur	disgust	ocurrir
occur	fear	ocurrir
occur	joy	ocurrir
occur	negative	ocurrir
occur	positive	ocurrir
occur	sadness	ocurrir
occur	surprise	ocurrir
occur	trust	ocurrir
fluency	anger	fluidez
fluency	anticipation	de fluidez
fluency	disgust	de fluidez
fluency	fear	de fluidez
fluency	joy	fluidez
fluency	negative	de fluidez
fluency	positive	de fluidez
fluency	sadness	de fluidez
fluency	surprise	mosquito
fluency	trust	de mosquito
mosquito	anger	de fluidez
mosquito	anticipation	de fluidez
mosquito	disgust	mosquito
mosquito	fear	de mosquito
mosquito	joy	de mosquito
mosquito	negative	de mosquito
mosquito	positive	mosquito
mosquito	sadness	de mosquito
mosquito	surprise	de mosquito
mosquito	trust	de mosquito
superhuman	anger	superhuman
superhuman	anticipation	superhuman
superhuman	disgust	superhuman
superhuman	fear	superhuman
superhuman	joy	superhuman
superhuman	negative	superhuman
superhuman	positive	superhuman
superhuman	sadness	superhuman
superhuman	surprise	superhuman
superhuman	trust	superhuman
merciless	anger	despiadado
merciless	anticipation	despiadado
merciless	disgust	despiadado
merciless	fear	despiadado
merciless	joy	despiadado
merciless	negative	despiadado
merciless	positive	despiadado
merciless	sadness	reunión
merciless	surprise	de reunión
merciless	trust	despiadada
meeting	anger	despiadada
meeting	anticipation	despiadada
meeting	disgust	reunión
meeting	fear	de reunión
meeting	joy	de reunión
meeting	negative	de reunión
meeting	positive	reunión
meeting	sadness	de reunión
meeting	surprise	de reunión
meeting	trust	de reunión
setback	anger	contratiempo
setback	anticipation	de contratiempo
setback	disgust	de contratiempo
setback	fear	de contratiempo
setback	joy	contratiempo
setback	negative	de contratiempo
setback	positive	de contratiempo
setback	sadness	de contratiempo
setback	surprise	contratiempo
setback	trust	de contratiempo
destiny	anger	destiny
destiny	anticipation	destiny
destiny	disgust	destiny
destiny	fear	destiny
destiny	joy	destiny
destiny	negative	destiny
destiny	positive	destiny
destiny	sadness	destiny
destiny	surprise	destiny
destiny	trust	destiny
roller	anger	rodillo
roller	anticipation	de rodillo
roller	disgust	de rodillo
roller	fear	de rodillo
roller	joy	rodillo
roller	negative	de rodillo
roller	positive	de rodillo
roller	sadness	de rodillo
roller	surprise	precedencia
roller	trust	de precedencia
precedence	anger	de rodillo
precedence	anticipation	de rodillo
precedence	disgust	precedencia
precedence	fear	de precedencia
precedence	joy	de precedencia
precedence	negative	de precedencia
precedence	positive	precedencia
precedence	sadness	de precedencia
precedence	surprise	de precedencia
precedence	trust	de precedencia
amount	anger	cantidad
amount	anticipation	de cantidad
amount	disgust	de cantidad
amount	fear	de cantidad
amount	joy	cantidad
amount	negative	de cantidad
amount	positive	de cantidad
amount	sadness	de cantidad
amount	surprise	cosas
amount	trust	de cosas
things	anger	de cantidad
things	anticipation	de cantidad
things	disgust	cosas
things	fear	de cosas
things	joy	de cosas
things	negative	de cosas
things	positive	cosas
things	sadness	de cosas
things	surprise	de cosas
things	trust	de cosas
officiate	anger	officiate
officiate	anticipation	officiate
officiate	disgust	officiate
officiate	fear	officiate
officiate	joy	officiate
officiate	negative	officiate
officiate	positive	officiate
officiate	sadness	officiate
officiate	surprise	officiate
officiate	trust	officiate
excuse	anger	excusa
excuse	anticipation	de excusa
excuse	disgust	de excusa
excuse	fear	de excusa
excuse	joy	excusa
excuse	negative	de excusa
excuse	positive	de excusa
excuse	sadness	de excusa
excuse	surprise	porcelana
excuse	trust	de porcelana
china	anger	de excusa
china	anticipation	de excusa
china	disgust	porcelana
china	fear	de porcelana
china	joy	de porcelana
china	negative	de porcelana
china	positive	porcelana
china	sadness	de porcelana
china	surprise	de porcelana
china	trust	de porcelana
keeper	anger	keeper
keeper	anticipation	keeper
keeper	disgust	keeper
keeper	fear	keeper
keeper	joy	keeper
keeper	negative	keeper
keeper	positive	keeper
keeper	sadness	keeper
keeper	surprise	keeper
keeper	trust	keeper
recourse	anger	recourse
recourse	anticipation	recourse
recourse	disgust	recourse
recourse	fear	recourse
recourse	joy	recourse
recourse	negative	recourse
recourse	positive	recourse
recourse	sadness	recourse
recourse	surprise	recourse
recourse	trust	recourse
destination	anger	destino
destination	anticipation	de destino
destination	disgust	de destino
destination	fear	de destino
destination	joy	destino
destination	negative	de destino
destination	positive	de destino
destination	sadness	de destino
destination	surprise	destino
destination	trust	de destino
omnipotence	anger	omnipotence
omnipotence	anticipation	omnipotence
omnipotence	disgust	omnipotence
omnipotence	fear	omnipotence
omnipotence	joy	omnipotence
omnipotence	negative	omnipotence
omnipotence	positive	omnipotence
omnipotence	sadness	omnipotence
omnipotence	surprise	omnipotence
omnipotence	trust	omnipotence
cruelly	anger	cruelmente
cruelly	anticipation	cruelmente
cruelly	disgust	cruelmente
cruelly	fear	cruelmente
cruelly	joy	cruelmente
cruelly	negative	cruelmente
cruelly	positive	cruelmente
cruelly	sadness	cruelmente
cruelly	surprise	cruelmente
cruelly	trust	cruelmente
police	anger	policía
police	anticipation	policial
police	disgust	policía
police	fear	policial
police	joy	policía
police	negative	policial
police	positive	policía
police	sadness	policial
police	surprise	policía
police	trust	policial
helix	anger	helix
helix	anticipation	helix
helix	disgust	helix
helix	fear	helix
helix	joy	helix
helix	negative	helix
helix	positive	helix
helix	sadness	helix
helix	surprise	helix
helix	trust	helix
marked	anger	marcado
marked	anticipation	marcado
marked	disgust	marcado
marked	fear	marcado
marked	joy	marcado
marked	negative	marcado
marked	positive	marcado
marked	sadness	marcado
marked	surprise	marcado
marked	trust	marcado
demonstrable	anger	demonstrable
demonstrable	anticipation	demonstrable
demonstrable	disgust	demonstrable
demonstrable	fear	demonstrable
demonstrable	joy	demonstrable
demonstrable	negative	demonstrable
demonstrable	positive	demonstrable
demonstrable	sadness	demonstrable
demonstrable	surprise	demonstrable
demonstrable	trust	demonstrable
jagged	anger	jagged
jagged	anticipation	jagged
jagged	disgust	jagged
jagged	fear	jagged
jagged	joy	jagged
jagged	negative	jagged
jagged	positive	jagged
jagged	sadness	jagged
jagged	surprise	jagged
jagged	trust	jagged
spectroscopy	anger	espectroscopia
spectroscopy	anticipation	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	disgust	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	fear	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	joy	espectroscopia
spectroscopy	negative	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	positive	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	sadness	de espectroscopia
spectroscopy	surprise	espectroscopia
spectroscopy	trust	de espectroscopia
triumphant	anger	triumphant
triumphant	anticipation	triumphant
triumphant	disgust	triumphant
triumphant	fear	triumphant
triumphant	joy	triumphant
triumphant	negative	triumphant
triumphant	positive	triumphant
triumphant	sadness	triumphant
triumphant	surprise	triumphant
triumphant	trust	triumphant
confirmed	anger	confirmó
confirmed	anticipation	confirmado
confirmed	disgust	confirmó
confirmed	fear	confirmado
confirmed	joy	confirmó
confirmed	negative	confirmado
confirmed	positive	confirmó
confirmed	sadness	confirmado
confirmed	surprise	confirmó
confirmed	trust	confirmado
mismatch	anger	mismatch
mismatch	anticipation	mismatch
mismatch	disgust	mismatch
mismatch	fear	mismatch
mismatch	joy	mismatch
mismatch	negative	mismatch
mismatch	positive	mismatch
mismatch	sadness	mismatch
mismatch	surprise	mismatch
mismatch	trust	mismatch
monochrome	anger	monocromo
monochrome	anticipation	monocromo
monochrome	disgust	monocromo
monochrome	fear	monocromo
monochrome	joy	monocromo
monochrome	negative	monocromo
monochrome	positive	monocromo
monochrome	sadness	monocromo
monochrome	surprise	monocromo
monochrome	trust	monocromo
systematically	anger	sistemáticamente
systematically	anticipation	sistemáticamente
systematically	disgust	sistemáticamente
systematically	fear	sistemáticamente
systematically	joy	sistemáticamente
systematically	negative	sistemáticamente
systematically	positive	sistemáticamente
systematically	sadness	sistemáticamente
systematically	surprise	sistemáticamente
systematically	trust	sistemáticamente
apologist	anger	apologist
apologist	anticipation	apologist
apologist	disgust	apologist
apologist	fear	apologist
apologist	joy	apologist
apologist	negative	apologist
apologist	positive	apologist
apologist	sadness	apologist
apologist	surprise	apologist
apologist	trust	apologist
slaughtering	anger	matanza
slaughtering	anticipation	de matanza
slaughtering	disgust	de matanza
slaughtering	fear	de matanza
slaughtering	joy	matanza
slaughtering	negative	de matanza
slaughtering	positive	de matanza
slaughtering	sadness	de matanza
slaughtering	surprise	matanza
slaughtering	trust	de matanza
precipice	anger	precipice
precipice	anticipation	precipice
precipice	disgust	precipice
precipice	fear	precipice
precipice	joy	precipice
precipice	negative	precipice
precipice	positive	precipice
precipice	sadness	precipice
precipice	surprise	precipice
precipice	trust	precipice
anaconda	anger	anaconda
anaconda	anticipation	anaconda
anaconda	disgust	anaconda
anaconda	fear	anaconda
anaconda	joy	anaconda
anaconda	negative	anaconda
anaconda	positive	anaconda
anaconda	sadness	anaconda
anaconda	surprise	anaconda
anaconda	trust	anaconda
umbilical	anger	umbilical
umbilical	anticipation	umbilical
umbilical	disgust	umbilical
umbilical	fear	umbilical
umbilical	joy	umbilical
umbilical	negative	umbilical
umbilical	positive	umbilical
umbilical	sadness	umbilical
umbilical	surprise	umbilical
umbilical	trust	umbilical
rejected	anger	rehusó
rejected	anticipation	rehusado
rejected	disgust	rehusó
rejected	fear	rehusado
rejected	joy	rehusó
rejected	negative	rehusado
rejected	positive	rehusó
rejected	sadness	rehusado
rejected	surprise	rehusó
rejected	trust	rehusado
onerous	anger	oneroso
onerous	anticipation	oneroso
onerous	disgust	oneroso
onerous	fear	oneroso
onerous	joy	oneroso
onerous	negative	oneroso
onerous	positive	oneroso
onerous	sadness	poseedor
onerous	surprise	de poseedor
onerous	trust	oneroso
possessor	anger	oneroso
possessor	anticipation	oneroso
possessor	disgust	poseedor
possessor	fear	de poseedor
possessor	joy	de poseedor
possessor	negative	de poseedor
possessor	positive	poseedor
possessor	sadness	de poseedor
possessor	surprise	de poseedor
possessor	trust	de poseedor
reverse	anger	inverso
reverse	anticipation	inverso
reverse	disgust	inverso
reverse	fear	inverso
reverse	joy	inverso
reverse	negative	inverso
reverse	positive	inverso
reverse	sadness	coherencia
reverse	surprise	de coherencia
reverse	trust	inversa
coherence	anger	inversa
coherence	anticipation	inversa
coherence	disgust	coherencia
coherence	fear	de coherencia
coherence	joy	de coherencia
coherence	negative	de coherencia
coherence	positive	coherencia
coherence	sadness	de coherencia
coherence	surprise	de coherencia
coherence	trust	de coherencia
assistant	anger	ayudante
assistant	anticipation	de ayudante
assistant	disgust	de ayudante
assistant	fear	de ayudante
assistant	joy	ayudante
assistant	negative	de ayudante
assistant	positive	de ayudante
assistant	sadness	de ayudante
assistant	surprise	ayudante
assistant	trust	de ayudante
occasionally	anger	ocasionalmente
occasionally	anticipation	ocasionalmente
occasionally	disgust	ocasionalmente
occasionally	fear	ocasionalmente
occasionally	joy	ocasionalmente
occasionally	negative	ocasionalmente
occasionally	positive	ocasionalmente
occasionally	sadness	ocasionalmente
occasionally	surprise	ocasionalmente
occasionally	trust	ocasionalmente
corrective	anger	corrective
corrective	anticipation	corrective
corrective	disgust	corrective
corrective	fear	corrective
corrective	joy	corrective
corrective	negative	corrective
corrective	positive	corrective
corrective	sadness	corrective
corrective	surprise	corrective
corrective	trust	corrective
celebrity	anger	celebridad
celebrity	anticipation	de celebridad
celebrity	disgust	de celebridad
celebrity	fear	de celebridad
celebrity	joy	celebridad
celebrity	negative	de celebridad
celebrity	positive	de celebridad
celebrity	sadness	de celebridad
celebrity	surprise	precio
celebrity	trust	de precio
price	anger	de celebridad
price	anticipation	de celebridad
price	disgust	precio
price	fear	de precio
price	joy	de precio
price	negative	de precio
price	positive	precio
price	sadness	de precio
price	surprise	de precio
price	trust	de precio
recluse	anger	recluse
recluse	anticipation	recluse
recluse	disgust	recluse
recluse	fear	recluse
recluse	joy	recluse
recluse	negative	recluse
recluse	positive	recluse
recluse	sadness	recluse
recluse	surprise	recluse
recluse	trust	recluse
reactionary	anger	reaccionario
reactionary	anticipation	reaccionario
reactionary	disgust	reaccionario
reactionary	fear	reaccionario
reactionary	joy	reaccionario
reactionary	negative	reaccionario
reactionary	positive	reaccionario
reactionary	sadness	reaccionario
reactionary	surprise	reaccionario
reactionary	trust	reaccionario
scandalous	anger	escandaloso
scandalous	anticipation	escandaloso
scandalous	disgust	escandaloso
scandalous	fear	escandaloso
scandalous	joy	escandaloso
scandalous	negative	escandaloso
scandalous	positive	escandaloso
scandalous	sadness	presunción
scandalous	surprise	de presunción
scandalous	trust	escandalosa
conceit	anger	escandalosa
conceit	anticipation	escandalosa
conceit	disgust	presunción
conceit	fear	de presunción
conceit	joy	de presunción
conceit	negative	de presunción
conceit	positive	presunción
conceit	sadness	de presunción
conceit	surprise	de presunción
conceit	trust	de presunción
toleration	anger	toleration
toleration	anticipation	toleration
toleration	disgust	toleration
toleration	fear	toleration
toleration	joy	toleration
toleration	negative	toleration
toleration	positive	toleration
toleration	sadness	toleration
toleration	surprise	toleration
toleration	trust	toleration
covet	anger	covet
covet	anticipation	covet
covet	disgust	covet
covet	fear	covet
covet	joy	covet
covet	negative	covet
covet	positive	covet
covet	sadness	covet
covet	surprise	covet
covet	trust	covet
famous	anger	famoso
famous	anticipation	famoso
famous	disgust	famoso
famous	fear	famoso
famous	joy	famoso
famous	negative	famoso
famous	positive	famoso
famous	sadness	famoso
famous	surprise	famoso
famous	trust	famoso
succeeding	anger	teniendo éxito
succeeding	anticipation	teniendo éxito
succeeding	disgust	teniendo éxito
succeeding	fear	teniendo éxito
succeeding	joy	teniendo éxito
succeeding	negative	teniendo éxito
succeeding	positive	teniendo éxito
succeeding	sadness	teniendo éxito
succeeding	surprise	teniendo éxito
succeeding	trust	teniendo éxito
smelt	anger	olió
smelt	anticipation	olido
smelt	disgust	olió
smelt	fear	olido
smelt	joy	olió
smelt	negative	olido
smelt	positive	olió
smelt	sadness	olido
smelt	surprise	olió
smelt	trust	olido
wholesome	anger	wholesome
wholesome	anticipation	wholesome
wholesome	disgust	wholesome
wholesome	fear	wholesome
wholesome	joy	wholesome
wholesome	negative	wholesome
wholesome	positive	wholesome
wholesome	sadness	wholesome
wholesome	surprise	wholesome
wholesome	trust	wholesome
rebate	anger	rebate
rebate	anticipation	rebate
rebate	disgust	rebate
rebate	fear	rebate
rebate	joy	rebate
rebate	negative	rebate
rebate	positive	rebate
rebate	sadness	rebate
rebate	surprise	rebate
rebate	trust	rebate
collapse	anger	derrumbamiento
collapse	anticipation	de derrumbamiento
collapse	disgust	de derrumbamiento
collapse	fear	de derrumbamiento
collapse	joy	derrumbamiento
collapse	negative	de derrumbamiento
collapse	positive	de derrumbamiento
collapse	sadness	de derrumbamiento
collapse	surprise	aperitivo
collapse	trust	de aperitivo
appetizer	anger	de derrumbamiento
appetizer	anticipation	de derrumbamiento
appetizer	disgust	aperitivo
appetizer	fear	de aperitivo
appetizer	joy	de aperitivo
appetizer	negative	de aperitivo
appetizer	positive	aperitivo
appetizer	sadness	de aperitivo
appetizer	surprise	de aperitivo
appetizer	trust	de aperitivo
ajar	anger	ajar
ajar	anticipation	ajar
ajar	disgust	ajar
ajar	fear	ajar
ajar	joy	ajar
ajar	negative	ajar
ajar	positive	ajar
ajar	sadness	ajar
ajar	surprise	ajar
ajar	trust	ajar
slippers	anger	slippers
slippers	anticipation	slippers
slippers	disgust	slippers
slippers	fear	slippers
slippers	joy	slippers
slippers	negative	slippers
slippers	positive	slippers
slippers	sadness	slippers
slippers	surprise	slippers
slippers	trust	slippers
plane	anger	avión
plane	anticipation	de avión
plane	disgust	de avión
plane	fear	de avión
plane	joy	avión
plane	negative	de avión
plane	positive	de avión
plane	sadness	de avión
plane	surprise	avión
plane	trust	de avión
constable	anger	constable
constable	anticipation	constable
constable	disgust	constable
constable	fear	constable
constable	joy	constable
constable	negative	constable
constable	positive	constable
constable	sadness	constable
constable	surprise	constable
constable	trust	constable
sail	anger	vela
sail	anticipation	de vela
sail	disgust	de vela
sail	fear	de vela
sail	joy	vela
sail	negative	de vela
sail	positive	de vela
sail	sadness	de vela
sail	surprise	vela
sail	trust	de vela
parallax	anger	parallax
parallax	anticipation	parallax
parallax	disgust	parallax
parallax	fear	parallax
parallax	joy	parallax
parallax	negative	parallax
parallax	positive	parallax
parallax	sadness	parallax
parallax	surprise	parallax
parallax	trust	parallax
bulwark	anger	bulwark
bulwark	anticipation	bulwark
bulwark	disgust	bulwark
bulwark	fear	bulwark
bulwark	joy	bulwark
bulwark	negative	bulwark
bulwark	positive	bulwark
bulwark	sadness	bulwark
bulwark	surprise	bulwark
bulwark	trust	bulwark
tinnitus	anger	tinnitus
tinnitus	anticipation	tinnitus
tinnitus	disgust	tinnitus
tinnitus	fear	tinnitus
tinnitus	joy	tinnitus
tinnitus	negative	tinnitus
tinnitus	positive	tinnitus
tinnitus	sadness	tinnitus
tinnitus	surprise	tinnitus
tinnitus	trust	tinnitus
calculated	anger	calculó
calculated	anticipation	calculado
calculated	disgust	calculó
calculated	fear	calculado
calculated	joy	calculó
calculated	negative	calculado
calculated	positive	calculó
calculated	sadness	calculado
calculated	surprise	calculó
calculated	trust	artista
artist	anger	de artista
artist	anticipation	de artista
artist	disgust	calculado
artist	fear	artista
artist	joy	de artista
artist	negative	de artista
artist	positive	de artista
artist	sadness	artista
artist	surprise	de artista
artist	trust	del artista
tack	anger	tack
tack	anticipation	tack
tack	disgust	tack
tack	fear	tack
tack	joy	tack
tack	negative	tack
tack	positive	tack
tack	sadness	tack
tack	surprise	tack
tack	trust	tack
weld	anger	weld
weld	anticipation	weld
weld	disgust	weld
weld	fear	weld
weld	joy	weld
weld	negative	weld
weld	positive	weld
weld	sadness	weld
weld	surprise	weld
weld	trust	weld
reptile	anger	reptil
reptile	anticipation	de reptil
reptile	disgust	de reptil
reptile	fear	de reptil
reptile	joy	reptil
reptile	negative	de reptil
reptile	positive	de reptil
reptile	sadness	de reptil
reptile	surprise	reptil
reptile	trust	de reptil
legality	anger	legality
legality	anticipation	legality
legality	disgust	legality
legality	fear	legality
legality	joy	legality
legality	negative	legality
legality	positive	legality
legality	sadness	legality
legality	surprise	legality
legality	trust	legality
gifted	anger	dotado
gifted	anticipation	dotado
gifted	disgust	dotado
gifted	fear	dotado
gifted	joy	dotado
gifted	negative	dotado
gifted	positive	dotado
gifted	sadness	rima
gifted	surprise	de rima
gifted	trust	dotada
rhyme	anger	dotada
rhyme	anticipation	dotada
rhyme	disgust	rima
rhyme	fear	de rima
rhyme	joy	de rima
rhyme	negative	de rima
rhyme	positive	rima
rhyme	sadness	de rima
rhyme	surprise	de rima
rhyme	trust	de rima
debt	anger	deuda
debt	anticipation	de deuda
debt	disgust	de deuda
debt	fear	de deuda
debt	joy	deuda
debt	negative	de deuda
debt	positive	de deuda
debt	sadness	de deuda
debt	surprise	araña
debt	trust	de araña
spider	anger	de deuda
spider	anticipation	de deuda
spider	disgust	araña
spider	fear	de araña
spider	joy	de araña
spider	negative	de araña
spider	positive	araña
spider	sadness	de araña
spider	surprise	de araña
spider	trust	de araña
faultless	anger	faultless
faultless	anticipation	faultless
faultless	disgust	faultless
faultless	fear	faultless
faultless	joy	faultless
faultless	negative	faultless
faultless	positive	faultless
faultless	sadness	faultless
faultless	surprise	faultless
faultless	trust	faultless
river	anger	río
river	anticipation	de río
river	disgust	de río
river	fear	de río
river	joy	río
river	negative	de río
river	positive	de río
river	sadness	de río
river	surprise	río
river	trust	de río
abutment	anger	abutment
abutment	anticipation	abutment
abutment	disgust	abutment
abutment	fear	abutment
abutment	joy	abutment
abutment	negative	abutment
abutment	positive	abutment
abutment	sadness	abutment
abutment	surprise	abutment
abutment	trust	abutment
quarry	anger	cantera
quarry	anticipation	de cantera
quarry	disgust	de cantera
quarry	fear	de cantera
quarry	joy	cantera
quarry	negative	de cantera
quarry	positive	de cantera
quarry	sadness	de cantera
quarry	surprise	cantera
quarry	trust	de cantera
windy	anger	ventosa
windy	anticipation	ventoso
windy	disgust	ventoso
windy	fear	ventoso
windy	joy	ventoso
windy	negative	ventoso
windy	positive	ventoso
windy	sadness	burdel
windy	surprise	de burdel
windy	trust	ventoso
brothel	anger	ventoso
brothel	anticipation	ventoso
brothel	disgust	burdel
brothel	fear	de burdel
brothel	joy	de burdel
brothel	negative	de burdel
brothel	positive	burdel
brothel	sadness	de burdel
brothel	surprise	de burdel
brothel	trust	de burdel
fennel	anger	hinojo
fennel	anticipation	de hinojo
fennel	disgust	de hinojo
fennel	fear	de hinojo
fennel	joy	hinojo
fennel	negative	de hinojo
fennel	positive	de hinojo
fennel	sadness	de hinojo
fennel	surprise	hinojo
fennel	trust	de hinojo que
fighting	anger	lucha
fighting	anticipation	luchando
fighting	disgust	luchando
fighting	fear	luchando
fighting	joy	luchando
fighting	negative	luchando
fighting	positive	luchando
fighting	sadness	luchando
fighting	surprise	luchando
fighting	trust	luchando
loo	anger	loo
loo	anticipation	loo
loo	disgust	loo
loo	fear	loo
loo	joy	loo
loo	negative	loo
loo	positive	loo
loo	sadness	loo
loo	surprise	loo
loo	trust	loo
pronounce	anger	pronunciar
pronounce	anticipation	pronunciar
pronounce	disgust	pronunciar
pronounce	fear	pronunciar
pronounce	joy	pronunciar
pronounce	negative	pronunciar
pronounce	positive	pronunciar
pronounce	sadness	pronunciar
pronounce	surprise	pronunciar
pronounce	trust	pronunciar
dancer	anger	bailarín
dancer	anticipation	de bailarín
dancer	disgust	de bailarín
dancer	fear	de bailarín
dancer	joy	bailarín
dancer	negative	de bailarín
dancer	positive	de bailarín
dancer	sadness	de bailarín
dancer	surprise	bailarín
dancer	trust	de bailarín
inland	anger	inland
inland	anticipation	
inland	disgust	inland
inland	fear	inland
inland	joy	inland
inland	negative	inland
inland	positive	inland
inland	sadness	inland
inland	surprise	inland
inland	trust	inland
cue	anger	inland
cue	anticipation	cue cue
cue	disgust	cue
cue	fear	cue
cue	joy	cue
cue	negative	cue
cue	positive	cue
cue	sadness	cue
cue	surprise	cue
cue	trust	cue
foray	anger	foray
foray	anticipation	foray
foray	disgust	foray
foray	fear	foray
foray	joy	foray
foray	negative	foray
foray	positive	foray
foray	sadness	foray
foray	surprise	foray
foray	trust	foray
mishap	anger	percance
mishap	anticipation	de percance
mishap	disgust	de percance
mishap	fear	de percance
mishap	joy	percance
mishap	negative	de percance
mishap	positive	de percance
mishap	sadness	de percance
mishap	surprise	cerdo
mishap	trust	de cerdo
pork	anger	de percance
pork	anticipation	de percance
pork	disgust	cerdo
pork	fear	de cerdo
pork	joy	de cerdo
pork	negative	de cerdo
pork	positive	cerdo
pork	sadness	de cerdo
pork	surprise	de cerdo
pork	trust	de cerdo que
smiling	anger	sonríe
smiling	anticipation	sonriendo
smiling	disgust	sonriendo
smiling	fear	sonriendo
smiling	joy	sonriendo
smiling	negative	sonriendo
smiling	positive	sonriendo
smiling	sadness	sonriendo
smiling	surprise	sonriendo
smiling	trust	sonriendo
injured	anger	hirió
injured	anticipation	herido
injured	disgust	hirió
injured	fear	herido
injured	joy	hirió
injured	negative	herido
injured	positive	hirió
injured	sadness	herido
injured	surprise	hirió
injured	trust	herido
vertex	anger	vertex
vertex	anticipation	vertex
vertex	disgust	vertex
vertex	fear	vertex
vertex	joy	vertex
vertex	negative	vertex
vertex	positive	vertex
vertex	sadness	vertex
vertex	surprise	vertex
vertex	trust	vertex
pentagon	anger	pentágono
pentagon	anticipation	de pentágono
pentagon	disgust	de pentágono
pentagon	fear	de pentágono
pentagon	joy	pentágono
pentagon	negative	de pentágono
pentagon	positive	de pentágono
pentagon	sadness	de pentágono
pentagon	surprise	pentágono
pentagon	trust	de pentágono
marbled	anger	jaspeado
marbled	anticipation	jaspeado
marbled	disgust	jaspeado
marbled	fear	jaspeado
marbled	joy	jaspeado
marbled	negative	jaspeado
marbled	positive	jaspeado
marbled	sadness	jaspeado
marbled	surprise	jaspeado
marbled	trust	jaspeado
causeway	anger	causeway
causeway	anticipation	causeway
causeway	disgust	causeway
causeway	fear	causeway
causeway	joy	causeway
causeway	negative	causeway
causeway	positive	causeway
causeway	sadness	causeway
causeway	surprise	causeway
causeway	trust	causeway
undertaking	anger	garantía
undertaking	anticipation	de garantía
undertaking	disgust	de garantía
undertaking	fear	de garantía
undertaking	joy	garantía
undertaking	negative	de garantía
undertaking	positive	de garantía
undertaking	sadness	de garantía
undertaking	surprise	semáforo
undertaking	trust	de semáforo
semaphore	anger	de garantía
semaphore	anticipation	de garantía
semaphore	disgust	semáforo
semaphore	fear	de semáforo
semaphore	joy	de semáforo
semaphore	negative	de semáforo
semaphore	positive	semáforo
semaphore	sadness	de semáforo
semaphore	surprise	de semáforo
semaphore	trust	de semáforo
balmy	anger	balmy
balmy	anticipation	balmy
balmy	disgust	balmy
balmy	fear	balmy
balmy	joy	balmy
balmy	negative	balmy
balmy	positive	balmy
balmy	sadness	balmy
balmy	surprise	balmy
balmy	trust	balmy
utterly	anger	absolutamente
utterly	anticipation	absolutamente
utterly	disgust	absolutamente
utterly	fear	absolutamente
utterly	joy	absolutamente
utterly	negative	absolutamente
utterly	positive	absolutamente
utterly	sadness	absolutamente
utterly	surprise	absolutamente
utterly	trust	absolutamente
insular	anger	insular
insular	anticipation	insular
insular	disgust	insular
insular	fear	insular
insular	joy	insular
insular	negative	insular
insular	positive	insular
insular	sadness	insular
insular	surprise	insular
insular	trust	insular
libelous	anger	libelous
libelous	anticipation	libelous
libelous	disgust	libelous
libelous	fear	libelous
libelous	joy	libelous
libelous	negative	libelous
libelous	positive	libelous
libelous	sadness	libelous
libelous	surprise	libelous
libelous	trust	libelous
plinth	anger	plinth
plinth	anticipation	plinth
plinth	disgust	plinth
plinth	fear	plinth
plinth	joy	plinth
plinth	negative	plinth
plinth	positive	plinth
plinth	sadness	plinth
plinth	surprise	plinth
plinth	trust	plinth
watch	anger	reloj
watch	anticipation	de reloj
watch	disgust	de reloj
watch	fear	de reloj
watch	joy	reloj
watch	negative	de reloj
watch	positive	de reloj
watch	sadness	de reloj
watch	surprise	hernia
watch	trust	de hernia
hernia	anger	de reloj
hernia	anticipation	de reloj
hernia	disgust	hernia
hernia	fear	de hernia
hernia	joy	de hernia
hernia	negative	de hernia
hernia	positive	hernia
hernia	sadness	de hernia
hernia	surprise	de hernia
hernia	trust	de hernia
glorification	anger	glorificación
glorification	anticipation	de glorificación
glorification	disgust	de glorificación
glorification	fear	de glorificación
glorification	joy	glorificación
glorification	negative	de glorificación
glorification	positive	de glorificación
glorification	sadness	de glorificación
glorification	surprise	glorificación
glorification	trust	de glorificación
lucky	anger	afortunada
lucky	anticipation	afortunado
lucky	disgust	afortunado
lucky	fear	afortunado
lucky	joy	afortunado
lucky	negative	afortunado
lucky	positive	afortunado
lucky	sadness	afortunado
lucky	surprise	afortunado
lucky	trust	afortunado
clairvoyant	anger	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	anticipation	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	disgust	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	fear	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	joy	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	negative	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	positive	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	sadness	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	surprise	clairvoyant
clairvoyant	trust	clairvoyant
pap	anger	pap
pap	anticipation	pap
pap	disgust	pap
pap	fear	pap
pap	joy	pap
pap	negative	pap
pap	positive	pap
pap	sadness	pap
pap	surprise	pap
pap	trust	pap
rejects	anger	rehusa
rejects	anticipation	rehusa
rejects	disgust	rehusa
rejects	fear	rehusa
rejects	joy	rehusa
rejects	negative	rehusa
rejects	positive	rehusa
rejects	sadness	rehusa
rejects	surprise	rehusa
rejects	trust	rehusa
opposites	anger	opposites
opposites	anticipation	opposites
opposites	disgust	opposites
opposites	fear	opposites
opposites	joy	opposites
opposites	negative	opposites
opposites	positive	opposites
opposites	sadness	opposites
opposites	surprise	opposites
opposites	trust	opposites
quantum	anger	cuántico
quantum	anticipation	cuántico
quantum	disgust	cuántico
quantum	fear	cuántico
quantum	joy	cuántico
quantum	negative	cuántico
quantum	positive	cuántico
quantum	sadness	cuántico
quantum	surprise	cuántico
quantum	trust	cuántico
poise	anger	poise
poise	anticipation	poise
poise	disgust	poise
poise	fear	poise
poise	joy	poise
poise	negative	poise
poise	positive	poise
poise	sadness	poise
poise	surprise	poise
poise	trust	poise
painter	anger	pintor
painter	anticipation	de pintor
painter	disgust	de pintor
painter	fear	de pintor
painter	joy	pintor
painter	negative	de pintor
painter	positive	de pintor
painter	sadness	de pintor
painter	surprise	pintor
painter	trust	de pintor
rollicking	anger	rollicking
rollicking	anticipation	rollicking
rollicking	disgust	rollicking
rollicking	fear	rollicking
rollicking	joy	rollicking
rollicking	negative	rollicking
rollicking	positive	rollicking
rollicking	sadness	rollicking
rollicking	surprise	rollicking
rollicking	trust	rollicking
fatality	anger	fatality
fatality	anticipation	fatality
fatality	disgust	fatality
fatality	fear	fatality
fatality	joy	fatality
fatality	negative	fatality
fatality	positive	fatality
fatality	sadness	fatality
fatality	surprise	fatality
fatality	trust	fatality
diluted	anger	diluyó
diluted	anticipation	diluido
diluted	disgust	diluyó
diluted	fear	diluido
diluted	joy	diluyó
diluted	negative	diluido
diluted	positive	diluyó
diluted	sadness	diluido
diluted	surprise	diluyó
diluted	trust	diluido
disallowed	anger	disallowed
disallowed	anticipation	disallowed
disallowed	disgust	disallowed
disallowed	fear	disallowed
disallowed	joy	disallowed
disallowed	negative	disallowed
disallowed	positive	disallowed
disallowed	sadness	disallowed
disallowed	surprise	disallowed
disallowed	trust	disallowed
magician	anger	mago
magician	anticipation	de mago
magician	disgust	de mago
magician	fear	de mago
magician	joy	mago
magician	negative	de mago
magician	positive	de mago
magician	sadness	de mago
magician	surprise	comerciante
magician	trust	de comerciante
dealer	anger	de mago
dealer	anticipation	de mago
dealer	disgust	comerciante
dealer	fear	de comerciante
dealer	joy	de comerciante
dealer	negative	de comerciante
dealer	positive	comerciante
dealer	sadness	de comerciante
dealer	surprise	de comerciante
dealer	trust	de comerciante
butterfly	anger	mariposa
butterfly	anticipation	de mariposa
butterfly	disgust	de mariposa
butterfly	fear	de mariposa
butterfly	joy	mariposa
butterfly	negative	de mariposa
butterfly	positive	de mariposa
butterfly	sadness	de mariposa
butterfly	surprise	mariposa
butterfly	trust	de mariposa
navigate	anger	navigate
navigate	anticipation	navigate
navigate	disgust	navigate
navigate	fear	navigate
navigate	joy	navigate
navigate	negative	navigate
navigate	positive	navigate
navigate	sadness	navigate
navigate	surprise	navigate
navigate	trust	navigate
warfare	anger	warfare
warfare	anticipation	warfare
warfare	disgust	warfare
warfare	fear	warfare
warfare	joy	warfare
warfare	negative	warfare
warfare	positive	warfare
warfare	sadness	warfare
warfare	surprise	warfare
warfare	trust	warfare
matting	anger	matting
matting	anticipation	matting
matting	disgust	matting
matting	fear	matting
matting	joy	matting
matting	negative	matting
matting	positive	matting
matting	sadness	matting
matting	surprise	matting
matting	trust	matting
poisoned	anger	envenenó
poisoned	anticipation	envenenado
poisoned	disgust	envenenó
poisoned	fear	envenenado
poisoned	joy	envenenó
poisoned	negative	envenenado
poisoned	positive	envenenó
poisoned	sadness	envenenado
poisoned	surprise	envenenó
poisoned	trust	despedida
farewell	anger	de despedida
farewell	anticipation	de despedida
farewell	disgust	envenenada
farewell	fear	despedida
farewell	joy	de despedida
farewell	negative	de despedida
farewell	positive	de despedida
farewell	sadness	arca
farewell	surprise	de despedida
farewell	trust	de despedida
ark	anger	de despedida
ark	anticipation	arca
ark	disgust	de arca
ark	fear	de arca
ark	joy	de arca
ark	negative	arca
ark	positive	de arca
ark	sadness	de arca
ark	surprise	de arca
ark	trust	el arca
horse	anger	caballar
horse	anticipation	caballar
horse	disgust	caballar
horse	fear	caballar
horse	joy	caballar
horse	negative	caballar
horse	positive	caballar
horse	sadness	pasión
horse	surprise	de pasión
horse	trust	caballar
passion	anger	caballar
passion	anticipation	caballar
passion	disgust	pasión
passion	fear	de pasión
passion	joy	de pasión
passion	negative	de pasión
passion	positive	pasión
passion	sadness	de pasión
passion	surprise	de pasión
passion	trust	de pasión
drenched	anger	empapó
drenched	anticipation	empapada
drenched	disgust	empapó
drenched	fear	empapado
drenched	joy	empapó
drenched	negative	empapado
drenched	positive	empapó
drenched	sadness	empapado
drenched	surprise	empapó
drenched	trust	empapado
beneficiary	anger	beneficiary
beneficiary	anticipation	beneficiary
beneficiary	disgust	beneficiary
beneficiary	fear	beneficiary
beneficiary	joy	beneficiary
beneficiary	negative	beneficiary
beneficiary	positive	beneficiary
beneficiary	sadness	beneficiary
beneficiary	surprise	beneficiary
beneficiary	trust	beneficiary
simile	anger	símil
simile	anticipation	de símil
simile	disgust	de símil
simile	fear	de símil
simile	joy	símil
simile	negative	de símil
simile	positive	de símil
simile	sadness	de símil
simile	surprise	símil
simile	trust	de símil
reproductive	anger	reproductivo
reproductive	anticipation	reproductivo
reproductive	disgust	reproductivo
reproductive	fear	reproductivo
reproductive	joy	reproductivo
reproductive	negative	reproductivo
reproductive	positive	reproductivo
reproductive	sadness	reproductivo
reproductive	surprise	reproductivo
reproductive	trust	reproductivo
inordinate	anger	inordinate
inordinate	anticipation	inordinate
inordinate	disgust	inordinate
inordinate	fear	inordinate
inordinate	joy	inordinate
inordinate	negative	inordinate
inordinate	positive	inordinate
inordinate	sadness	inordinate
inordinate	surprise	inordinate
inordinate	trust	inordinate
entree	anger	entree
entree	anticipation	entree
entree	disgust	entree
entree	fear	entree
entree	joy	entree
entree	negative	entree
entree	positive	entree
entree	sadness	entree
entree	surprise	entree
entree	trust	entree
felony	anger	felony
felony	anticipation	felony
felony	disgust	felony
felony	fear	felony
felony	joy	felony
felony	negative	felony
felony	positive	felony
felony	sadness	felony
felony	surprise	felony
felony	trust	felony
righteous	anger	righteous
righteous	anticipation	righteous
righteous	disgust	righteous
righteous	fear	righteous
righteous	joy	righteous
righteous	negative	righteous
righteous	positive	righteous
righteous	sadness	righteous
righteous	surprise	righteous
righteous	trust	righteous
crux	anger	quid
crux	anticipation	de quid
crux	disgust	de quid
crux	fear	de quid
crux	joy	quid
crux	negative	de quid
crux	positive	de quid
crux	sadness	de quid
crux	surprise	quid
crux	trust	de quid
eyeglass	anger	eyeglass
eyeglass	anticipation	eyeglass
eyeglass	disgust	eyeglass
eyeglass	fear	eyeglass
eyeglass	joy	eyeglass
eyeglass	negative	eyeglass
eyeglass	positive	eyeglass
eyeglass	sadness	eyeglass
eyeglass	surprise	eyeglass
eyeglass	trust	eyeglass
majesty	anger	majestad
majesty	anticipation	de majestad
majesty	disgust	de majestad
majesty	fear	de majestad
majesty	joy	majestad
majesty	negative	de majestad
majesty	positive	de majestad
majesty	sadness	de majestad
majesty	surprise	majestad
majesty	trust	de majestad
materiality	anger	materiality
materiality	anticipation	materiality
materiality	disgust	materiality
materiality	fear	materiality
materiality	joy	materiality
materiality	negative	materiality
materiality	positive	materiality
materiality	sadness	materiality
materiality	surprise	materiality
materiality	trust	materiality
tingling	anger	tingling
tingling	anticipation	tingling
tingling	disgust	tingling
tingling	fear	tingling
tingling	joy	tingling
tingling	negative	tingling
tingling	positive	tingling
tingling	sadness	tingling
tingling	surprise	tingling
tingling	trust	tingling
roulette	anger	ruleta
roulette	anticipation	de ruleta
roulette	disgust	de ruleta
roulette	fear	de ruleta
roulette	joy	ruleta
roulette	negative	de ruleta
roulette	positive	de ruleta
roulette	sadness	de ruleta
roulette	surprise	ruleta
roulette	trust	de ruleta
mindfulness	anger	mindfulness
mindfulness	anticipation	mindfulness
mindfulness	disgust	mindfulness
mindfulness	fear	mindfulness
mindfulness	joy	mindfulness
mindfulness	negative	mindfulness
mindfulness	positive	mindfulness
mindfulness	sadness	mindfulness
mindfulness	surprise	mindfulness
mindfulness	trust	mindfulness
accompaniment	anger	acompañamiento
accompaniment	anticipation	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	disgust	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	fear	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	joy	acompañamiento
accompaniment	negative	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	positive	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	sadness	de acompañamiento
accompaniment	surprise	acompañamiento
accompaniment	trust	de acompañamiento
haggle	anger	haggle
haggle	anticipation	haggle
haggle	disgust	haggle
haggle	fear	haggle
haggle	joy	haggle
haggle	negative	haggle
haggle	positive	haggle
haggle	sadness	haggle
haggle	surprise	haggle
haggle	trust	haggle
differences	anger	diferencias
differences	anticipation	de diferencias
differences	disgust	de diferencias
differences	fear	de diferencias
differences	joy	diferencias
differences	negative	de diferencias
differences	positive	de diferencias
differences	sadness	de diferencias
differences	surprise	factura
differences	trust	de factura
invoice	anger	de diferencias
invoice	anticipation	de diferencias
invoice	disgust	factura
invoice	fear	de factura
invoice	joy	de factura
invoice	negative	de factura
invoice	positive	factura
invoice	sadness	de factura
invoice	surprise	de factura
invoice	trust	de factura
overturn	anger	overturn
overturn	anticipation	overturn
overturn	disgust	overturn
overturn	fear	overturn
overturn	joy	overturn
overturn	negative	overturn
overturn	positive	overturn
overturn	sadness	overturn
overturn	surprise	overturn
overturn	trust	overturn
mug	anger	mug
mug	anticipation	mug
mug	disgust	mug
mug	fear	mug
mug	joy	mug
mug	negative	mug
mug	positive	mug
mug	sadness	mug
mug	surprise	mug
mug	trust	mug
conveyancing	anger	conveyancing
conveyancing	anticipation	conveyancing
conveyancing	disgust	conveyancing
conveyancing	fear	conveyancing
conveyancing	joy	conveyancing
conveyancing	negative	conveyancing
conveyancing	positive	conveyancing
conveyancing	sadness	conveyancing
conveyancing	surprise	conveyancing
conveyancing	trust	conveyancing
transcendence	anger	trascendencia
transcendence	anticipation	de trascendencia
transcendence	disgust	de trascendencia
transcendence	fear	de trascendencia
transcendence	joy	trascendencia
transcendence	negative	de trascendencia
transcendence	positive	de trascendencia
transcendence	sadness	de trascendencia
transcendence	surprise	infierno
transcendence	trust	de infierno
hell	anger	de trascendencia
hell	anticipation	de trascendencia
hell	disgust	infierno
hell	fear	de infierno
hell	joy	de infierno
hell	negative	de infierno
hell	positive	infierno
hell	sadness	de infierno
hell	surprise	de infierno
hell	trust	de infierno
ham	anger	jamón
ham	anticipation	de jamón
ham	disgust	de jamón
ham	fear	de jamón
ham	joy	jamón
ham	negative	de jamón
ham	positive	de jamón
ham	sadness	de jamón
ham	surprise	jamón
ham	trust	de jamón
mandible	anger	mandible
mandible	anticipation	mandible
mandible	disgust	mandible
mandible	fear	mandible
mandible	joy	mandible
mandible	negative	mandible
mandible	positive	mandible
mandible	sadness	mandible
mandible	surprise	mandible
mandible	trust	mandible
synchronize	anger	sincronizar
synchronize	anticipation	sincronizar
synchronize	disgust	sincronizar
synchronize	fear	sincronizar
synchronize	joy	sincronizar
synchronize	negative	sincronizar
synchronize	positive	sincronizar
synchronize	sadness	sincronizar
synchronize	surprise	sincronizar
synchronize	trust	sincronizar
backhoe	anger	backhoe
backhoe	anticipation	backhoe
backhoe	disgust	backhoe
backhoe	fear	backhoe
backhoe	joy	backhoe
backhoe	negative	backhoe
backhoe	positive	backhoe
backhoe	sadness	backhoe
backhoe	surprise	backhoe
backhoe	trust	backhoe
lateral	anger	lateral
lateral	anticipation	lateral
lateral	disgust	lateral
lateral	fear	lateral
lateral	joy	lateral
lateral	negative	lateral
lateral	positive	lateral
lateral	sadness	trinchera
lateral	surprise	de trinchera
lateral	trust	lateral
trench	anger	lateral
trench	anticipation	lateral
trench	disgust	trinchera
trench	fear	de trinchera
trench	joy	de trinchera
trench	negative	de trinchera
trench	positive	trinchera
trench	sadness	de trinchera
trench	surprise	de trinchera
trench	trust	de trinchera
repressed	anger	reprimió
repressed	anticipation	reprimida
repressed	disgust	reprimió
repressed	fear	reprimido
repressed	joy	reprimió
repressed	negative	reprimido
repressed	positive	reprimió
repressed	sadness	reprimido
repressed	surprise	reprimió
repressed	trust	persona
person	anger	de persona
person	anticipation	de persona
person	disgust	reprimida
person	fear	persona
person	joy	de persona
person	negative	de persona
person	positive	de persona
person	sadness	persona
person	surprise	de persona
person	trust	de la persona
pastor	anger	pastor
pastor	anticipation	pastor
pastor	disgust	pastor
pastor	fear	pastor
pastor	joy	pastor
pastor	negative	pastor
pastor	positive	pastor
pastor	sadness	pastor
pastor	surprise	pastor
pastor	trust	pastor
interferometer	anger	interferómetro
interferometer	anticipation	de interferómetro
interferometer	disgust	de interferómetro
interferometer	fear	de interferómetro
interferometer	joy	interferómetro
interferometer	negative	de interferómetro
interferometer	positive	de interferómetro
interferometer	sadness	de interferómetro
interferometer	surprise	laureles
interferometer	trust	de laureles
laurels	anger	de interferómetro
laurels	anticipation	de interferómetro
laurels	disgust	laureles
laurels	fear	de laureles
laurels	joy	de laureles
laurels	negative	de laureles
laurels	positive	laureles
laurels	sadness	de laureles
laurels	surprise	de laureles
laurels	trust	de laureles
maintenance	anger	mantenimiento
maintenance	anticipation	de mantenimiento
maintenance	disgust	de mantenimiento
maintenance	fear	de mantenimiento
maintenance	joy	mantenimiento
maintenance	negative	de mantenimiento
maintenance	positive	de mantenimiento
maintenance	sadness	de mantenimiento
maintenance	surprise	mantenimiento
maintenance	trust	de mantenimiento
disaffected	anger	disaffected
disaffected	anticipation	disaffected
disaffected	disgust	disaffected
disaffected	fear	disaffected
disaffected	joy	disaffected
disaffected	negative	disaffected
disaffected	positive	disaffected
disaffected	sadness	disaffected
disaffected	surprise	disaffected
disaffected	trust	disaffected
correspondence	anger	correspondencia
correspondence	anticipation	de correspondencia
correspondence	disgust	de correspondencia
correspondence	fear	de correspondencia
correspondence	joy	correspondencia
correspondence	negative	de correspondencia
correspondence	positive	de correspondencia
correspondence	sadness	de correspondencia
correspondence	surprise	correspondencia
correspondence	trust	de correspondencia
engender	anger	engender
engender	anticipation	engender
engender	disgust	engender
engender	fear	engender
engender	joy	engender
engender	negative	engender
engender	positive	engender
engender	sadness	engender
engender	surprise	engender
engender	trust	engender
thermometer	anger	termómetro
thermometer	anticipation	de termómetro
thermometer	disgust	de termómetro
thermometer	fear	de termómetro
thermometer	joy	termómetro
thermometer	negative	de termómetro
thermometer	positive	de termómetro
thermometer	sadness	de termómetro
thermometer	surprise	termómetro
thermometer	trust	de termómetro
deflate	anger	deflate
deflate	anticipation	deflate
deflate	disgust	deflate
deflate	fear	deflate
deflate	joy	deflate
deflate	negative	deflate
deflate	positive	deflate
deflate	sadness	deflate
deflate	surprise	deflate
deflate	trust	deflate
subplot	anger	subplot
subplot	anticipation	subplot
subplot	disgust	subplot
subplot	fear	subplot
subplot	joy	subplot
subplot	negative	subplot
subplot	positive	subplot
subplot	sadness	subplot
subplot	surprise	subplot
subplot	trust	subplot
delve	anger	delve
delve	anticipation	delve
delve	disgust	delve
delve	fear	delve
delve	joy	delve
delve	negative	delve
delve	positive	delve
delve	sadness	delve
delve	surprise	delve
delve	trust	delve
supplant	anger	supplant
supplant	anticipation	supplant
supplant	disgust	supplant
supplant	fear	supplant
supplant	joy	supplant
supplant	negative	supplant
supplant	positive	supplant
supplant	sadness	supplant
supplant	surprise	supplant
supplant	trust	supplant
cloves	anger	cloves
cloves	anticipation	cloves
cloves	disgust	cloves
cloves	fear	cloves
cloves	joy	cloves
cloves	negative	cloves
cloves	positive	cloves
cloves	sadness	cloves
cloves	surprise	cloves
cloves	trust	cloves
dizzy	anger	dizzy
dizzy	anticipation	dizzy
dizzy	disgust	dizzy
dizzy	fear	dizzy
dizzy	joy	dizzy
dizzy	negative	dizzy
dizzy	positive	dizzy
dizzy	sadness	dizzy
dizzy	surprise	dizzy
dizzy	trust	dizzy
homicidal	anger	homicidal
homicidal	anticipation	homicidal
homicidal	disgust	homicidal
homicidal	fear	homicidal
homicidal	joy	homicidal
homicidal	negative	homicidal
homicidal	positive	homicidal
homicidal	sadness	homicidal
homicidal	surprise	homicidal
homicidal	trust	homicidal
supplemental	anger	supplemental
supplemental	anticipation	supplemental
supplemental	disgust	supplemental
supplemental	fear	supplemental
supplemental	joy	supplemental
supplemental	negative	supplemental
supplemental	positive	supplemental
supplemental	sadness	supplemental
supplemental	surprise	supplemental
supplemental	trust	supplemental
instinctive	anger	instinctive
instinctive	anticipation	instinctive
instinctive	disgust	instinctive
instinctive	fear	instinctive
instinctive	joy	instinctive
instinctive	negative	instinctive
instinctive	positive	instinctive
instinctive	sadness	instinctive
instinctive	surprise	instinctive
instinctive	trust	instinctive
darken	anger	oscurece
darken	anticipation	oscurece
darken	disgust	oscurece
darken	fear	oscurece
darken	joy	oscurece
darken	negative	oscurece
darken	positive	oscurece
darken	sadness	oscurece
darken	surprise	oscurece
darken	trust	oscurece
answerable	anger	responsable
answerable	anticipation	responsable
answerable	disgust	responsable
answerable	fear	responsable
answerable	joy	responsable
answerable	negative	responsable
answerable	positive	responsable
answerable	sadness	florete
answerable	surprise	de florete
answerable	trust	responsable
foil	anger	responsable
foil	anticipation	responsable
foil	disgust	florete
foil	fear	de florete
foil	joy	de florete
foil	negative	de florete
foil	positive	florete
foil	sadness	de florete
foil	surprise	de florete
foil	trust	de florete
immersion	anger	inmersión
immersion	anticipation	de inmersión
immersion	disgust	de inmersión
immersion	fear	de inmersión
immersion	joy	inmersión
immersion	negative	de inmersión
immersion	positive	de inmersión
immersion	sadness	de inmersión
immersion	surprise	seminario
immersion	trust	de seminario
seminar	anger	de inmersión
seminar	anticipation	de inmersión
seminar	disgust	seminario
seminar	fear	de seminario
seminar	joy	de seminario
seminar	negative	de seminario
seminar	positive	seminario
seminar	sadness	de seminario
seminar	surprise	de seminario
seminar	trust	de seminario
fiction	anger	ficción
fiction	anticipation	de ficción
fiction	disgust	de ficción
fiction	fear	de ficción
fiction	joy	ficción
fiction	negative	de ficción
fiction	positive	de ficción
fiction	sadness	de ficción
fiction	surprise	ficción
fiction	trust	de ficción
mossy	anger	mossy
mossy	anticipation	mossy
mossy	disgust	mossy
mossy	fear	mossy
mossy	joy	mossy
mossy	negative	mossy
mossy	positive	mossy
mossy	sadness	mossy
mossy	surprise	mossy
mossy	trust	mossy
motherhood	anger	maternidad
motherhood	anticipation	de maternidad
motherhood	disgust	de maternidad
motherhood	fear	de maternidad
motherhood	joy	maternidad
motherhood	negative	de maternidad
motherhood	positive	de maternidad
motherhood	sadness	de maternidad
motherhood	surprise	maternidad
motherhood	trust	de maternidad
bulky	anger	voluminosa
bulky	anticipation	voluminoso
bulky	disgust	voluminoso
bulky	fear	voluminoso
bulky	joy	voluminoso
bulky	negative	voluminoso
bulky	positive	voluminoso
bulky	sadness	barco de vapor
bulky	surprise	de barco de vapor
bulky	trust	voluminoso
steamboat	anger	voluminoso
steamboat	anticipation	voluminoso
steamboat	disgust	barco de vapor
steamboat	fear	de barco de vapor
steamboat	joy	de barco de vapor
steamboat	negative	de barco de vapor
steamboat	positive	barco de vapor
steamboat	sadness	de barco de vapor
steamboat	surprise	de barco de vapor
steamboat	trust	de barco de vapor
slum	anger	slum
slum	anticipation	slum
slum	disgust	slum
slum	fear	slum
slum	joy	slum
slum	negative	slum
slum	positive	slum
slum	sadness	slum
slum	surprise	slum
slum	trust	slum
protestant	anger	protestant
protestant	anticipation	protestant
protestant	disgust	protestant
protestant	fear	protestant
protestant	joy	protestant
protestant	negative	protestant
protestant	positive	protestant
protestant	sadness	protestant
protestant	surprise	protestant
protestant	trust	protestant
rage	anger	rabia
rage	anticipation	de rabia
rage	disgust	de rabia
rage	fear	de rabia
rage	joy	rabia
rage	negative	de rabia
rage	positive	de rabia
rage	sadness	de rabia
rage	surprise	línea
rage	trust	de línea
line	anger	de rabia
line	anticipation	de rabia
line	disgust	línea
line	fear	de línea
line	joy	de línea
line	negative	de línea
line	positive	línea
line	sadness	de línea
line	surprise	de línea
line	trust	de línea
overpower	anger	overpower
overpower	anticipation	overpower
overpower	disgust	overpower
overpower	fear	overpower
overpower	joy	overpower
overpower	negative	overpower
overpower	positive	overpower
overpower	sadness	overpower
overpower	surprise	overpower
overpower	trust	overpower
padre	anger	padre
padre	anticipation	padre
padre	disgust	padre
padre	fear	padre
padre	joy	padre
padre	negative	padre
padre	positive	padre
padre	sadness	padre
padre	surprise	padre
padre	trust	padre
childish	anger	infantil
childish	anticipation	infantil
childish	disgust	infantil
childish	fear	infantil
childish	joy	infantil
childish	negative	infantil
childish	positive	infantil
childish	sadness	semejanza
childish	surprise	de semejanza
childish	trust	infantil
similarity	anger	infantil
similarity	anticipation	infantil
similarity	disgust	semejanza
similarity	fear	de semejanza
similarity	joy	de semejanza
similarity	negative	de semejanza
similarity	positive	semejanza
similarity	sadness	de semejanza
similarity	surprise	de semejanza
similarity	trust	de semejanza
vacuole	anger	vacuola
vacuole	anticipation	de vacuola
vacuole	disgust	de vacuola
vacuole	fear	de vacuola
vacuole	joy	vacuola
vacuole	negative	de vacuola
vacuole	positive	de vacuola
vacuole	sadness	de vacuola
vacuole	surprise	astrología
vacuole	trust	de astrología
astrology	anger	de vacuola
astrology	anticipation	de vacuola
astrology	disgust	astrología
astrology	fear	de astrología
astrology	joy	de astrología
astrology	negative	de astrología
astrology	positive	astrología
astrology	sadness	de astrología
astrology	surprise	de astrología
astrology	trust	de astrología
dollar	anger	dólar
dollar	anticipation	de dólar
dollar	disgust	de dólar
dollar	fear	de dólar
dollar	joy	dólar
dollar	negative	de dólar
dollar	positive	de dólar
dollar	sadness	de dólar
dollar	surprise	dólar
dollar	trust	de dólar
furnace	anger	furnace
furnace	anticipation	furnace
furnace	disgust	furnace
furnace	fear	furnace
furnace	joy	furnace
furnace	negative	furnace
furnace	positive	furnace
furnace	sadness	furnace
furnace	surprise	furnace
furnace	trust	furnace
grief	anger	dolor
grief	anticipation	de dolor
grief	disgust	de dolor
grief	fear	de dolor
grief	joy	dolor
grief	negative	de dolor
grief	positive	de dolor
grief	sadness	de dolor
grief	surprise	grito
grief	trust	de grito
shout	anger	de dolor
shout	anticipation	de dolor
shout	disgust	grito
shout	fear	de grito
shout	joy	de grito
shout	negative	de grito
shout	positive	grito
shout	sadness	de grito
shout	surprise	de grito
shout	trust	de grito
salad	anger	ensalada
salad	anticipation	de ensalada
salad	disgust	de ensalada
salad	fear	de ensalada
salad	joy	ensalada
salad	negative	de ensalada
salad	positive	de ensalada
salad	sadness	de ensalada
salad	surprise	ensalada
salad	trust	de ensalada
neighboring	anger	neighboring
neighboring	anticipation	neighboring
neighboring	disgust	neighboring
neighboring	fear	neighboring
neighboring	joy	neighboring
neighboring	negative	neighboring
neighboring	positive	neighboring
neighboring	sadness	neighboring
neighboring	surprise	neighboring
neighboring	trust	neighboring
stunned	anger	anonadó
stunned	anticipation	anonadado
stunned	disgust	anonadó
stunned	fear	anonadado
stunned	joy	anonadó
stunned	negative	anonadado
stunned	positive	anonadó
stunned	sadness	anonadado
stunned	surprise	anonadó
stunned	trust	anonadado
helpful	anger	útil
helpful	anticipation	útil
helpful	disgust	útil
helpful	fear	útil
helpful	joy	útil
helpful	negative	útil
helpful	positive	útil
helpful	sadness	útil
helpful	surprise	útil
helpful	trust	útil
prefect	anger	prefect
prefect	anticipation	prefect
prefect	disgust	prefect
prefect	fear	prefect
prefect	joy	prefect
prefect	negative	prefect
prefect	positive	prefect
prefect	sadness	prefect
prefect	surprise	prefect
prefect	trust	prefect
gunner	anger	gunner
gunner	anticipation	gunner
gunner	disgust	gunner
gunner	fear	gunner
gunner	joy	gunner
gunner	negative	gunner
gunner	positive	gunner
gunner	sadness	gunner
gunner	surprise	gunner
gunner	trust	gunner
cremation	anger	cremación
cremation	anticipation	de cremación
cremation	disgust	de cremación
cremation	fear	de cremación
cremation	joy	cremación
cremation	negative	de cremación
cremation	positive	de cremación
cremation	sadness	de cremación
cremation	surprise	enemistad
cremation	trust	de enemistad
enmity	anger	de cremación
enmity	anticipation	de cremación
enmity	disgust	enemistad
enmity	fear	de enemistad
enmity	joy	de enemistad
enmity	negative	de enemistad
enmity	positive	enemistad
enmity	sadness	de enemistad
enmity	surprise	de enemistad
enmity	trust	de enemistad
inborn	anger	inborn
inborn	anticipation	inborn
inborn	disgust	inborn
inborn	fear	inborn
inborn	joy	inborn
inborn	negative	inborn
inborn	positive	inborn
inborn	sadness	inborn
inborn	surprise	inborn
inborn	trust	inborn
inconsiderate	anger	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	anticipation	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	disgust	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	fear	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	joy	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	negative	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	positive	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	sadness	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	surprise	desconsiderado
inconsiderate	trust	desconsiderado
monumental	anger	monumental
monumental	anticipation	monumental
monumental	disgust	monumental
monumental	fear	monumental
monumental	joy	monumental
monumental	negative	monumental
monumental	positive	monumental
monumental	sadness	emoción
monumental	surprise	de emoción
monumental	trust	monumental
emotion	anger	monumental
emotion	anticipation	monumental
emotion	disgust	emoción
emotion	fear	de emoción
emotion	joy	de emoción
emotion	negative	de emoción
emotion	positive	emoción
emotion	sadness	de emoción
emotion	surprise	de emoción
emotion	trust	de emoción
proceeds	anger	procede
proceeds	anticipation	procede
proceeds	disgust	procede
proceeds	fear	procede
proceeds	joy	procede
proceeds	negative	procede
proceeds	positive	procede
proceeds	sadness	procede
proceeds	surprise	procede
proceeds	trust	procede
registration	anger	inscripción
registration	anticipation	de inscripción
registration	disgust	de inscripción
registration	fear	de inscripción
registration	joy	inscripción
registration	negative	de inscripción
registration	positive	de inscripción
registration	sadness	de inscripción
registration	surprise	solución
registration	trust	de solución
solution	anger	de inscripción
solution	anticipation	de inscripción
solution	disgust	solución
solution	fear	de solución
solution	joy	de solución
solution	negative	de solución
solution	positive	solución
solution	sadness	de solución
solution	surprise	de solución
solution	trust	de solución
wrangler	anger	wrangler
wrangler	anticipation	wrangler
wrangler	disgust	wrangler
wrangler	fear	wrangler
wrangler	joy	wrangler
wrangler	negative	wrangler
wrangler	positive	wrangler
wrangler	sadness	wrangler
wrangler	surprise	wrangler
wrangler	trust	wrangler
quarters	anger	los trimestres
quarters	anticipation	acuartela
quarters	disgust	los trimestres
quarters	fear	acuartela
quarters	joy	los trimestres
quarters	negative	acuartela
quarters	positive	los trimestres
quarters	sadness	acuartela
quarters	surprise	los trimestres
quarters	trust	acuartela
reflecting	anger	reflejar
reflecting	anticipation	reflectores
reflecting	disgust	reflectores
reflecting	fear	reflectores
reflecting	joy	reflectores
reflecting	negative	reflectores
reflecting	positive	reflectores
reflecting	sadness	baloncesto
reflecting	surprise	de baloncesto
reflecting	trust	reflector
basketball	anger	reflector
basketball	anticipation	reflector
basketball	disgust	baloncesto
basketball	fear	de baloncesto
basketball	joy	de baloncesto
basketball	negative	de baloncesto
basketball	positive	baloncesto
basketball	sadness	de baloncesto
basketball	surprise	de baloncesto
basketball	trust	de baloncesto
lonesome	anger	lonesome
lonesome	anticipation	lonesome
lonesome	disgust	lonesome
lonesome	fear	lonesome
lonesome	joy	lonesome
lonesome	negative	lonesome
lonesome	positive	lonesome
lonesome	sadness	lonesome
lonesome	surprise	lonesome
lonesome	trust	lonesome
apostrophe	anger	apóstrofo
apostrophe	anticipation	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	disgust	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	fear	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	joy	apóstrofo
apostrophe	negative	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	positive	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	sadness	de apóstrofo
apostrophe	surprise	apóstrofo
apostrophe	trust	de apóstrofo
bate	anger	bate
bate	anticipation	bate
bate	disgust	bate
bate	fear	bate
bate	joy	bate
bate	negative	bate
bate	positive	bate
bate	sadness	bate
bate	surprise	bate
bate	trust	bate
forgiven	anger	perdonado
forgiven	anticipation	perdonado
forgiven	disgust	perdonado
forgiven	fear	perdonado
forgiven	joy	perdonado
forgiven	negative	perdonado
forgiven	positive	perdonado
forgiven	sadness	perdonado
forgiven	surprise	casa
forgiven	trust	de casa
house	anger	perdonada
house	anticipation	perdonada
house	disgust	casa
house	fear	de casa
house	joy	de casa
house	negative	de casa
house	positive	casa
house	sadness	de casa
house	surprise	de casa
house	trust	de casa
barbaric	anger	bárbara
barbaric	anticipation	bárbaro
barbaric	disgust	bárbaro
barbaric	fear	bárbaro
barbaric	joy	bárbaro
barbaric	negative	bárbaro
barbaric	positive	bárbaro
barbaric	sadness	bárbaro
barbaric	surprise	bárbaro
barbaric	trust	bárbaro
candid	anger	franco
candid	anticipation	franco
candid	disgust	franco
candid	fear	franco
candid	joy	franco
candid	negative	franco
candid	positive	franco
candid	sadness	franco
candid	surprise	franco
candid	trust	franco
ay	anger	ay
ay	anticipation	ay
ay	disgust	ay
ay	fear	ay
ay	joy	ay
ay	negative	ay
ay	positive	ay
ay	sadness	ay
ay	surprise	ay
ay	trust	ay
retrieval	anger	retrieval
retrieval	anticipation	retrieval
retrieval	disgust	retrieval
retrieval	fear	retrieval
retrieval	joy	retrieval
retrieval	negative	retrieval
retrieval	positive	retrieval
retrieval	sadness	retrieval
retrieval	surprise	retrieval
retrieval	trust	retrieval
anchorage	anger	anclaje
anchorage	anticipation	de anclaje
anchorage	disgust	de anclaje
anchorage	fear	de anclaje
anchorage	joy	anclaje
anchorage	negative	de anclaje
anchorage	positive	de anclaje
anchorage	sadness	de anclaje
anchorage	surprise	detalle
anchorage	trust	de detalle
detail	anger	de anclaje
detail	anticipation	de anclaje
detail	disgust	detalle
detail	fear	de detalle
detail	joy	de detalle
detail	negative	de detalle
detail	positive	detalle
detail	sadness	de detalle
detail	surprise	de detalle
detail	trust	de detalle
incompetent	anger	incompetente
incompetent	anticipation	incompetente
incompetent	disgust	incompetente
incompetent	fear	incompetente
incompetent	joy	incompetente
incompetent	negative	incompetente
incompetent	positive	incompetente
incompetent	sadness	auxiliar
incompetent	surprise	de auxiliar
incompetent	trust	incompetente
steward	anger	incompetente
steward	anticipation	incompetente
steward	disgust	auxiliar
steward	fear	de auxiliar
steward	joy	de auxiliar
steward	negative	de auxiliar
steward	positive	auxiliar
steward	sadness	de auxiliar
steward	surprise	de auxiliar
steward	trust	de auxiliar
commandant	anger	commandant
commandant	anticipation	commandant
commandant	disgust	commandant
commandant	fear	commandant
commandant	joy	commandant
commandant	negative	commandant
commandant	positive	commandant
commandant	sadness	commandant
commandant	surprise	commandant
commandant	trust	commandant
giant	anger	gigante
giant	anticipation	gigante
giant	disgust	gigante
giant	fear	gigante
giant	joy	gigante
giant	negative	gigante
giant	positive	gigante
giant	sadness	gigante
giant	surprise	gigante
giant	trust	gigante
treadmill	anger	treadmill
treadmill	anticipation	treadmill
treadmill	disgust	treadmill
treadmill	fear	treadmill
treadmill	joy	treadmill
treadmill	negative	treadmill
treadmill	positive	treadmill
treadmill	sadness	treadmill
treadmill	surprise	treadmill
treadmill	trust	treadmill
recumbent	anger	recumbent
recumbent	anticipation	recumbent
recumbent	disgust	recumbent
recumbent	fear	recumbent
recumbent	joy	recumbent
recumbent	negative	recumbent
recumbent	positive	recumbent
recumbent	sadness	recumbent
recumbent	surprise	recumbent
recumbent	trust	recumbent
squint	anger	squint
squint	anticipation	squint
squint	disgust	squint
squint	fear	squint
squint	joy	squint
squint	negative	squint
squint	positive	squint
squint	sadness	squint
squint	surprise	squint
squint	trust	squint
tomahawk	anger	tomahawk
tomahawk	anticipation	tomahawk
tomahawk	disgust	tomahawk
tomahawk	fear	tomahawk
tomahawk	joy	tomahawk
tomahawk	negative	tomahawk
tomahawk	positive	tomahawk
tomahawk	sadness	tomahawk
tomahawk	surprise	tomahawk
tomahawk	trust	tomahawk
earth	anger	tierra
earth	anticipation	de tierra
earth	disgust	de tierra
earth	fear	de tierra
earth	joy	tierra
earth	negative	de tierra
earth	positive	de tierra
earth	sadness	de tierra
earth	surprise	tierra
earth	trust	de tierra
jarring	anger	jarring
jarring	anticipation	jarring
jarring	disgust	jarring
jarring	fear	jarring
jarring	joy	jarring
jarring	negative	jarring
jarring	positive	jarring
jarring	sadness	jarring
jarring	surprise	jarring
jarring	trust	jarring
fatty	anger	fatty
fatty	anticipation	fatty
fatty	disgust	fatty
fatty	fear	fatty
fatty	joy	fatty
fatty	negative	fatty
fatty	positive	fatty
fatty	sadness	fatty
fatty	surprise	fatty
fatty	trust	fatty
jumbo	anger	jumbo
jumbo	anticipation	de jumbo
jumbo	disgust	de jumbo
jumbo	fear	de jumbo
jumbo	joy	jumbo
jumbo	negative	de jumbo
jumbo	positive	de jumbo
jumbo	sadness	de jumbo
jumbo	surprise	jumbo
jumbo	trust	de jumbo
coloration	anger	coloration
coloration	anticipation	coloration
coloration	disgust	coloration
coloration	fear	coloration
coloration	joy	coloration
coloration	negative	coloration
coloration	positive	coloration
coloration	sadness	coloration
coloration	surprise	coloration
coloration	trust	coloration
interchangeable	anger	intercambiable
interchangeable	anticipation	intercambiable
interchangeable	disgust	intercambiable
interchangeable	fear	intercambiable
interchangeable	joy	intercambiable
interchangeable	negative	intercambiable
interchangeable	positive	intercambiable
interchangeable	sadness	intercambiable
interchangeable	surprise	intercambiable
interchangeable	trust	intercambiable
nutritive	anger	nutritive
nutritive	anticipation	nutritive
nutritive	disgust	nutritive
nutritive	fear	nutritive
nutritive	joy	nutritive
nutritive	negative	nutritive
nutritive	positive	nutritive
nutritive	sadness	nutritive
nutritive	surprise	nutritive
nutritive	trust	nutritive
denial	anger	denegación
denial	anticipation	de denegación
denial	disgust	de denegación
denial	fear	de denegación
denial	joy	denegación
denial	negative	de denegación
denial	positive	de denegación
denial	sadness	de denegación
denial	surprise	salvia
denial	trust	de salvia
sage	anger	de denegación
sage	anticipation	de denegación
sage	disgust	salvia
sage	fear	de salvia
sage	joy	de salvia
sage	negative	de salvia
sage	positive	salvia
sage	sadness	de salvia
sage	surprise	de salvia
sage	trust	de salvia
revolutionize	anger	revoluciona
revolutionize	anticipation	revolucionar
revolutionize	disgust	revolucionar
revolutionize	fear	revolucionar
revolutionize	joy	revolucionar
revolutionize	negative	revolucionar
revolutionize	positive	revolucionar
revolutionize	sadness	revolucionar
revolutionize	surprise	revolucionar
revolutionize	trust	revolucionar
preside	anger	preside
preside	anticipation	preside
preside	disgust	preside
preside	fear	preside
preside	joy	preside
preside	negative	preside
preside	positive	preside
preside	sadness	preside
preside	surprise	preside
preside	trust	preside
cup	anger	taza
cup	anticipation	de taza
cup	disgust	de taza
cup	fear	de taza
cup	joy	taza
cup	negative	de taza
cup	positive	de taza
cup	sadness	de taza
cup	surprise	taza
cup	trust	de taza que
horrifying	anger	horroriza
horrifying	anticipation	horroroso
horrifying	disgust	horroroso
horrifying	fear	horroroso
horrifying	joy	horroroso
horrifying	negative	horroroso
horrifying	positive	horroroso
horrifying	sadness	horroroso
horrifying	surprise	horroroso
horrifying	trust	horroroso
oval	anger	ovalado
oval	anticipation	ovalado
oval	disgust	ovalado
oval	fear	ovalado
oval	joy	ovalado
oval	negative	ovalado
oval	positive	ovalado
oval	sadness	inmortalidad
oval	surprise	de inmortalidad
oval	trust	ovalada
immortality	anger	ovalada
immortality	anticipation	ovalada
immortality	disgust	inmortalidad
immortality	fear	de inmortalidad
immortality	joy	de inmortalidad
immortality	negative	de inmortalidad
immortality	positive	inmortalidad
immortality	sadness	de inmortalidad
immortality	surprise	de inmortalidad
immortality	trust	de inmortalidad
process	anger	proceso
process	anticipation	de proceso
process	disgust	de proceso
process	fear	de proceso
process	joy	proceso
process	negative	de proceso
process	positive	de proceso
process	sadness	de proceso
process	surprise	calumnia
process	trust	de calumnia
slander	anger	de proceso
slander	anticipation	de proceso
slander	disgust	calumnia
slander	fear	de calumnia
slander	joy	de calumnia
slander	negative	de calumnia
slander	positive	calumnia
slander	sadness	de calumnia
slander	surprise	de calumnia
slander	trust	de calumnia
rapture	anger	rapture
rapture	anticipation	rapture
rapture	disgust	rapture
rapture	fear	rapture
rapture	joy	rapture
rapture	negative	rapture
rapture	positive	rapture
rapture	sadness	rapture
rapture	surprise	rapture
rapture	trust	rapture
belief	anger	creencia
belief	anticipation	de creencia
belief	disgust	de creencia
belief	fear	de creencia
belief	joy	creencia
belief	negative	de creencia
belief	positive	de creencia
belief	sadness	de creencia
belief	surprise	creencia
belief	trust	de creencia
enema	anger	enema
enema	anticipation	enema
enema	disgust	enema
enema	fear	enema
enema	joy	enema
enema	negative	enema
enema	positive	enema
enema	sadness	enema
enema	surprise	enema
enema	trust	enema
explanatory	anger	explicativo
explanatory	anticipation	explicativo
explanatory	disgust	explicativo
explanatory	fear	explicativo
explanatory	joy	explicativo
explanatory	negative	explicativo
explanatory	positive	explicativo
explanatory	sadness	explicativo
explanatory	surprise	explicativo
explanatory	trust	explicativo
verbiage	anger	verbiage
verbiage	anticipation	verbiage
verbiage	disgust	verbiage
verbiage	fear	verbiage
verbiage	joy	verbiage
verbiage	negative	verbiage
verbiage	positive	verbiage
verbiage	sadness	verbiage
verbiage	surprise	verbiage
verbiage	trust	verbiage
dictatorial	anger	dictatorial
dictatorial	anticipation	dictatorial
dictatorial	disgust	dictatorial
dictatorial	fear	dictatorial
dictatorial	joy	dictatorial
dictatorial	negative	dictatorial
dictatorial	positive	dictatorial
dictatorial	sadness	dictatorial
dictatorial	surprise	dictatorial
dictatorial	trust	dictatorial
tong	anger	tong
tong	anticipation	tong
tong	disgust	tong
tong	fear	tong
tong	joy	tong
tong	negative	tong
tong	positive	tong
tong	sadness	tong
tong	surprise	tong
tong	trust	tong
young	anger	joven
young	anticipation	joven
young	disgust	joven
young	fear	joven
young	joy	joven
young	negative	joven
young	positive	joven
young	sadness	joven
young	surprise	joven
young	trust	joven
thankful	anger	thankful
thankful	anticipation	thankful
thankful	disgust	thankful
thankful	fear	thankful
thankful	joy	thankful
thankful	negative	thankful
thankful	positive	thankful
thankful	sadness	thankful
thankful	surprise	thankful
thankful	trust	thankful
witchcraft	anger	brujería
witchcraft	anticipation	de brujería
witchcraft	disgust	de brujería
witchcraft	fear	de brujería
witchcraft	joy	brujería
witchcraft	negative	de brujería
witchcraft	positive	de brujería
witchcraft	sadness	de brujería
witchcraft	surprise	heraldo
witchcraft	trust	de heraldo
herald	anger	de brujería
herald	anticipation	de brujería
herald	disgust	heraldo
herald	fear	de heraldo
herald	joy	de heraldo
herald	negative	de heraldo
herald	positive	heraldo
herald	sadness	de heraldo
herald	surprise	de heraldo
herald	trust	de heraldo
spiral	anger	spiral
spiral	anticipation	spiral
spiral	disgust	spiral
spiral	fear	spiral
spiral	joy	spiral
spiral	negative	spiral
spiral	positive	spiral
spiral	sadness	spiral
spiral	surprise	spiral
spiral	trust	spiral
spiked	anger	spiked
spiked	anticipation	spiked
spiked	disgust	spiked
spiked	fear	spiked
spiked	joy	spiked
spiked	negative	spiked
spiked	positive	spiked
spiked	sadness	spiked
spiked	surprise	spiked
spiked	trust	spiked
laugh	anger	risa
laugh	anticipation	de risa
laugh	disgust	de risa
laugh	fear	de risa
laugh	joy	risa
laugh	negative	de risa
laugh	positive	de risa
laugh	sadness	de risa
laugh	surprise	risa
laugh	trust	de risa
playful	anger	playful
playful	anticipation	playful
playful	disgust	playful
playful	fear	playful
playful	joy	playful
playful	negative	playful
playful	positive	playful
playful	sadness	playful
playful	surprise	playful
playful	trust	playful
gel	anger	gel
gel	anticipation	gel
gel	disgust	gel
gel	fear	gel
gel	joy	gel
gel	negative	gel
gel	positive	gel
gel	sadness	gel
gel	surprise	gel
gel	trust	gel
rowdy	anger	rowdy
rowdy	anticipation	rowdy
rowdy	disgust	rowdy
rowdy	fear	rowdy
rowdy	joy	rowdy
rowdy	negative	rowdy
rowdy	positive	rowdy
rowdy	sadness	rowdy
rowdy	surprise	rowdy
rowdy	trust	rowdy
aggravation	anger	agravamiento
aggravation	anticipation	de agravamiento
aggravation	disgust	de agravamiento
aggravation	fear	de agravamiento
aggravation	joy	agravamiento
aggravation	negative	de agravamiento
aggravation	positive	de agravamiento
aggravation	sadness	de agravamiento
aggravation	surprise	agravamiento
aggravation	trust	de agravamiento que
working	anger	trabaja
working	anticipation	laborable
working	disgust	laborable
working	fear	laborable
working	joy	laborable
working	negative	laborable
working	positive	laborable
working	sadness	cúspide
working	surprise	de cúspide
working	trust	laborable
cusp	anger	laborable
cusp	anticipation	laborable
cusp	disgust	cúspide
cusp	fear	de cúspide
cusp	joy	de cúspide
cusp	negative	de cúspide
cusp	positive	cúspide
cusp	sadness	de cúspide
cusp	surprise	de cúspide
cusp	trust	de cúspide
bump	anger	golpe
bump	anticipation	de golpe
bump	disgust	de golpe
bump	fear	de golpe
bump	joy	golpe
bump	negative	de golpe
bump	positive	de golpe
bump	sadness	de golpe
bump	surprise	acusación
bump	trust	de acusación
indictment	anger	de golpe
indictment	anticipation	de golpe
indictment	disgust	acusación
indictment	fear	de acusación
indictment	joy	de acusación
indictment	negative	de acusación
indictment	positive	acusación
indictment	sadness	de acusación
indictment	surprise	de acusación
indictment	trust	de acusación que
knowing	anger	sabe
knowing	anticipation	sabiendo
knowing	disgust	sabiendo
knowing	fear	sabiendo
knowing	joy	sabiendo
knowing	negative	sabiendo
knowing	positive	sabiendo
knowing	sadness	sabiendo
knowing	surprise	sabiendo
knowing	trust	sabiendo
sceptical	anger	sceptical
sceptical	anticipation	sceptical
sceptical	disgust	sceptical
sceptical	fear	sceptical
sceptical	joy	sceptical
sceptical	negative	sceptical
sceptical	positive	sceptical
sceptical	sadness	sceptical
sceptical	surprise	sceptical
sceptical	trust	sceptical
amplification	anger	amplificación
amplification	anticipation	de amplificación
amplification	disgust	de amplificación
amplification	fear	de amplificación
amplification	joy	amplificación
amplification	negative	de amplificación
amplification	positive	de amplificación
amplification	sadness	de amplificación
amplification	surprise	esponja
amplification	trust	de esponja
sponge	anger	de amplificación
sponge	anticipation	de amplificación
sponge	disgust	esponja
sponge	fear	de esponja
sponge	joy	de esponja
sponge	negative	de esponja
sponge	positive	esponja
sponge	sadness	de esponja
sponge	surprise	de esponja
sponge	trust	de esponja
microbiology	anger	microbiología
microbiology	anticipation	de microbiología
microbiology	disgust	de microbiología
microbiology	fear	de microbiología
microbiology	joy	microbiología
microbiology	negative	de microbiología
microbiology	positive	de microbiología
microbiology	sadness	de microbiología
microbiology	surprise	metabolismo
microbiology	trust	de metabolismo
metabolism	anger	de microbiología
metabolism	anticipation	de microbiología
metabolism	disgust	metabolismo
metabolism	fear	de metabolismo
metabolism	joy	de metabolismo
metabolism	negative	de metabolismo
metabolism	positive	metabolismo
metabolism	sadness	de metabolismo
metabolism	surprise	de metabolismo
metabolism	trust	de metabolismo
chancellor	anger	canciller
chancellor	anticipation	de canciller
chancellor	disgust	de canciller
chancellor	fear	de canciller
chancellor	joy	canciller
chancellor	negative	de canciller
chancellor	positive	de canciller
chancellor	sadness	de canciller
chancellor	surprise	canciller
chancellor	trust	de canciller
inhibit	anger	inhibe
inhibit	anticipation	inhibir
inhibit	disgust	inhibir
inhibit	fear	inhibir
inhibit	joy	inhibir
inhibit	negative	inhibir
inhibit	positive	inhibir
inhibit	sadness	inhibir
inhibit	surprise	inhibir
inhibit	trust	inhibir
tale	anger	cuento
tale	anticipation	de cuento
tale	disgust	de cuento
tale	fear	de cuento
tale	joy	cuento
tale	negative	de cuento
tale	positive	de cuento
tale	sadness	de cuento
tale	surprise	cuento
tale	trust	de cuento
curtail	anger	disminuye
curtail	anticipation	disminuir
curtail	disgust	disminuir
curtail	fear	disminuir
curtail	joy	disminuir
curtail	negative	disminuir
curtail	positive	disminuir
curtail	sadness	disminuir
curtail	surprise	disminuir
curtail	trust	disminuir
cleaning	anger	limpiando
cleaning	anticipation	limpieza
cleaning	disgust	de limpieza
cleaning	fear	de limpieza
cleaning	joy	de limpieza
cleaning	negative	limpieza
cleaning	positive	de limpieza
cleaning	sadness	de limpieza
cleaning	surprise	de limpieza
cleaning	trust	margen
margin	anger	de margen
margin	anticipation	de margen
margin	disgust	de limpieza
margin	fear	margen
margin	joy	de margen
margin	negative	de margen
margin	positive	de margen
margin	sadness	margen
margin	surprise	de margen
margin	trust	del margen
sickly	anger	sickly
sickly	anticipation	sickly
sickly	disgust	sickly
sickly	fear	sickly
sickly	joy	sickly
sickly	negative	sickly
sickly	positive	sickly
sickly	sadness	sickly
sickly	surprise	sickly
sickly	trust	sickly
discolored	anger	discolored
discolored	anticipation	discolored
discolored	disgust	discolored
discolored	fear	discolored
discolored	joy	discolored
discolored	negative	discolored
discolored	positive	discolored
discolored	sadness	discolored
discolored	surprise	discolored
discolored	trust	discolored
difficult	anger	difícil
difficult	anticipation	difícil
difficult	disgust	difícil
difficult	fear	difícil
difficult	joy	difícil
difficult	negative	difícil
difficult	positive	difícil
difficult	sadness	policía
difficult	surprise	de policía
difficult	trust	difícil
policeman	anger	difícil
policeman	anticipation	difícil
policeman	disgust	policía
policeman	fear	de policía
policeman	joy	de policía
policeman	negative	de policía
policeman	positive	policía
policeman	sadness	de policía
policeman	surprise	de policía
policeman	trust	de policía que
distinguishing	anger	distingue
distinguishing	anticipation	distinguiendo
distinguishing	disgust	distinguiendo
distinguishing	fear	distinguiendo
distinguishing	joy	distinguiendo
distinguishing	negative	distinguiendo
distinguishing	positive	distinguiendo
distinguishing	sadness	distinguiendo
distinguishing	surprise	distinguiendo
distinguishing	trust	distinguiendo
melody	anger	melodía
melody	anticipation	de melodía
melody	disgust	de melodía
melody	fear	de melodía
melody	joy	melodía
melody	negative	de melodía
melody	positive	de melodía
melody	sadness	de melodía
melody	surprise	melodía
melody	trust	de melodía
midsummer	anger	midsummer
midsummer	anticipation	midsummer
midsummer	disgust	midsummer
midsummer	fear	midsummer
midsummer	joy	midsummer
midsummer	negative	midsummer
midsummer	positive	midsummer
midsummer	sadness	midsummer
midsummer	surprise	midsummer
midsummer	trust	midsummer
womanly	anger	womanly
womanly	anticipation	womanly
womanly	disgust	womanly
womanly	fear	womanly
womanly	joy	womanly
womanly	negative	womanly
womanly	positive	womanly
womanly	sadness	womanly
womanly	surprise	womanly
womanly	trust	womanly
nutmeg	anger	nutmeg
nutmeg	anticipation	nutmeg
nutmeg	disgust	nutmeg
nutmeg	fear	nutmeg
nutmeg	joy	nutmeg
nutmeg	negative	nutmeg
nutmeg	positive	nutmeg
nutmeg	sadness	nutmeg
nutmeg	surprise	nutmeg
nutmeg	trust	nutmeg
print	anger	impresión
print	anticipation	de impresión
print	disgust	de impresión
print	fear	de impresión
print	joy	impresión
print	negative	de impresión
print	positive	de impresión
print	sadness	de impresión
print	surprise	impresión
print	trust	de impresión que
trapping	anger	atrapa
trapping	anticipation	atrapando
trapping	disgust	atrapando
trapping	fear	atrapando
trapping	joy	atrapando
trapping	negative	atrapando
trapping	positive	atrapando
trapping	sadness	atrapando
trapping	surprise	atrapando
trapping	trust	atrapando
program	anger	programa
program	anticipation	de programa
program	disgust	de programa
program	fear	de programa
program	joy	programa
program	negative	de programa
program	positive	de programa
program	sadness	de programa
program	surprise	programa
program	trust	de programa
breadth	anger	breadth
breadth	anticipation	breadth
breadth	disgust	breadth
breadth	fear	breadth
breadth	joy	breadth
breadth	negative	breadth
breadth	positive	breadth
breadth	sadness	breadth
breadth	surprise	breadth
breadth	trust	breadth
recollect	anger	recollect
recollect	anticipation	recollect
recollect	disgust	recollect
recollect	fear	recollect
recollect	joy	recollect
recollect	negative	recollect
recollect	positive	recollect
recollect	sadness	recollect
recollect	surprise	recollect
recollect	trust	recollect
legalized	anger	legalizó
legalized	anticipation	legalizado
legalized	disgust	legalizó
legalized	fear	legalizado
legalized	joy	legalizó
legalized	negative	legalizado
legalized	positive	legalizó
legalized	sadness	legalizado
legalized	surprise	legalizó
legalized	trust	legalizado
seduce	anger	seducir
seduce	anticipation	seducir
seduce	disgust	seducir
seduce	fear	seducir
seduce	joy	seducir
seduce	negative	seducir
seduce	positive	seducir
seduce	sadness	seducir
seduce	surprise	seducir
seduce	trust	seducir
hazardous	anger	peligroso
hazardous	anticipation	peligroso
hazardous	disgust	peligroso
hazardous	fear	peligroso
hazardous	joy	peligroso
hazardous	negative	peligroso
hazardous	positive	peligroso
hazardous	sadness	peligroso
hazardous	surprise	peligroso
hazardous	trust	peligroso
squire	anger	squire
squire	anticipation	squire
squire	disgust	squire
squire	fear	squire
squire	joy	squire
squire	negative	squire
squire	positive	squire
squire	sadness	squire
squire	surprise	squire
squire	trust	squire
calculus	anger	cálculo
calculus	anticipation	de cálculo
calculus	disgust	de cálculo
calculus	fear	de cálculo
calculus	joy	cálculo
calculus	negative	de cálculo
calculus	positive	de cálculo
calculus	sadness	de cálculo
calculus	surprise	cálculo
calculus	trust	de cálculo
abatement	anger	abatement
abatement	anticipation	abatement
abatement	disgust	abatement
abatement	fear	abatement
abatement	joy	abatement
abatement	negative	abatement
abatement	positive	abatement
abatement	sadness	abatement
abatement	surprise	abatement
abatement	trust	abatement
code	anger	código
code	anticipation	de código
code	disgust	de código
code	fear	de código
code	joy	código
code	negative	de código
code	positive	de código
code	sadness	de código
code	surprise	código
code	trust	de código que
filing	anger	archiva
filing	anticipation	archivando
filing	disgust	archivando
filing	fear	archivando
filing	joy	archivando
filing	negative	archivando
filing	positive	archivando
filing	sadness	archivando
filing	surprise	archivando
filing	trust	archivando
telephone	anger	telefónico
telephone	anticipation	telefónico
telephone	disgust	telefónico
telephone	fear	telefónico
telephone	joy	telefónico
telephone	negative	telefónico
telephone	positive	telefónico
telephone	sadness	sustancia
telephone	surprise	de sustancia
telephone	trust	telefónica
substance	anger	telefónica
substance	anticipation	telefónica
substance	disgust	sustancia
substance	fear	de sustancia
substance	joy	de sustancia
substance	negative	de sustancia
substance	positive	sustancia
substance	sadness	de sustancia
substance	surprise	de sustancia
substance	trust	de sustancia
period	anger	periodo
period	anticipation	de periodo
period	disgust	de periodo
period	fear	de periodo
period	joy	periodo
period	negative	de periodo
period	positive	de periodo
period	sadness	de periodo
period	surprise	pluma
period	trust	de pluma
feather	anger	de periodo
feather	anticipation	de periodo
feather	disgust	pluma
feather	fear	de pluma
feather	joy	de pluma
feather	negative	de pluma
feather	positive	pluma
feather	sadness	de pluma
feather	surprise	de pluma
feather	trust	de pluma
undiscovered	anger	undiscovered
undiscovered	anticipation	undiscovered
undiscovered	disgust	undiscovered
undiscovered	fear	undiscovered
undiscovered	joy	undiscovered
undiscovered	negative	undiscovered
undiscovered	positive	undiscovered
undiscovered	sadness	undiscovered
undiscovered	surprise	undiscovered
undiscovered	trust	undiscovered
coop	anger	gallinero
coop	anticipation	de gallinero
coop	disgust	de gallinero
coop	fear	de gallinero
coop	joy	gallinero
coop	negative	de gallinero
coop	positive	de gallinero
coop	sadness	de gallinero
coop	surprise	farmacia
coop	trust	de farmacia
drugstore	anger	de gallinero
drugstore	anticipation	de gallinero
drugstore	disgust	farmacia
drugstore	fear	de farmacia
drugstore	joy	de farmacia
drugstore	negative	de farmacia
drugstore	positive	farmacia
drugstore	sadness	de farmacia
drugstore	surprise	de farmacia
drugstore	trust	de farmacia
claim	anger	reclamación
claim	anticipation	de reclamación
claim	disgust	de reclamación
claim	fear	de reclamación
claim	joy	reclamación
claim	negative	de reclamación
claim	positive	de reclamación
claim	sadness	de reclamación
claim	surprise	reclamación
claim	trust	de reclamación
concord	anger	concord
concord	anticipation	concord
concord	disgust	concord
concord	fear	concord
concord	joy	concord
concord	negative	concord
concord	positive	concord
concord	sadness	concord
concord	surprise	concord
concord	trust	concord
pineapple	anger	piña
pineapple	anticipation	de piña
pineapple	disgust	de piña
pineapple	fear	de piña
pineapple	joy	piña
pineapple	negative	de piña
pineapple	positive	de piña
pineapple	sadness	de piña
pineapple	surprise	piña
pineapple	trust	de piña
spectacular	anger	espectacular
spectacular	anticipation	espectacular
spectacular	disgust	espectacular
spectacular	fear	espectacular
spectacular	joy	espectacular
spectacular	negative	espectacular
spectacular	positive	espectacular
spectacular	sadness	espectacular
spectacular	surprise	espectacular
spectacular	trust	espectacular
crawfish	anger	crawfish
crawfish	anticipation	crawfish
crawfish	disgust	crawfish
crawfish	fear	crawfish
crawfish	joy	crawfish
crawfish	negative	crawfish
crawfish	positive	crawfish
crawfish	sadness	crawfish
crawfish	surprise	crawfish
crawfish	trust	crawfish
vacancy	anger	vacante
vacancy	anticipation	de vacante
vacancy	disgust	de vacante
vacancy	fear	de vacante
vacancy	joy	vacante
vacancy	negative	de vacante
vacancy	positive	de vacante
vacancy	sadness	de vacante
vacancy	surprise	vacante
vacancy	trust	de vacante
inaccessible	anger	inaccesible
inaccessible	anticipation	inaccesible
inaccessible	disgust	inaccesible
inaccessible	fear	inaccesible
inaccessible	joy	inaccesible
inaccessible	negative	inaccesible
inaccessible	positive	inaccesible
inaccessible	sadness	inaccesible
inaccessible	surprise	inaccesible
inaccessible	trust	inaccesible
lunge	anger	lunge
lunge	anticipation	lunge
lunge	disgust	lunge
lunge	fear	lunge
lunge	joy	lunge
lunge	negative	lunge
lunge	positive	lunge
lunge	sadness	lunge
lunge	surprise	lunge
lunge	trust	lunge
bore	anger	aguantó
bore	anticipation	aguantó
bore	disgust	aguantó
bore	fear	aguantó
bore	joy	aguantó
bore	negative	aguantó
bore	positive	aguantó
bore	sadness	aguantó
bore	surprise	aguantó
bore	trust	aguantó
villainous	anger	villainous
villainous	anticipation	villainous
villainous	disgust	villainous
villainous	fear	villainous
villainous	joy	villainous
villainous	negative	villainous
villainous	positive	villainous
villainous	sadness	villainous
villainous	surprise	villainous
villainous	trust	villainous
rectification	anger	rectificación
rectification	anticipation	de rectificación
rectification	disgust	de rectificación
rectification	fear	de rectificación
rectification	joy	rectificación
rectification	negative	de rectificación
rectification	positive	de rectificación
rectification	sadness	de rectificación
rectification	surprise	dispersión
rectification	trust	de dispersión
dispersion	anger	de rectificación
dispersion	anticipation	de rectificación
dispersion	disgust	dispersión
dispersion	fear	de dispersión
dispersion	joy	de dispersión
dispersion	negative	de dispersión
dispersion	positive	dispersión
dispersion	sadness	de dispersión
dispersion	surprise	de dispersión
dispersion	trust	de dispersión
baptism	anger	bautismo
baptism	anticipation	de bautismo
baptism	disgust	de bautismo
baptism	fear	de bautismo
baptism	joy	bautismo
baptism	negative	de bautismo
baptism	positive	de bautismo
baptism	sadness	de bautismo
baptism	surprise	bautismo
baptism	trust	de bautismo
instructive	anger	instructive
instructive	anticipation	instructive
instructive	disgust	instructive
instructive	fear	instructive
instructive	joy	instructive
instructive	negative	instructive
instructive	positive	instructive
instructive	sadness	instructive
instructive	surprise	instructive
instructive	trust	instructive
sluice	anger	sluice
sluice	anticipation	sluice
sluice	disgust	sluice
sluice	fear	sluice
sluice	joy	sluice
sluice	negative	sluice
sluice	positive	sluice
sluice	sadness	sluice
sluice	surprise	sluice
sluice	trust	sluice
apologize	anger	disculparse
apologize	anticipation	disculparse
apologize	disgust	disculparse
apologize	fear	disculparse
apologize	joy	disculparse
apologize	negative	disculparse
apologize	positive	disculparse
apologize	sadness	disculparse
apologize	surprise	disculparse
apologize	trust	disculparse
cameraman	anger	cameraman
cameraman	anticipation	cameraman
cameraman	disgust	cameraman
cameraman	fear	cameraman
cameraman	joy	cameraman
cameraman	negative	cameraman
cameraman	positive	cameraman
cameraman	sadness	cameraman
cameraman	surprise	cameraman
cameraman	trust	cameraman
atomic	anger	atómico
atomic	anticipation	atómico
atomic	disgust	atómico
atomic	fear	atómico
atomic	joy	atómico
atomic	negative	atómico
atomic	positive	atómico
atomic	sadness	atómico
atomic	surprise	atómico
atomic	trust	atómico
anomalous	anger	anómalo
anomalous	anticipation	anómalo
anomalous	disgust	anómalo
anomalous	fear	anómalo
anomalous	joy	anómalo
anomalous	negative	anómalo
anomalous	positive	anómalo
anomalous	sadness	anómalo
anomalous	surprise	anómalo
anomalous	trust	anómalo
slab	anger	slab
slab	anticipation	slab
slab	disgust	slab
slab	fear	slab
slab	joy	slab
slab	negative	slab
slab	positive	slab
slab	sadness	slab
slab	surprise	slab
slab	trust	slab
diminutive	anger	diminutive
diminutive	anticipation	diminutive
diminutive	disgust	diminutive
diminutive	fear	diminutive
diminutive	joy	diminutive
diminutive	negative	diminutive
diminutive	positive	diminutive
diminutive	sadness	diminutive
diminutive	surprise	diminutive
diminutive	trust	diminutive
torsion	anger	torsión
torsion	anticipation	de torsión
torsion	disgust	de torsión
torsion	fear	de torsión
torsion	joy	torsión
torsion	negative	de torsión
torsion	positive	de torsión
torsion	sadness	de torsión
torsion	surprise	babero
torsion	trust	de babero
bib	anger	de torsión
bib	anticipation	de torsión
bib	disgust	babero
bib	fear	de babero
bib	joy	de babero
bib	negative	de babero
bib	positive	babero
bib	sadness	de babero
bib	surprise	de babero
bib	trust	de babero
exotic	anger	exótico
exotic	anticipation	exótico
exotic	disgust	exótico
exotic	fear	exótico
exotic	joy	exótico
exotic	negative	exótico
exotic	positive	exótico
exotic	sadness	exótico
exotic	surprise	exótico
exotic	trust	exótico
bizarre	anger	extraño
bizarre	anticipation	extraño
bizarre	disgust	extraño
bizarre	fear	extraño
bizarre	joy	extraño
bizarre	negative	extraño
bizarre	positive	extraño
bizarre	sadness	humanidad
bizarre	surprise	de humanidad
bizarre	trust	extraña
humanity	anger	extraña
humanity	anticipation	extraña
humanity	disgust	humanidad
humanity	fear	de humanidad
humanity	joy	de humanidad
humanity	negative	de humanidad
humanity	positive	humanidad
humanity	sadness	de humanidad
humanity	surprise	de humanidad
humanity	trust	de humanidad
unaided	anger	unaided
unaided	anticipation	unaided
unaided	disgust	unaided
unaided	fear	unaided
unaided	joy	unaided
unaided	negative	unaided
unaided	positive	unaided
unaided	sadness	unaided
unaided	surprise	unaided
unaided	trust	unaided
jeep	anger	jeep
jeep	anticipation	de jeep
jeep	disgust	de jeep
jeep	fear	de jeep
jeep	joy	jeep
jeep	negative	de jeep
jeep	positive	de jeep
jeep	sadness	de jeep
jeep	surprise	jeep
jeep	trust	de jeep
motley	anger	motley
motley	anticipation	motley
motley	disgust	motley
motley	fear	motley
motley	joy	motley
motley	negative	motley
motley	positive	motley
motley	sadness	motley
motley	surprise	motley
motley	trust	motley
degradation	anger	degradación
degradation	anticipation	de degradación
degradation	disgust	de degradación
degradation	fear	de degradación
degradation	joy	degradación
degradation	negative	de degradación
degradation	positive	de degradación
degradation	sadness	de degradación
degradation	surprise	degradación
degradation	trust	de degradación
humbly	anger	humildemente
humbly	anticipation	humildemente
humbly	disgust	humildemente
humbly	fear	humildemente
humbly	joy	humildemente
humbly	negative	humildemente
humbly	positive	humildemente
humbly	sadness	humildemente
humbly	surprise	humildemente
humbly	trust	humildemente
hilly	anger	hilly
hilly	anticipation	hilly
hilly	disgust	hilly
hilly	fear	hilly
hilly	joy	hilly
hilly	negative	hilly
hilly	positive	hilly
hilly	sadness	hilly
hilly	surprise	hilly
hilly	trust	hilly
swiftly	anger	rápidamente
swiftly	anticipation	rápidamente
swiftly	disgust	rápidamente
swiftly	fear	rápidamente
swiftly	joy	rápidamente
swiftly	negative	rápidamente
swiftly	positive	rápidamente
swiftly	sadness	rápidamente
swiftly	surprise	rápidamente
swiftly	trust	rápidamente
sanctity	anger	sanctity
sanctity	anticipation	sanctity
sanctity	disgust	sanctity
sanctity	fear	sanctity
sanctity	joy	sanctity
sanctity	negative	sanctity
sanctity	positive	sanctity
sanctity	sadness	sanctity
sanctity	surprise	sanctity
sanctity	trust	sanctity
aunt	anger	tía
aunt	anticipation	de tía
aunt	disgust	de tía
aunt	fear	de tía
aunt	joy	tía
aunt	negative	de tía
aunt	positive	de tía
aunt	sadness	de tía
aunt	surprise	tía
aunt	trust	de tía
apologetic	anger	apologética
apologetic	anticipation	apologético
apologetic	disgust	apologético
apologetic	fear	apologético
apologetic	joy	apologético
apologetic	negative	apologético
apologetic	positive	apologético
apologetic	sadness	egoísmo
apologetic	surprise	de egoísmo
apologetic	trust	apologético
selfishness	anger	apologético
selfishness	anticipation	apologético
selfishness	disgust	egoísmo
selfishness	fear	de egoísmo
selfishness	joy	de egoísmo
selfishness	negative	de egoísmo
selfishness	positive	egoísmo
selfishness	sadness	de egoísmo
selfishness	surprise	de egoísmo
selfishness	trust	de egoísmo
workbook	anger	workbook
workbook	anticipation	workbook
workbook	disgust	workbook
workbook	fear	workbook
workbook	joy	workbook
workbook	negative	workbook
workbook	positive	workbook
workbook	sadness	workbook
workbook	surprise	workbook
workbook	trust	workbook
primer	anger	primer
primer	anticipation	primer
primer	disgust	primer
primer	fear	primer
primer	joy	primer
primer	negative	primer
primer	positive	primer
primer	sadness	primer
primer	surprise	primer
primer	trust	primer
eventful	anger	eventful
eventful	anticipation	eventful
eventful	disgust	eventful
eventful	fear	eventful
eventful	joy	eventful
eventful	negative	eventful
eventful	positive	eventful
eventful	sadness	eventful
eventful	surprise	eventful
eventful	trust	eventful
papyrus	anger	papiro
papyrus	anticipation	de papiro
papyrus	disgust	de papiro
papyrus	fear	de papiro
papyrus	joy	papiro
papyrus	negative	de papiro
papyrus	positive	de papiro
papyrus	sadness	de papiro
papyrus	surprise	papiro
papyrus	trust	de papiro
red	anger	rojo
red	anticipation	rojo
red	disgust	rojo
red	fear	rojo
red	joy	rojo
red	negative	rojo
red	positive	rojo
red	sadness	paradero
red	surprise	de paradero
red	trust	rojo
whereabouts	anger	rojo
whereabouts	anticipation	rojo
whereabouts	disgust	paradero
whereabouts	fear	de paradero
whereabouts	joy	de paradero
whereabouts	negative	de paradero
whereabouts	positive	paradero
whereabouts	sadness	de paradero
whereabouts	surprise	de paradero
whereabouts	trust	de paradero
spellbound	anger	spellbound
spellbound	anticipation	spellbound
spellbound	disgust	spellbound
spellbound	fear	spellbound
spellbound	joy	spellbound
spellbound	negative	spellbound
spellbound	positive	spellbound
spellbound	sadness	spellbound
spellbound	surprise	spellbound
spellbound	trust	spellbound
alimony	anger	alimony
alimony	anticipation	alimony
alimony	disgust	alimony
alimony	fear	alimony
alimony	joy	alimony
alimony	negative	alimony
alimony	positive	alimony
alimony	sadness	alimony
alimony	surprise	alimony
alimony	trust	alimony
infrequent	anger	infrecuente
infrequent	anticipation	infrecuente
infrequent	disgust	infrecuente
infrequent	fear	infrecuente
infrequent	joy	infrecuente
infrequent	negative	infrecuente
infrequent	positive	infrecuente
infrequent	sadness	sequía
infrequent	surprise	de sequía
infrequent	trust	infrecuente
drought	anger	infrecuente
drought	anticipation	infrecuente
drought	disgust	sequía
drought	fear	de sequía
drought	joy	de sequía
drought	negative	de sequía
drought	positive	sequía
drought	sadness	de sequía
drought	surprise	de sequía
drought	trust	de sequía
uplands	anger	uplands
uplands	anticipation	uplands
uplands	disgust	uplands
uplands	fear	uplands
uplands	joy	uplands
uplands	negative	uplands
uplands	positive	uplands
uplands	sadness	uplands
uplands	surprise	uplands
uplands	trust	uplands
relate	anger	relacionar
relate	anticipation	relacionar
relate	disgust	relacionar
relate	fear	relacionar
relate	joy	relacionar
relate	negative	relacionar
relate	positive	relacionar
relate	sadness	relacionar
relate	surprise	relacionar
relate	trust	relacionar
bonanza	anger	bonanza
bonanza	anticipation	de bonanza
bonanza	disgust	de bonanza
bonanza	fear	de bonanza
bonanza	joy	bonanza
bonanza	negative	de bonanza
bonanza	positive	de bonanza
bonanza	sadness	de bonanza
bonanza	surprise	abeja
bonanza	trust	de abeja
bee	anger	de bonanza
bee	anticipation	de bonanza
bee	disgust	abeja
bee	fear	de abeja
bee	joy	de abeja
bee	negative	de abeja
bee	positive	abeja
bee	sadness	de abeja
bee	surprise	de abeja
bee	trust	de abeja
iridescent	anger	iridiscente
iridescent	anticipation	iridiscente
iridescent	disgust	iridiscente
iridescent	fear	iridiscente
iridescent	joy	iridiscente
iridescent	negative	iridiscente
iridescent	positive	iridiscente
iridescent	sadness	iridiscente
iridescent	surprise	iridiscente
iridescent	trust	iridiscente
welcomed	anger	dio la bienvenida a
welcomed	anticipation	dado la bienvenida a
welcomed	disgust	dio la bienvenida a
welcomed	fear	dado la bienvenida a
welcomed	joy	dio la bienvenida a
welcomed	negative	dado la bienvenida a
welcomed	positive	dio la bienvenida a
welcomed	sadness	dado la bienvenida a
welcomed	surprise	dio la bienvenida a
welcomed	trust	dado la bienvenida a
predatory	anger	depredador
predatory	anticipation	depredador
predatory	disgust	depredador
predatory	fear	depredador
predatory	joy	depredador
predatory	negative	depredador
predatory	positive	depredador
predatory	sadness	fianza
predatory	surprise	de fianza
predatory	trust	depredadora
bail	anger	depredadora
bail	anticipation	depredadora
bail	disgust	fianza
bail	fear	de fianza
bail	joy	de fianza
bail	negative	de fianza
bail	positive	fianza
bail	sadness	de fianza
bail	surprise	de fianza
bail	trust	de fianza
singularly	anger	singularly
singularly	anticipation	singularly
singularly	disgust	singularly
singularly	fear	singularly
singularly	joy	singularly
singularly	negative	singularly
singularly	positive	singularly
singularly	sadness	singularly
singularly	surprise	singularly
singularly	trust	singularly
straddle	anger	straddle
straddle	anticipation	straddle
straddle	disgust	straddle
straddle	fear	straddle
straddle	joy	straddle
straddle	negative	straddle
straddle	positive	straddle
straddle	sadness	straddle
straddle	surprise	straddle
straddle	trust	straddle
sticking	anger	enganchando
sticking	anticipation	enganchando
sticking	disgust	enganchando
sticking	fear	enganchando
sticking	joy	enganchando
sticking	negative	enganchando
sticking	positive	enganchando
sticking	sadness	enganchando
sticking	surprise	enganchando
sticking	trust	enganchando
perceptive	anger	perceptive
perceptive	anticipation	perceptive
perceptive	disgust	perceptive
perceptive	fear	perceptive
perceptive	joy	perceptive
perceptive	negative	perceptive
perceptive	positive	perceptive
perceptive	sadness	perceptive
perceptive	surprise	perceptive
perceptive	trust	perceptive
habitual	anger	habitual
habitual	anticipation	habitual
habitual	disgust	habitual
habitual	fear	habitual
habitual	joy	habitual
habitual	negative	habitual
habitual	positive	habitual
habitual	sadness	habitual
habitual	surprise	habitual
habitual	trust	habitual
lurking	anger	lurking
lurking	anticipation	lurking
lurking	disgust	lurking
lurking	fear	lurking
lurking	joy	lurking
lurking	negative	lurking
lurking	positive	lurking
lurking	sadness	lurking
lurking	surprise	lurking
lurking	trust	lurking
burnished	anger	bruñió
burnished	anticipation	bruñido
burnished	disgust	bruñió
burnished	fear	bruñido
burnished	joy	bruñió
burnished	negative	bruñido
burnished	positive	bruñió
burnished	sadness	bruñido
burnished	surprise	bruñió
burnished	trust	bruñido
phosphor	anger	phosphor
phosphor	anticipation	phosphor
phosphor	disgust	phosphor
phosphor	fear	phosphor
phosphor	joy	phosphor
phosphor	negative	phosphor
phosphor	positive	phosphor
phosphor	sadness	phosphor
phosphor	surprise	phosphor
phosphor	trust	phosphor
disinterested	anger	disinterested
disinterested	anticipation	disinterested
disinterested	disgust	disinterested
disinterested	fear	disinterested
disinterested	joy	disinterested
disinterested	negative	disinterested
disinterested	positive	disinterested
disinterested	sadness	disinterested
disinterested	surprise	disinterested
disinterested	trust	disinterested
bye	anger	adiós
bye	anticipation	adiós
bye	disgust	adiós
bye	fear	adiós
bye	joy	adiós
bye	negative	adiós
bye	positive	adiós
bye	sadness	adiós
bye	surprise	adiós
bye	trust	adiós
atheism	anger	ateísmo
atheism	anticipation	de ateísmo
atheism	disgust	de ateísmo
atheism	fear	de ateísmo
atheism	joy	ateísmo
atheism	negative	de ateísmo
atheism	positive	de ateísmo
atheism	sadness	de ateísmo
atheism	surprise	ateísmo
atheism	trust	de ateísmo
bequest	anger	bequest
bequest	anticipation	bequest
bequest	disgust	bequest
bequest	fear	bequest
bequest	joy	bequest
bequest	negative	bequest
bequest	positive	bequest
bequest	sadness	bequest
bequest	surprise	bequest
bequest	trust	bequest
salesman	anger	agente vendedor
salesman	anticipation	de agente vendedor
salesman	disgust	de agente vendedor
salesman	fear	de agente vendedor
salesman	joy	agente vendedor
salesman	negative	de agente vendedor
salesman	positive	de agente vendedor
salesman	sadness	de agente vendedor
salesman	surprise	agente vendedor
salesman	trust	de agente vendedor que
thundering	anger	trona
thundering	anticipation	tronando
thundering	disgust	tronando
thundering	fear	tronando
thundering	joy	tronando
thundering	negative	tronando
thundering	positive	tronando
thundering	sadness	tronando
thundering	surprise	tronando
thundering	trust	tronando
termination	anger	termination
termination	anticipation	termination
termination	disgust	termination
termination	fear	termination
termination	joy	termination
termination	negative	termination
termination	positive	termination
termination	sadness	termination
termination	surprise	termination
termination	trust	termination
cloister	anger	cloister
cloister	anticipation	cloister
cloister	disgust	cloister
cloister	fear	cloister
cloister	joy	cloister
cloister	negative	cloister
cloister	positive	cloister
cloister	sadness	cloister
cloister	surprise	cloister
cloister	trust	cloister
inertia	anger	inercia
inertia	anticipation	de inercia
inertia	disgust	de inercia
inertia	fear	de inercia
inertia	joy	inercia
inertia	negative	de inercia
inertia	positive	de inercia
inertia	sadness	de inercia
inertia	surprise	inercia
inertia	trust	de inercia
potent	anger	potent
potent	anticipation	potent
potent	disgust	potent
potent	fear	potent
potent	joy	potent
potent	negative	potent
potent	positive	potent
potent	sadness	potent
potent	surprise	potent
potent	trust	potent
physician	anger	physician
physician	anticipation	physician
physician	disgust	physician
physician	fear	physician
physician	joy	physician
physician	negative	physician
physician	positive	physician
physician	sadness	physician
physician	surprise	physician
physician	trust	physician
honorable	anger	honorable
honorable	anticipation	honorable
honorable	disgust	honorable
honorable	fear	honorable
honorable	joy	honorable
honorable	negative	honorable
honorable	positive	honorable
honorable	sadness	honorable
honorable	surprise	honorable
honorable	trust	honorable
levee	anger	levee
levee	anticipation	levee
levee	disgust	levee
levee	fear	levee
levee	joy	levee
levee	negative	levee
levee	positive	levee
levee	sadness	levee
levee	surprise	levee
levee	trust	levee
sue	anger	demandar
sue	anticipation	demandar
sue	disgust	demandar
sue	fear	demandar
sue	joy	demandar
sue	negative	demandar
sue	positive	demandar
sue	sadness	demandar
sue	surprise	demandar
sue	trust	demandar
don	anger	don
don	anticipation	don
don	disgust	don
don	fear	don
don	joy	don
don	negative	don
don	positive	don
don	sadness	don
don	surprise	don
don	trust	don
provisions	anger	provisiones
provisions	anticipation	de provisiones
provisions	disgust	de provisiones
provisions	fear	de provisiones
provisions	joy	provisiones
provisions	negative	de provisiones
provisions	positive	de provisiones
provisions	sadness	de provisiones
provisions	surprise	provisiones
provisions	trust	de provisiones
car	anger	automovilísticas
car	anticipation	automovilísticos
car	disgust	automovilísticos
car	fear	automovilísticos
car	joy	automovilísticos
car	negative	automovilísticos
car	positive	automovilísticos
car	sadness	automovilísticos
car	surprise	automovilísticos
car	trust	automovilísticos
checkered	anger	checkered
checkered	anticipation	checkered
checkered	disgust	checkered
checkered	fear	checkered
checkered	joy	checkered
checkered	negative	checkered
checkered	positive	checkered
checkered	sadness	checkered
checkered	surprise	checkered
checkered	trust	checkered
heredity	anger	herencia
heredity	anticipation	de herencia
heredity	disgust	de herencia
heredity	fear	de herencia
heredity	joy	herencia
heredity	negative	de herencia
heredity	positive	de herencia
heredity	sadness	de herencia
heredity	surprise	herencia
heredity	trust	de herencia
rugged	anger	abrupta
rugged	anticipation	abrupto
rugged	disgust	abrupto
rugged	fear	abrupto
rugged	joy	abrupto
rugged	negative	abrupto
rugged	positive	abrupto
rugged	sadness	malignidad
rugged	surprise	de malignidad
rugged	trust	abrupta
malignancy	anger	abrupta
malignancy	anticipation	abrupta
malignancy	disgust	malignidad
malignancy	fear	de malignidad
malignancy	joy	de malignidad
malignancy	negative	de malignidad
malignancy	positive	malignidad
malignancy	sadness	de malignidad
malignancy	surprise	de malignidad
malignancy	trust	de malignidad
superlative	anger	excepcional
superlative	anticipation	excepcional
superlative	disgust	excepcional
superlative	fear	excepcional
superlative	joy	excepcional
superlative	negative	excepcional
superlative	positive	excepcional
superlative	sadness	excepcional
superlative	surprise	excepcional
superlative	trust	excepcional
bothering	anger	molestando
bothering	anticipation	molestando
bothering	disgust	molestando
bothering	fear	molestando
bothering	joy	molestando
bothering	negative	molestando
bothering	positive	molestando
bothering	sadness	molestando
bothering	surprise	molestando
bothering	trust	molestando
bearish	anger	bearish
bearish	anticipation	bearish
bearish	disgust	bearish
bearish	fear	bearish
bearish	joy	bearish
bearish	negative	bearish
bearish	positive	bearish
bearish	sadness	bearish
bearish	surprise	bearish
bearish	trust	bearish
ablaze	anger	ablaze
ablaze	anticipation	ablaze
ablaze	disgust	ablaze
ablaze	fear	ablaze
ablaze	joy	ablaze
ablaze	negative	ablaze
ablaze	positive	ablaze
ablaze	sadness	ablaze
ablaze	surprise	ablaze
ablaze	trust	ablaze
timid	anger	timid
timid	anticipation	timid
timid	disgust	timid
timid	fear	timid
timid	joy	timid
timid	negative	timid
timid	positive	timid
timid	sadness	timid
timid	surprise	timid
timid	trust	timid
portion	anger	porción
portion	anticipation	de porción
portion	disgust	de porción
portion	fear	de porción
portion	joy	porción
portion	negative	de porción
portion	positive	de porción
portion	sadness	de porción
portion	surprise	porción
portion	trust	de porción
conservatory	anger	conservatory
conservatory	anticipation	conservatory
conservatory	disgust	conservatory
conservatory	fear	conservatory
conservatory	joy	conservatory
conservatory	negative	conservatory
conservatory	positive	conservatory
conservatory	sadness	conservatory
conservatory	surprise	conservatory
conservatory	trust	conservatory
restoration	anger	restauración
restoration	anticipation	de restauración
restoration	disgust	de restauración
restoration	fear	de restauración
restoration	joy	restauración
restoration	negative	de restauración
restoration	positive	de restauración
restoration	sadness	de restauración
restoration	surprise	restauración
restoration	trust	de restauración
barb	anger	barb
barb	anticipation	barb
barb	disgust	barb
barb	fear	barb
barb	joy	barb
barb	negative	barb
barb	positive	barb
barb	sadness	barb
barb	surprise	barb
barb	trust	barb
satirical	anger	satírico
satirical	anticipation	satírico
satirical	disgust	satírico
satirical	fear	satírico
satirical	joy	satírico
satirical	negative	satírico
satirical	positive	satírico
satirical	sadness	satírico
satirical	surprise	satírico
satirical	trust	satírico
preceding	anger	precediendo
preceding	anticipation	precediendo
preceding	disgust	precediendo
preceding	fear	precediendo
preceding	joy	precediendo
preceding	negative	precediendo
preceding	positive	precediendo
preceding	sadness	precediendo
preceding	surprise	precediendo
preceding	trust	precediendo
content	anger	contenido
content	anticipation	de contenido
content	disgust	de contenido
content	fear	de contenido
content	joy	contenido
content	negative	de contenido
content	positive	de contenido
content	sadness	de contenido
content	surprise	chut
content	trust	de chut
kick	anger	de contenido
kick	anticipation	de contenido
kick	disgust	chut
kick	fear	de chut
kick	joy	de chut
kick	negative	de chut
kick	positive	chut
kick	sadness	de chut
kick	surprise	de chut
kick	trust	de chut
atlas	anger	atlas
atlas	anticipation	de atlas
atlas	disgust	de atlas
atlas	fear	de atlas
atlas	joy	atlas
atlas	negative	de atlas
atlas	positive	de atlas
atlas	sadness	de atlas
atlas	surprise	atlas
atlas	trust	de atlas
hoax	anger	hoax
hoax	anticipation	hoax
hoax	disgust	hoax
hoax	fear	hoax
hoax	joy	hoax
hoax	negative	hoax
hoax	positive	hoax
hoax	sadness	hoax
hoax	surprise	hoax
hoax	trust	hoax
agriculture	anger	agricultura
agriculture	anticipation	de agricultura
agriculture	disgust	de agricultura
agriculture	fear	de agricultura
agriculture	joy	agricultura
agriculture	negative	de agricultura
agriculture	positive	de agricultura
agriculture	sadness	de agricultura
agriculture	surprise	aptitud
agriculture	trust	de aptitud
aptitude	anger	de agricultura
aptitude	anticipation	de agricultura
aptitude	disgust	aptitud
aptitude	fear	de aptitud
aptitude	joy	de aptitud
aptitude	negative	de aptitud
aptitude	positive	aptitud
aptitude	sadness	de aptitud
aptitude	surprise	de aptitud
aptitude	trust	de aptitud
malaria	anger	malaria
malaria	anticipation	de malaria
malaria	disgust	de malaria
malaria	fear	de malaria
malaria	joy	malaria
malaria	negative	de malaria
malaria	positive	de malaria
malaria	sadness	de malaria
malaria	surprise	malaria
malaria	trust	de malaria
affiche	anger	affiche
affiche	anticipation	affiche
affiche	disgust	affiche
affiche	fear	affiche
affiche	joy	affiche
affiche	negative	affiche
affiche	positive	affiche
affiche	sadness	affiche
affiche	surprise	affiche
affiche	trust	affiche
orchestra	anger	orquesta
orchestra	anticipation	de orquesta
orchestra	disgust	de orquesta
orchestra	fear	de orquesta
orchestra	joy	orquesta
orchestra	negative	de orquesta
orchestra	positive	de orquesta
orchestra	sadness	de orquesta
orchestra	surprise	paladio
orchestra	trust	de paladio
palladium	anger	de orquesta
palladium	anticipation	de orquesta
palladium	disgust	paladio
palladium	fear	de paladio
palladium	joy	de paladio
palladium	negative	de paladio
palladium	positive	paladio
palladium	sadness	de paladio
palladium	surprise	de paladio
palladium	trust	de paladio
timely	anger	oportuno
timely	anticipation	oportuno
timely	disgust	oportuno
timely	fear	oportuno
timely	joy	oportuno
timely	negative	oportuno
timely	positive	oportuno
timely	sadness	integridad
timely	surprise	de integridad
timely	trust	oportuna
integrity	anger	oportuna
integrity	anticipation	oportuna
integrity	disgust	integridad
integrity	fear	de integridad
integrity	joy	de integridad
integrity	negative	de integridad
integrity	positive	integridad
integrity	sadness	de integridad
integrity	surprise	de integridad
integrity	trust	de integridad que
sifting	anger	criba
sifting	anticipation	cribando
sifting	disgust	cribando
sifting	fear	cribando
sifting	joy	cribando
sifting	negative	cribando
sifting	positive	cribando
sifting	sadness	cribando
sifting	surprise	cribando
sifting	trust	cribando
pussy	anger	pussy
pussy	anticipation	pussy
pussy	disgust	pussy
pussy	fear	pussy
pussy	joy	pussy
pussy	negative	pussy
pussy	positive	pussy
pussy	sadness	pussy
pussy	surprise	pussy
pussy	trust	pussy
hemlock	anger	hemlock
hemlock	anticipation	hemlock
hemlock	disgust	hemlock
hemlock	fear	hemlock
hemlock	joy	hemlock
hemlock	negative	hemlock
hemlock	positive	hemlock
hemlock	sadness	hemlock
hemlock	surprise	hemlock
hemlock	trust	hemlock
applicant	anger	solicitante
applicant	anticipation	de solicitante
applicant	disgust	de solicitante
applicant	fear	de solicitante
applicant	joy	solicitante
applicant	negative	de solicitante
applicant	positive	de solicitante
applicant	sadness	de solicitante
applicant	surprise	patología
applicant	trust	de patología
pathology	anger	de solicitante
pathology	anticipation	de solicitante
pathology	disgust	patología
pathology	fear	de patología
pathology	joy	de patología
pathology	negative	de patología
pathology	positive	patología
pathology	sadness	de patología
pathology	surprise	de patología
pathology	trust	de patología
haul	anger	haul
haul	anticipation	haul
haul	disgust	haul
haul	fear	haul
haul	joy	haul
haul	negative	haul
haul	positive	haul
haul	sadness	haul
haul	surprise	haul
haul	trust	haul
subsidiary	anger	subsidiario
subsidiary	anticipation	subsidiario
subsidiary	disgust	subsidiario
subsidiary	fear	subsidiario
subsidiary	joy	subsidiario
subsidiary	negative	subsidiario
subsidiary	positive	subsidiario
subsidiary	sadness	gamba
subsidiary	surprise	de gamba
subsidiary	trust	subsidiaria
shrimp	anger	subsidiaria
shrimp	anticipation	subsidiaria
shrimp	disgust	gamba
shrimp	fear	de gamba
shrimp	joy	de gamba
shrimp	negative	de gamba
shrimp	positive	gamba
shrimp	sadness	de gamba
shrimp	surprise	de gamba
shrimp	trust	de gamba
canvas	anger	tela
canvas	anticipation	de tela
canvas	disgust	de tela
canvas	fear	de tela
canvas	joy	tela
canvas	negative	de tela
canvas	positive	de tela
canvas	sadness	de tela
canvas	surprise	voluntario
canvas	trust	de voluntario
volunteer	anger	de tela
volunteer	anticipation	de tela
volunteer	disgust	voluntario
volunteer	fear	de voluntario
volunteer	joy	de voluntario
volunteer	negative	de voluntario
volunteer	positive	voluntario
volunteer	sadness	de voluntario
volunteer	surprise	de voluntario
volunteer	trust	de voluntario
rendering	anger	rendering
rendering	anticipation	rendering
rendering	disgust	rendering
rendering	fear	rendering
rendering	joy	rendering
rendering	negative	rendering
rendering	positive	rendering
rendering	sadness	rendering
rendering	surprise	rendering
rendering	trust	rendering
mediation	anger	mediation
mediation	anticipation	mediation
mediation	disgust	mediation
mediation	fear	mediation
mediation	joy	mediation
mediation	negative	mediation
mediation	positive	mediation
mediation	sadness	mediation
mediation	surprise	mediation
mediation	trust	mediation
obit	anger	obit
obit	anticipation	obit
obit	disgust	obit
obit	fear	obit
obit	joy	obit
obit	negative	obit
obit	positive	obit
obit	sadness	obit
obit	surprise	obit
obit	trust	obit
agree	anger	estar de acuerdo
agree	anticipation	estar de acuerdo
agree	disgust	estar de acuerdo
agree	fear	estar de acuerdo
agree	joy	estar de acuerdo
agree	negative	estar de acuerdo
agree	positive	estar de acuerdo
agree	sadness	estar de acuerdo
agree	surprise	estar de acuerdo
agree	trust	estar de acuerdo
impair	anger	impair
impair	anticipation	impair
impair	disgust	impair
impair	fear	impair
impair	joy	impair
impair	negative	impair
impair	positive	impair
impair	sadness	impair
impair	surprise	impair
impair	trust	impair
premium	anger	prima
premium	anticipation	de prima
premium	disgust	de prima
premium	fear	de prima
premium	joy	prima
premium	negative	de prima
premium	positive	de prima
premium	sadness	de prima
premium	surprise	prima
premium	trust	de prima
poignant	anger	patética
poignant	anticipation	patético
poignant	disgust	patético
poignant	fear	patético
poignant	joy	patético
poignant	negative	patético
poignant	positive	patético
poignant	sadness	patético
poignant	surprise	patético
poignant	trust	patético
negative	anger	negativo
negative	anticipation	negativo
negative	disgust	negativo
negative	fear	negativo
negative	joy	negativo
negative	negative	negativo
negative	positive	negativo
negative	sadness	negativo
negative	surprise	negativo
negative	trust	negativo
jacks	anger	jacks
jacks	anticipation	jacks
jacks	disgust	jacks
jacks	fear	jacks
jacks	joy	jacks
jacks	negative	jacks
jacks	positive	jacks
jacks	sadness	jacks
jacks	surprise	jacks
jacks	trust	jacks
wavering	anger	wavering
wavering	anticipation	wavering
wavering	disgust	wavering
wavering	fear	wavering
wavering	joy	wavering
wavering	negative	wavering
wavering	positive	wavering
wavering	sadness	wavering
wavering	surprise	wavering
wavering	trust	wavering
transport	anger	transporte
transport	anticipation	de transporte
transport	disgust	de transporte
transport	fear	de transporte
transport	joy	transporte
transport	negative	de transporte
transport	positive	de transporte
transport	sadness	de transporte
transport	surprise	transporte
transport	trust	de transporte
sherry	anger	sherry
sherry	anticipation	sherry
sherry	disgust	sherry
sherry	fear	sherry
sherry	joy	sherry
sherry	negative	sherry
sherry	positive	sherry
sherry	sadness	sherry
sherry	surprise	sherry
sherry	trust	sherry
discrepancy	anger	discrepancia
discrepancy	anticipation	de discrepancia
discrepancy	disgust	de discrepancia
discrepancy	fear	de discrepancia
discrepancy	joy	discrepancia
discrepancy	negative	de discrepancia
discrepancy	positive	de discrepancia
discrepancy	sadness	de discrepancia
discrepancy	surprise	coste
discrepancy	trust	de coste
fee	anger	de discrepancia
fee	anticipation	de discrepancia
fee	disgust	coste
fee	fear	de coste
fee	joy	de coste
fee	negative	de coste
fee	positive	coste
fee	sadness	de coste
fee	surprise	de coste
fee	trust	de coste
refining	anger	refinado
refining	anticipation	de refinado
refining	disgust	de refinado
refining	fear	de refinado
refining	joy	refinado
refining	negative	de refinado
refining	positive	de refinado
refining	sadness	de refinado
refining	surprise	refinado
refining	trust	de refinado
goblet	anger	goblet
goblet	anticipation	goblet
goblet	disgust	goblet
goblet	fear	goblet
goblet	joy	goblet
goblet	negative	goblet
goblet	positive	goblet
goblet	sadness	goblet
goblet	surprise	goblet
goblet	trust	goblet
christening	anger	christening
christening	anticipation	christening
christening	disgust	christening
christening	fear	christening
christening	joy	christening
christening	negative	christening
christening	positive	christening
christening	sadness	christening
christening	surprise	christening
christening	trust	christening
chameleon	anger	camaleón
chameleon	anticipation	de camaleón
chameleon	disgust	de camaleón
chameleon	fear	de camaleón
chameleon	joy	camaleón
chameleon	negative	de camaleón
chameleon	positive	de camaleón
chameleon	sadness	de camaleón
chameleon	surprise	presupuesto
chameleon	trust	de presupuesto
budget	anger	de camaleón
budget	anticipation	de camaleón
budget	disgust	presupuesto
budget	fear	de presupuesto
budget	joy	de presupuesto
budget	negative	de presupuesto
budget	positive	presupuesto
budget	sadness	de presupuesto
budget	surprise	de presupuesto
budget	trust	de presupuesto
luminous	anger	luminoso
luminous	anticipation	luminoso
luminous	disgust	luminoso
luminous	fear	luminoso
luminous	joy	luminoso
luminous	negative	luminoso
luminous	positive	luminoso
luminous	sadness	luminoso
luminous	surprise	luminoso
luminous	trust	luminoso
gulp	anger	gulp
gulp	anticipation	gulp
gulp	disgust	gulp
gulp	fear	gulp
gulp	joy	gulp
gulp	negative	gulp
gulp	positive	gulp
gulp	sadness	gulp
gulp	surprise	gulp
gulp	trust	gulp
cowhide	anger	cowhide
cowhide	anticipation	cowhide
cowhide	disgust	cowhide
cowhide	fear	cowhide
cowhide	joy	cowhide
cowhide	negative	cowhide
cowhide	positive	cowhide
cowhide	sadness	cowhide
cowhide	surprise	cowhide
cowhide	trust	cowhide
gules	anger	gules
gules	anticipation	gules
gules	disgust	gules
gules	fear	gules
gules	joy	gules
gules	negative	gules
gules	positive	gules
gules	sadness	gules
gules	surprise	gules
gules	trust	gules
enjoying	anger	disfrutando
enjoying	anticipation	disfrutando
enjoying	disgust	disfrutando
enjoying	fear	disfrutando
enjoying	joy	disfrutando
enjoying	negative	disfrutando
enjoying	positive	disfrutando
enjoying	sadness	disfrutando
enjoying	surprise	disfrutando
enjoying	trust	disfrutando
overburden	anger	sobrecargado
overburden	anticipation	sobrecargado
overburden	disgust	sobrecargado
overburden	fear	sobrecargado
overburden	joy	sobrecargado
overburden	negative	sobrecargado
overburden	positive	sobrecargado
overburden	sadness	sobrecargado
overburden	surprise	sobrecargado
overburden	trust	sobrecargado
miraculous	anger	miraculous
miraculous	anticipation	miraculous
miraculous	disgust	miraculous
miraculous	fear	miraculous
miraculous	joy	miraculous
miraculous	negative	miraculous
miraculous	positive	miraculous
miraculous	sadness	miraculous
miraculous	surprise	miraculous
miraculous	trust	miraculous
predilection	anger	predilección
predilection	anticipation	de predilección
predilection	disgust	de predilección
predilection	fear	de predilección
predilection	joy	predilección
predilection	negative	de predilección
predilection	positive	de predilección
predilection	sadness	de predilección
predilection	surprise	oratoria
predilection	trust	de oratoria
oratory	anger	de predilección
oratory	anticipation	de predilección
oratory	disgust	oratoria
oratory	fear	de oratoria
oratory	joy	de oratoria
oratory	negative	de oratoria
oratory	positive	oratoria
oratory	sadness	de oratoria
oratory	surprise	de oratoria
oratory	trust	de oratoria que
plowing	anger	labra
plowing	anticipation	labrando
plowing	disgust	labrando
plowing	fear	labrando
plowing	joy	labrando
plowing	negative	labrando
plowing	positive	labrando
plowing	sadness	labrando
plowing	surprise	labrando
plowing	trust	labrando
sentiment	anger	sentiment
sentiment	anticipation	sentiment
sentiment	disgust	sentiment
sentiment	fear	sentiment
sentiment	joy	sentiment
sentiment	negative	sentiment
sentiment	positive	sentiment
sentiment	sadness	sentiment
sentiment	surprise	sentiment
sentiment	trust	sentiment
diffuse	anger	difuso
diffuse	anticipation	difuso
diffuse	disgust	difuso
diffuse	fear	difuso
diffuse	joy	difuso
diffuse	negative	difuso
diffuse	positive	difuso
diffuse	sadness	extranjero
diffuse	surprise	de extranjero
diffuse	trust	difuso
foreigner	anger	difuso
foreigner	anticipation	difuso
foreigner	disgust	extranjero
foreigner	fear	de extranjero
foreigner	joy	de extranjero
foreigner	negative	de extranjero
foreigner	positive	extranjero
foreigner	sadness	de extranjero
foreigner	surprise	de extranjero
foreigner	trust	de extranjero
schooner	anger	schooner
schooner	anticipation	schooner
schooner	disgust	schooner
schooner	fear	schooner
schooner	joy	schooner
schooner	negative	schooner
schooner	positive	schooner
schooner	sadness	schooner
schooner	surprise	schooner
schooner	trust	schooner
afield	anger	afield
afield	anticipation	afield
afield	disgust	afield
afield	fear	afield
afield	joy	afield
afield	negative	afield
afield	positive	afield
afield	sadness	afield
afield	surprise	afield
afield	trust	afield
frozen	anger	congelado
frozen	anticipation	congelado
frozen	disgust	congelado
frozen	fear	congelado
frozen	joy	congelado
frozen	negative	congelado
frozen	positive	congelado
frozen	sadness	congelado
frozen	surprise	refutación
frozen	trust	de refutación
refutation	anger	congelada
refutation	anticipation	congelada
refutation	disgust	refutación
refutation	fear	de refutación
refutation	joy	de refutación
refutation	negative	de refutación
refutation	positive	refutación
refutation	sadness	de refutación
refutation	surprise	de refutación
refutation	trust	de refutación
snide	anger	snide
snide	anticipation	snide
snide	disgust	snide
snide	fear	snide
snide	joy	snide
snide	negative	snide
snide	positive	snide
snide	sadness	snide
snide	surprise	snide
snide	trust	snide
probable	anger	probable
probable	anticipation	probable
probable	disgust	probable
probable	fear	probable
probable	joy	probable
probable	negative	probable
probable	positive	probable
probable	sadness	probable
probable	surprise	probable
probable	trust	probable
upwards	anger	hacia arriba
upwards	anticipation	hacia arriba
upwards	disgust	hacia arriba
upwards	fear	hacia arriba
upwards	joy	hacia arriba
upwards	negative	hacia arriba
upwards	positive	hacia arriba
upwards	sadness	hacia arriba
upwards	surprise	hacia arriba
upwards	trust	hacia arriba
greatly	anger	mucho
greatly	anticipation	mucho
greatly	disgust	mucho
greatly	fear	mucho
greatly	joy	mucho
greatly	negative	mucho
greatly	positive	mucho
greatly	sadness	mucho
greatly	surprise	mucho
greatly	trust	mucho
pointless	anger	pointless
pointless	anticipation	pointless
pointless	disgust	pointless
pointless	fear	pointless
pointless	joy	pointless
pointless	negative	pointless
pointless	positive	pointless
pointless	sadness	pointless
pointless	surprise	pointless
pointless	trust	pointless
refusal	anger	negativa
refusal	anticipation	de negativa
refusal	disgust	de negativa
refusal	fear	de negativa
refusal	joy	negativa
refusal	negative	de negativa
refusal	positive	de negativa
refusal	sadness	de negativa
refusal	surprise	negativa
refusal	trust	de negativa
normalcy	anger	normalcy
normalcy	anticipation	normalcy
normalcy	disgust	normalcy
normalcy	fear	normalcy
normalcy	joy	normalcy
normalcy	negative	normalcy
normalcy	positive	normalcy
normalcy	sadness	normalcy
normalcy	surprise	normalcy
normalcy	trust	normalcy
refurbish	anger	refurbish
refurbish	anticipation	refurbish
refurbish	disgust	refurbish
refurbish	fear	refurbish
refurbish	joy	refurbish
refurbish	negative	refurbish
refurbish	positive	refurbish
refurbish	sadness	refurbish
refurbish	surprise	refurbish
refurbish	trust	refurbish
equally	anger	igualmente
equally	anticipation	igualmente
equally	disgust	igualmente
equally	fear	igualmente
equally	joy	igualmente
equally	negative	igualmente
equally	positive	igualmente
equally	sadness	igualmente
equally	surprise	igualmente
equally	trust	igualmente
recreational	anger	recreativo
recreational	anticipation	recreativo
recreational	disgust	recreativo
recreational	fear	recreativo
recreational	joy	recreativo
recreational	negative	recreativo
recreational	positive	recreativo
recreational	sadness	recreativo
recreational	surprise	recreativo
recreational	trust	recreativo
shroud	anger	amortajar
shroud	anticipation	amortajar
shroud	disgust	amortajar
shroud	fear	amortajar
shroud	joy	amortajar
shroud	negative	amortajar
shroud	positive	amortajar
shroud	sadness	amortajar
shroud	surprise	amortajar
shroud	trust	amortajar
accusing	anger	acusando
accusing	anticipation	acusando
accusing	disgust	acusando
accusing	fear	acusando
accusing	joy	acusando
accusing	negative	acusando
accusing	positive	acusando
accusing	sadness	acusando
accusing	surprise	acusando
accusing	trust	acusando
darkness	anger	oscuridad
darkness	anticipation	de oscuridad
darkness	disgust	de oscuridad
darkness	fear	de oscuridad
darkness	joy	oscuridad
darkness	negative	de oscuridad
darkness	positive	de oscuridad
darkness	sadness	de oscuridad
darkness	surprise	oscuridad
darkness	trust	de oscuridad que
ailing	anger	aqueja
ailing	anticipation	enfermo
ailing	disgust	enfermo
ailing	fear	enfermo
ailing	joy	enfermo
ailing	negative	enfermo
ailing	positive	enfermo
ailing	sadness	enfermo
ailing	surprise	enfermo
ailing	trust	enfermo
pulsation	anger	pulsation
pulsation	anticipation	pulsation
pulsation	disgust	pulsation
pulsation	fear	pulsation
pulsation	joy	pulsation
pulsation	negative	pulsation
pulsation	positive	pulsation
pulsation	sadness	pulsation
pulsation	surprise	pulsation
pulsation	trust	pulsation
adviser	anger	asesor
adviser	anticipation	de asesor
adviser	disgust	de asesor
adviser	fear	de asesor
adviser	joy	asesor
adviser	negative	de asesor
adviser	positive	de asesor
adviser	sadness	de asesor
adviser	surprise	asesor
adviser	trust	de asesor
woeful	anger	woeful
woeful	anticipation	woeful
woeful	disgust	woeful
woeful	fear	woeful
woeful	joy	woeful
woeful	negative	woeful
woeful	positive	woeful
woeful	sadness	woeful
woeful	surprise	woeful
woeful	trust	woeful
postal	anger	postal
postal	anticipation	postal
postal	disgust	postal
postal	fear	postal
postal	joy	postal
postal	negative	postal
postal	positive	postal
postal	sadness	profundidad
postal	surprise	de profundidad
postal	trust	postal
depth	anger	postal
depth	anticipation	postal
depth	disgust	profundidad
depth	fear	de profundidad
depth	joy	de profundidad
depth	negative	de profundidad
depth	positive	profundidad
depth	sadness	de profundidad
depth	surprise	de profundidad
depth	trust	de profundidad
unearth	anger	unearth
unearth	anticipation	unearth
unearth	disgust	unearth
unearth	fear	unearth
unearth	joy	unearth
unearth	negative	unearth
unearth	positive	unearth
unearth	sadness	unearth
unearth	surprise	unearth
unearth	trust	unearth
radiology	anger	radiología
radiology	anticipation	de radiología
radiology	disgust	de radiología
radiology	fear	de radiología
radiology	joy	radiología
radiology	negative	de radiología
radiology	positive	de radiología
radiology	sadness	de radiología
radiology	surprise	radiología
radiology	trust	de radiología
comprehend	anger	comprehend
comprehend	anticipation	comprehend
comprehend	disgust	comprehend
comprehend	fear	comprehend
comprehend	joy	comprehend
comprehend	negative	comprehend
comprehend	positive	comprehend
comprehend	sadness	comprehend
comprehend	surprise	comprehend
comprehend	trust	comprehend
barricade	anger	barricada
barricade	anticipation	de barricada
barricade	disgust	de barricada
barricade	fear	de barricada
barricade	joy	barricada
barricade	negative	de barricada
barricade	positive	de barricada
barricade	sadness	de barricada
barricade	surprise	barricada
barricade	trust	de barricada
titular	anger	titular
titular	anticipation	titular
titular	disgust	titular
titular	fear	titular
titular	joy	titular
titular	negative	titular
titular	positive	titular
titular	sadness	titular
titular	surprise	titular
titular	trust	titular
lady	anger	señora
lady	anticipation	de señora
lady	disgust	de señora
lady	fear	de señora
lady	joy	señora
lady	negative	de señora
lady	positive	de señora
lady	sadness	de señora
lady	surprise	señora
lady	trust	de señora
painted	anger	pintó
painted	anticipation	pintada
painted	disgust	pintó
painted	fear	pintado
painted	joy	pintó
painted	negative	pintado
painted	positive	pintó
painted	sadness	pintado
painted	surprise	pintó
painted	trust	ejecución
execution	anger	de ejecución
execution	anticipation	de ejecución
execution	disgust	pintada
execution	fear	ejecución
execution	joy	de ejecución
execution	negative	de ejecución
execution	positive	de ejecución
execution	sadness	ejecución
execution	surprise	de ejecución
execution	trust	de la ejecución
whispered	anger	susurró
whispered	anticipation	susurrada
whispered	disgust	susurró
whispered	fear	susurrado
whispered	joy	susurró
whispered	negative	susurrado
whispered	positive	susurró
whispered	sadness	susurrado
whispered	surprise	susurró
whispered	trust	susurrado
perseverance	anger	perseverance
perseverance	anticipation	perseverance
perseverance	disgust	perseverance
perseverance	fear	perseverance
perseverance	joy	perseverance
perseverance	negative	perseverance
perseverance	positive	perseverance
perseverance	sadness	perseverance
perseverance	surprise	perseverance
perseverance	trust	perseverance
trait	anger	trait
trait	anticipation	trait
trait	disgust	trait
trait	fear	trait
trait	joy	trait
trait	negative	trait
trait	positive	trait
trait	sadness	trait
trait	surprise	trait
trait	trust	trait
divisor	anger	divisor
divisor	anticipation	divisor
divisor	disgust	divisor
divisor	fear	divisor
divisor	joy	divisor
divisor	negative	divisor
divisor	positive	divisor
divisor	sadness	divisor
divisor	surprise	divisor
divisor	trust	divisor
wright	anger	wright
wright	anticipation	wright
wright	disgust	wright
wright	fear	wright
wright	joy	wright
wright	negative	wright
wright	positive	wright
wright	sadness	wright
wright	surprise	wright
wright	trust	wright
misinformed	anger	misinformed
misinformed	anticipation	misinformed
misinformed	disgust	misinformed
misinformed	fear	misinformed
misinformed	joy	misinformed
misinformed	negative	misinformed
misinformed	positive	misinformed
misinformed	sadness	misinformed
misinformed	surprise	misinformed
misinformed	trust	misinformed
unrelenting	anger	unrelenting
unrelenting	anticipation	unrelenting
unrelenting	disgust	unrelenting
unrelenting	fear	unrelenting
unrelenting	joy	unrelenting
unrelenting	negative	unrelenting
unrelenting	positive	unrelenting
unrelenting	sadness	unrelenting
unrelenting	surprise	unrelenting
unrelenting	trust	unrelenting
approbation	anger	approbation
approbation	anticipation	approbation
approbation	disgust	approbation
approbation	fear	approbation
approbation	joy	approbation
approbation	negative	approbation
approbation	positive	approbation
approbation	sadness	approbation
approbation	surprise	approbation
approbation	trust	approbation
gingerly	anger	gingerly
gingerly	anticipation	gingerly
gingerly	disgust	gingerly
gingerly	fear	gingerly
gingerly	joy	gingerly
gingerly	negative	gingerly
gingerly	positive	gingerly
gingerly	sadness	gingerly
gingerly	surprise	gingerly
gingerly	trust	gingerly
discriminate	anger	discrimina
discriminate	anticipation	discrimina
discriminate	disgust	discrimina
discriminate	fear	discrimina
discriminate	joy	discrimina
discriminate	negative	discrimina
discriminate	positive	discrimina
discriminate	sadness	discrimina
discriminate	surprise	discrimina
discriminate	trust	discrimina
artiste	anger	artiste
artiste	anticipation	artiste
artiste	disgust	artiste
artiste	fear	artiste
artiste	joy	artiste
artiste	negative	artiste
artiste	positive	artiste
artiste	sadness	artiste
artiste	surprise	artiste
artiste	trust	artiste
excite	anger	entusiasma
excite	anticipation	entusiasma
excite	disgust	entusiasma
excite	fear	entusiasma
excite	joy	entusiasma
excite	negative	entusiasma
excite	positive	entusiasma
excite	sadness	entusiasma
excite	surprise	entusiasma
excite	trust	entusiasma
batch	anger	lote
batch	anticipation	de lote
batch	disgust	de lote
batch	fear	de lote
batch	joy	lote
batch	negative	de lote
batch	positive	de lote
batch	sadness	de lote
batch	surprise	lote
batch	trust	de lote
equidistant	anger	equidistante
equidistant	anticipation	equidistante
equidistant	disgust	equidistante
equidistant	fear	equidistante
equidistant	joy	equidistante
equidistant	negative	equidistante
equidistant	positive	equidistante
equidistant	sadness	equidistante
equidistant	surprise	equidistante
equidistant	trust	equidistante
rising	anger	aumentando
rising	anticipation	aumentando
rising	disgust	aumentando
rising	fear	aumentando
rising	joy	aumentando
rising	negative	aumentando
rising	positive	aumentando
rising	sadness	aumentando
rising	surprise	aumentando
rising	trust	aumentando
cramped	anger	cramped
cramped	anticipation	cramped
cramped	disgust	cramped
cramped	fear	cramped
cramped	joy	cramped
cramped	negative	cramped
cramped	positive	cramped
cramped	sadness	cramped
cramped	surprise	cramped
cramped	trust	cramped
capital	anger	capital
capital	anticipation	capital
capital	disgust	capital
capital	fear	capital
capital	joy	capital
capital	negative	capital
capital	positive	capital
capital	sadness	capital
capital	surprise	capital
capital	trust	capital
judging	anger	juzgando
judging	anticipation	juzgando
judging	disgust	juzgando
judging	fear	juzgando
judging	joy	juzgando
judging	negative	juzgando
judging	positive	juzgando
judging	sadness	juzgando
judging	surprise	juzgando
judging	trust	juzgando
plural	anger	plural
plural	anticipation	plural
plural	disgust	plural
plural	fear	plural
plural	joy	plural
plural	negative	plural
plural	positive	plural
plural	sadness	plural
plural	surprise	plural
plural	trust	plural
wreck	anger	wreck
wreck	anticipation	wreck
wreck	disgust	wreck
wreck	fear	wreck
wreck	joy	wreck
wreck	negative	wreck
wreck	positive	wreck
wreck	sadness	wreck
wreck	surprise	wreck
wreck	trust	wreck
educational	anger	educativo
educational	anticipation	educativo
educational	disgust	educativo
educational	fear	educativo
educational	joy	educativo
educational	negative	educativo
educational	positive	educativo
educational	sadness	educativo
educational	surprise	educativo
educational	trust	educativo
underline	anger	subrayar
underline	anticipation	subrayar
underline	disgust	subrayar
underline	fear	subrayar
underline	joy	subrayar
underline	negative	subrayar
underline	positive	subrayar
underline	sadness	subrayar
underline	surprise	subrayar
underline	trust	subrayar
proctor	anger	proctor
proctor	anticipation	proctor
proctor	disgust	proctor
proctor	fear	proctor
proctor	joy	proctor
proctor	negative	proctor
proctor	positive	proctor
proctor	sadness	proctor
proctor	surprise	proctor
proctor	trust	proctor
appendix	anger	apéndice
appendix	anticipation	de apéndice
appendix	disgust	de apéndice
appendix	fear	de apéndice
appendix	joy	apéndice
appendix	negative	de apéndice
appendix	positive	de apéndice
appendix	sadness	de apéndice
appendix	surprise	apéndice
appendix	trust	de apéndice
pretense	anger	pretense
pretense	anticipation	pretense
pretense	disgust	pretense
pretense	fear	pretense
pretense	joy	pretense
pretense	negative	pretense
pretense	positive	pretense
pretense	sadness	pretense
pretense	surprise	pretense
pretense	trust	pretense
divination	anger	divination
divination	anticipation	divination
divination	disgust	divination
divination	fear	divination
divination	joy	divination
divination	negative	divination
divination	positive	divination
divination	sadness	divination
divination	surprise	divination
divination	trust	divination
admitting	anger	admitiendo
admitting	anticipation	admitiendo
admitting	disgust	admitiendo
admitting	fear	admitiendo
admitting	joy	admitiendo
admitting	negative	admitiendo
admitting	positive	admitiendo
admitting	sadness	admitiendo
admitting	surprise	admitiendo
admitting	trust	admitiendo
steel	anger	acero
steel	anticipation	de acero
steel	disgust	de acero
steel	fear	de acero
steel	joy	acero
steel	negative	de acero
steel	positive	de acero
steel	sadness	de acero
steel	surprise	acero
steel	trust	de acero
clasp	anger	clasp
clasp	anticipation	clasp
clasp	disgust	clasp
clasp	fear	clasp
clasp	joy	clasp
clasp	negative	clasp
clasp	positive	clasp
clasp	sadness	clasp
clasp	surprise	clasp
clasp	trust	clasp
homogeneity	anger	homogeneidad
homogeneity	anticipation	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	disgust	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	fear	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	joy	homogeneidad
homogeneity	negative	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	positive	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	sadness	de homogeneidad
homogeneity	surprise	homogeneidad
homogeneity	trust	de homogeneidad
laborious	anger	laboriosa
laborious	anticipation	laborioso
laborious	disgust	laborioso
laborious	fear	laborioso
laborious	joy	laborioso
laborious	negative	laborioso
laborious	positive	laborioso
laborious	sadness	bigote
laborious	surprise	de bigote
laborious	trust	laborioso
moustache	anger	laborioso
moustache	anticipation	laborioso
moustache	disgust	bigote
moustache	fear	de bigote
moustache	joy	de bigote
moustache	negative	de bigote
moustache	positive	bigote
moustache	sadness	de bigote
moustache	surprise	de bigote
moustache	trust	de bigote
unnecessary	anger	innecesario
unnecessary	anticipation	innecesario
unnecessary	disgust	innecesario
unnecessary	fear	innecesario
unnecessary	joy	innecesario
unnecessary	negative	innecesario
unnecessary	positive	innecesario
unnecessary	sadness	innecesario
unnecessary	surprise	innecesario
unnecessary	trust	innecesario
assemble	anger	reunir
assemble	anticipation	reunir
assemble	disgust	reunir
assemble	fear	reunir
assemble	joy	reunir
assemble	negative	reunir
assemble	positive	reunir
assemble	sadness	reunir
assemble	surprise	reunir
assemble	trust	reunir
pendant	anger	racimo
pendant	anticipation	de racimo
pendant	disgust	de racimo
pendant	fear	de racimo
pendant	joy	racimo
pendant	negative	de racimo
pendant	positive	de racimo
pendant	sadness	de racimo
pendant	surprise	usura
pendant	trust	de usura
usury	anger	de racimo
usury	anticipation	de racimo
usury	disgust	usura
usury	fear	de usura
usury	joy	de usura
usury	negative	de usura
usury	positive	usura
usury	sadness	de usura
usury	surprise	de usura
usury	trust	de usura
relative	anger	relativa
relative	anticipation	relativo
relative	disgust	relativo
relative	fear	relativo
relative	joy	relativo
relative	negative	relativo
relative	positive	relativo
relative	sadness	carpeta
relative	surprise	de carpeta
relative	trust	relativa
portfolio	anger	relativa
portfolio	anticipation	relativa
portfolio	disgust	carpeta
portfolio	fear	de carpeta
portfolio	joy	de carpeta
portfolio	negative	de carpeta
portfolio	positive	carpeta
portfolio	sadness	de carpeta
portfolio	surprise	de carpeta
portfolio	trust	de carpeta
dispersed	anger	dispersó
dispersed	anticipation	dispersada
dispersed	disgust	dispersó
dispersed	fear	dispersado
dispersed	joy	dispersó
dispersed	negative	dispersado
dispersed	positive	dispersó
dispersed	sadness	dispersado
dispersed	surprise	dispersó
dispersed	trust	contrato
contract	anger	de contrato
contract	anticipation	de contrato
contract	disgust	dispersado
contract	fear	contrato
contract	joy	de contrato
contract	negative	de contrato
contract	positive	de contrato
contract	sadness	contrato
contract	surprise	de contrato
contract	trust	del contrato
unregistered	anger	unregistered
unregistered	anticipation	unregistered
unregistered	disgust	unregistered
unregistered	fear	unregistered
unregistered	joy	unregistered
unregistered	negative	unregistered
unregistered	positive	unregistered
unregistered	sadness	unregistered
unregistered	surprise	unregistered
unregistered	trust	unregistered
stencil	anger	stencil
stencil	anticipation	stencil
stencil	disgust	stencil
stencil	fear	stencil
stencil	joy	stencil
stencil	negative	stencil
stencil	positive	stencil
stencil	sadness	stencil
stencil	surprise	stencil
stencil	trust	stencil
disprove	anger	disprove
disprove	anticipation	disprove
disprove	disgust	disprove
disprove	fear	disprove
disprove	joy	disprove
disprove	negative	disprove
disprove	positive	disprove
disprove	sadness	disprove
disprove	surprise	disprove
disprove	trust	disprove
attribution	anger	atribución
attribution	anticipation	de atribución
attribution	disgust	de atribución
attribution	fear	de atribución
attribution	joy	atribución
attribution	negative	de atribución
attribution	positive	de atribución
attribution	sadness	de atribución
attribution	surprise	atribución
attribution	trust	de atribución
open	anger	abre
open	anticipation	abierta
open	disgust	abierto
open	fear	abierto
open	joy	abierto
open	negative	abierto
open	positive	abierto
open	sadness	abierto
open	surprise	abierto
open	trust	abierto
omniscient	anger	omniscient
omniscient	anticipation	omniscient
omniscient	disgust	omniscient
omniscient	fear	omniscient
omniscient	joy	omniscient
omniscient	negative	omniscient
omniscient	positive	omniscient
omniscient	sadness	omniscient
omniscient	surprise	omniscient
omniscient	trust	omniscient
tightness	anger	tightness
tightness	anticipation	tightness
tightness	disgust	tightness
tightness	fear	tightness
tightness	joy	tightness
tightness	negative	tightness
tightness	positive	tightness
tightness	sadness	tightness
tightness	surprise	tightness
tightness	trust	tightness
duct	anger	duct
duct	anticipation	duct
duct	disgust	duct
duct	fear	duct
duct	joy	duct
duct	negative	duct
duct	positive	duct
duct	sadness	duct
duct	surprise	duct
duct	trust	duct
unconscionable	anger	unconscionable
unconscionable	anticipation	unconscionable
unconscionable	disgust	unconscionable
unconscionable	fear	unconscionable
unconscionable	joy	unconscionable
unconscionable	negative	unconscionable
unconscionable	positive	unconscionable
unconscionable	sadness	unconscionable
unconscionable	surprise	unconscionable
unconscionable	trust	unconscionable
inactivity	anger	inactivity
inactivity	anticipation	inactivity
inactivity	disgust	inactivity
inactivity	fear	inactivity
inactivity	joy	inactivity
inactivity	negative	inactivity
inactivity	positive	inactivity
inactivity	sadness	inactivity
inactivity	surprise	inactivity
inactivity	trust	inactivity
dissimilar	anger	disímil
dissimilar	anticipation	disímil
dissimilar	disgust	disímil
dissimilar	fear	disímil
dissimilar	joy	disímil
dissimilar	negative	disímil
dissimilar	positive	disímil
dissimilar	sadness	disímil
dissimilar	surprise	disímil
dissimilar	trust	disímil
contraband	anger	contraband
contraband	anticipation	contraband
contraband	disgust	contraband
contraband	fear	contraband
contraband	joy	contraband
contraband	negative	contraband
contraband	positive	contraband
contraband	sadness	contraband
contraband	surprise	contraband
contraband	trust	contraband
extended	anger	extendió
extended	anticipation	extendido
extended	disgust	extendió
extended	fear	extendido
extended	joy	extendió
extended	negative	extendido
extended	positive	extendió
extended	sadness	extendido
extended	surprise	extendió
extended	trust	extendido
beg	anger	suplicar
beg	anticipation	suplicar
beg	disgust	suplicar
beg	fear	suplicar
beg	joy	suplicar
beg	negative	suplicar
beg	positive	suplicar
beg	sadness	suplicar
beg	surprise	suplicar
beg	trust	suplicar
miscarriage	anger	miscarriage
miscarriage	anticipation	miscarriage
miscarriage	disgust	miscarriage
miscarriage	fear	miscarriage
miscarriage	joy	miscarriage
miscarriage	negative	miscarriage
miscarriage	positive	miscarriage
miscarriage	sadness	miscarriage
miscarriage	surprise	miscarriage
miscarriage	trust	miscarriage
surveying	anger	surveying
surveying	anticipation	surveying
surveying	disgust	surveying
surveying	fear	surveying
surveying	joy	surveying
surveying	negative	surveying
surveying	positive	surveying
surveying	sadness	surveying
surveying	surprise	surveying
surveying	trust	surveying
cocoon	anger	capullo
cocoon	anticipation	de capullo
cocoon	disgust	de capullo
cocoon	fear	de capullo
cocoon	joy	capullo
cocoon	negative	de capullo
cocoon	positive	de capullo
cocoon	sadness	de capullo
cocoon	surprise	capullo
cocoon	trust	de capullo
dell	anger	dell
dell	anticipation	dell
dell	disgust	dell
dell	fear	dell
dell	joy	dell
dell	negative	dell
dell	positive	dell
dell	sadness	dell
dell	surprise	dell
dell	trust	dell
argument	anger	argumento
argument	anticipation	de argumento
argument	disgust	de argumento
argument	fear	de argumento
argument	joy	argumento
argument	negative	de argumento
argument	positive	de argumento
argument	sadness	de argumento
argument	surprise	tentáculo
argument	trust	de tentáculo
tentacle	anger	de argumento
tentacle	anticipation	de argumento
tentacle	disgust	tentáculo
tentacle	fear	de tentáculo
tentacle	joy	de tentáculo
tentacle	negative	de tentáculo
tentacle	positive	tentáculo
tentacle	sadness	de tentáculo
tentacle	surprise	de tentáculo
tentacle	trust	de tentáculo
gestation	anger	gestación
gestation	anticipation	de gestación
gestation	disgust	de gestación
gestation	fear	de gestación
gestation	joy	gestación
gestation	negative	de gestación
gestation	positive	de gestación
gestation	sadness	de gestación
gestation	surprise	gestación
gestation	trust	de gestación
fiesta	anger	fiesta
fiesta	anticipation	fiesta
fiesta	disgust	fiesta
fiesta	fear	fiesta
fiesta	joy	fiesta
fiesta	negative	fiesta
fiesta	positive	fiesta
fiesta	sadness	fiesta
fiesta	surprise	fiesta
fiesta	trust	fiesta
pertussis	anger	pertussis
pertussis	anticipation	pertussis
pertussis	disgust	pertussis
pertussis	fear	pertussis
pertussis	joy	pertussis
pertussis	negative	pertussis
pertussis	positive	pertussis
pertussis	sadness	pertussis
pertussis	surprise	pertussis
pertussis	trust	pertussis
metaphor	anger	metáfora
metaphor	anticipation	de metáfora
metaphor	disgust	de metáfora
metaphor	fear	de metáfora
metaphor	joy	metáfora
metaphor	negative	de metáfora
metaphor	positive	de metáfora
metaphor	sadness	de metáfora
metaphor	surprise	metáfora
metaphor	trust	de metáfora
endangered	anger	endangered
endangered	anticipation	endangered
endangered	disgust	endangered
endangered	fear	endangered
endangered	joy	endangered
endangered	negative	endangered
endangered	positive	endangered
endangered	sadness	endangered
endangered	surprise	endangered
endangered	trust	endangered
ethereal	anger	etéreo
ethereal	anticipation	etéreo
ethereal	disgust	etéreo
ethereal	fear	etéreo
ethereal	joy	etéreo
ethereal	negative	etéreo
ethereal	positive	etéreo
ethereal	sadness	máscara
ethereal	surprise	de máscara
ethereal	trust	etérea
mask	anger	etérea
mask	anticipation	etérea
mask	disgust	máscara
mask	fear	de máscara
mask	joy	de máscara
mask	negative	de máscara
mask	positive	máscara
mask	sadness	de máscara
mask	surprise	de máscara
mask	trust	de máscara
recompense	anger	recompense
recompense	anticipation	recompense
recompense	disgust	recompense
recompense	fear	recompense
recompense	joy	recompense
recompense	negative	recompense
recompense	positive	recompense
recompense	sadness	recompense
recompense	surprise	recompense
recompense	trust	recompense
morrow	anger	morrow
morrow	anticipation	morrow
morrow	disgust	morrow
morrow	fear	morrow
morrow	joy	morrow
morrow	negative	morrow
morrow	positive	morrow
morrow	sadness	morrow
morrow	surprise	morrow
morrow	trust	morrow
analgesic	anger	analgésico
analgesic	anticipation	analgésico
analgesic	disgust	analgésico
analgesic	fear	analgésico
analgesic	joy	analgésico
analgesic	negative	analgésico
analgesic	positive	analgésico
analgesic	sadness	veracidad
analgesic	surprise	de veracidad
analgesic	trust	analgésica
veracity	anger	analgésica
veracity	anticipation	analgésica
veracity	disgust	veracidad
veracity	fear	de veracidad
veracity	joy	de veracidad
veracity	negative	de veracidad
veracity	positive	veracidad
veracity	sadness	de veracidad
veracity	surprise	de veracidad
veracity	trust	de veracidad
inclusion	anger	inclusión
inclusion	anticipation	de inclusión
inclusion	disgust	de inclusión
inclusion	fear	de inclusión
inclusion	joy	inclusión
inclusion	negative	de inclusión
inclusion	positive	de inclusión
inclusion	sadness	de inclusión
inclusion	surprise	inclusión
inclusion	trust	de inclusión
unitary	anger	unitaria
unitary	anticipation	unitario
unitary	disgust	unitario
unitary	fear	unitario
unitary	joy	unitario
unitary	negative	unitario
unitary	positive	unitario
unitary	sadness	unitario
unitary	surprise	unitario
unitary	trust	unitario
forty	anger	cuarenta
forty	anticipation	cuarenta
forty	disgust	cuarenta
forty	fear	cuarenta
forty	joy	cuarenta
forty	negative	cuarenta
forty	positive	cuarenta
forty	sadness	cuarenta
forty	surprise	cuarenta
forty	trust	cuarenta
height	anger	altura
height	anticipation	altura
height	disgust	de altura
height	fear	de altura
height	joy	de altura
height	negative	altura
height	positive	de altura
height	sadness	de altura
height	surprise	de altura
height	trust	ventajas
assets	anger	de ventajas
assets	anticipation	de ventajas
assets	disgust	de altura
assets	fear	ventajas
assets	joy	de ventajas
assets	negative	de ventajas
assets	positive	de ventajas
assets	sadness	espíritus
assets	surprise	de ventajas
assets	trust	de ventajas
spirits	anger	de ventajas
spirits	anticipation	espíritus
spirits	disgust	de espíritus
spirits	fear	de espíritus
spirits	joy	de espíritus
spirits	negative	espíritus
spirits	positive	de espíritus
spirits	sadness	de espíritus
spirits	surprise	de espíritus
spirits	trust	espíritus
checker	anger	checker
checker	anticipation	checker
checker	disgust	checker
checker	fear	checker
checker	joy	checker
checker	negative	checker
checker	positive	checker
checker	sadness	checker
checker	surprise	checker
checker	trust	checker
encounter	anger	encuentro
encounter	anticipation	de encuentro
encounter	disgust	de encuentro
encounter	fear	de encuentro
encounter	joy	encuentro
encounter	negative	de encuentro
encounter	positive	de encuentro
encounter	sadness	de encuentro
encounter	surprise	perro
encounter	trust	de perro
dog	anger	de encuentro
dog	anticipation	de encuentro
dog	disgust	perro
dog	fear	de perro
dog	joy	de perro
dog	negative	de perro
dog	positive	perro
dog	sadness	de perro
dog	surprise	de perro
dog	trust	de perro
splash	anger	splash
splash	anticipation	splash
splash	disgust	splash
splash	fear	splash
splash	joy	splash
splash	negative	splash
splash	positive	splash
splash	sadness	splash
splash	surprise	splash
splash	trust	splash
demonstrating	anger	demostrando
demonstrating	anticipation	demostrando
demonstrating	disgust	demostrando
demonstrating	fear	demostrando
demonstrating	joy	demostrando
demonstrating	negative	demostrando
demonstrating	positive	demostrando
demonstrating	sadness	demostrando
demonstrating	surprise	demostrando
demonstrating	trust	demostrando
revise	anger	revisa
revise	anticipation	revisar
revise	disgust	revisar
revise	fear	revisar
revise	joy	revisar
revise	negative	revisar
revise	positive	revisar
revise	sadness	revisar
revise	surprise	revisar
revise	trust	revisar
governess	anger	governess
governess	anticipation	governess
governess	disgust	governess
governess	fear	governess
governess	joy	governess
governess	negative	governess
governess	positive	governess
governess	sadness	governess
governess	surprise	governess
governess	trust	governess
pupil	anger	alumno
pupil	anticipation	de alumno
pupil	disgust	de alumno
pupil	fear	de alumno
pupil	joy	alumno
pupil	negative	de alumno
pupil	positive	de alumno
pupil	sadness	de alumno
pupil	surprise	fardo
pupil	trust	de fardo
bundle	anger	de alumno
bundle	anticipation	de alumno
bundle	disgust	fardo
bundle	fear	de fardo
bundle	joy	de fardo
bundle	negative	de fardo
bundle	positive	fardo
bundle	sadness	de fardo
bundle	surprise	de fardo
bundle	trust	de fardo
extraction	anger	extracción
extraction	anticipation	de extracción
extraction	disgust	de extracción
extraction	fear	de extracción
extraction	joy	extracción
extraction	negative	de extracción
extraction	positive	de extracción
extraction	sadness	de extracción
extraction	surprise	extracción
extraction	trust	de extracción
meteorological	anger	meteorológica
meteorological	anticipation	meteorológico
meteorological	disgust	meteorológico
meteorological	fear	meteorológico
meteorological	joy	meteorológico
meteorological	negative	meteorológico
meteorological	positive	meteorológico
meteorological	sadness	meteorológico
meteorological	surprise	meteorológico
meteorological	trust	meteorológico
smack	anger	smack
smack	anticipation	smack
smack	disgust	smack
smack	fear	smack
smack	joy	smack
smack	negative	smack
smack	positive	smack
smack	sadness	smack
smack	surprise	smack
smack	trust	smack
tile	anger	enladrillar
tile	anticipation	enladrillar
tile	disgust	enladrillar
tile	fear	enladrillar
tile	joy	enladrillar
tile	negative	enladrillar
tile	positive	enladrillar
tile	sadness	enladrillar
tile	surprise	enladrillar
tile	trust	enladrillar
preparer	anger	preparer
preparer	anticipation	preparer
preparer	disgust	preparer
preparer	fear	preparer
preparer	joy	preparer
preparer	negative	preparer
preparer	positive	preparer
preparer	sadness	preparer
preparer	surprise	preparer
preparer	trust	preparer
oblivion	anger	oblivion
oblivion	anticipation	oblivion
oblivion	disgust	oblivion
oblivion	fear	oblivion
oblivion	joy	oblivion
oblivion	negative	oblivion
oblivion	positive	oblivion
oblivion	sadness	oblivion
oblivion	surprise	oblivion
oblivion	trust	oblivion
fullness	anger	fullness
fullness	anticipation	fullness
fullness	disgust	fullness
fullness	fear	fullness
fullness	joy	fullness
fullness	negative	fullness
fullness	positive	fullness
fullness	sadness	fullness
fullness	surprise	fullness
fullness	trust	fullness
trimming	anger	trimming
trimming	anticipation	trimming
trimming	disgust	trimming
trimming	fear	trimming
trimming	joy	trimming
trimming	negative	trimming
trimming	positive	trimming
trimming	sadness	trimming
trimming	surprise	trimming
trimming	trust	trimming
sprinkling	anger	sprinkling
sprinkling	anticipation	sprinkling
sprinkling	disgust	sprinkling
sprinkling	fear	sprinkling
sprinkling	joy	sprinkling
sprinkling	negative	sprinkling
sprinkling	positive	sprinkling
sprinkling	sadness	sprinkling
sprinkling	surprise	sprinkling
sprinkling	trust	sprinkling
stave	anger	stave
stave	anticipation	stave
stave	disgust	stave
stave	fear	stave
stave	joy	stave
stave	negative	stave
stave	positive	stave
stave	sadness	stave
stave	surprise	stave
stave	trust	stave
lever	anger	palanca
lever	anticipation	de palanca
lever	disgust	de palanca
lever	fear	de palanca
lever	joy	palanca
lever	negative	de palanca
lever	positive	de palanca
lever	sadness	de palanca
lever	surprise	palanca
lever	trust	de palanca
plentiful	anger	plentiful
plentiful	anticipation	plentiful
plentiful	disgust	plentiful
plentiful	fear	plentiful
plentiful	joy	plentiful
plentiful	negative	plentiful
plentiful	positive	plentiful
plentiful	sadness	plentiful
plentiful	surprise	plentiful
plentiful	trust	plentiful
immeasurable	anger	immeasurable
immeasurable	anticipation	immeasurable
immeasurable	disgust	immeasurable
immeasurable	fear	immeasurable
immeasurable	joy	immeasurable
immeasurable	negative	immeasurable
immeasurable	positive	immeasurable
immeasurable	sadness	immeasurable
immeasurable	surprise	immeasurable
immeasurable	trust	immeasurable
vane	anger	vane
vane	anticipation	vane
vane	disgust	vane
vane	fear	vane
vane	joy	vane
vane	negative	vane
vane	positive	vane
vane	sadness	vane
vane	surprise	vane
vane	trust	vane
receptacle	anger	receptáculo
receptacle	anticipation	de receptáculo
receptacle	disgust	de receptáculo
receptacle	fear	de receptáculo
receptacle	joy	receptáculo
receptacle	negative	de receptáculo
receptacle	positive	de receptáculo
receptacle	sadness	de receptáculo
receptacle	surprise	infidelidad
receptacle	trust	de infidelidad
infidelity	anger	de receptáculo
infidelity	anticipation	de receptáculo
infidelity	disgust	infidelidad
infidelity	fear	de infidelidad
infidelity	joy	de infidelidad
infidelity	negative	de infidelidad
infidelity	positive	infidelidad
infidelity	sadness	de infidelidad
infidelity	surprise	de infidelidad
infidelity	trust	de infidelidad
vignette	anger	vignette
vignette	anticipation	vignette
vignette	disgust	vignette
vignette	fear	vignette
vignette	joy	vignette
vignette	negative	vignette
vignette	positive	vignette
vignette	sadness	vignette
vignette	surprise	vignette
vignette	trust	vignette
sapphire	anger	zafiro
sapphire	anticipation	de zafiro
sapphire	disgust	de zafiro
sapphire	fear	de zafiro
sapphire	joy	zafiro
sapphire	negative	de zafiro
sapphire	positive	de zafiro
sapphire	sadness	de zafiro
sapphire	surprise	zafiro
sapphire	trust	de zafiro
overpass	anger	overpass
overpass	anticipation	overpass
overpass	disgust	overpass
overpass	fear	overpass
overpass	joy	overpass
overpass	negative	overpass
overpass	positive	overpass
overpass	sadness	overpass
overpass	surprise	overpass
overpass	trust	overpass
multiplicity	anger	multiplicidad
multiplicity	anticipation	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	disgust	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	fear	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	joy	multiplicidad
multiplicity	negative	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	positive	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	sadness	de multiplicidad
multiplicity	surprise	férula
multiplicity	trust	de férula
splint	anger	de multiplicidad
splint	anticipation	de multiplicidad
splint	disgust	férula
splint	fear	de férula
splint	joy	de férula
splint	negative	de férula
splint	positive	férula
splint	sadness	de férula
splint	surprise	de férula
splint	trust	de férula
flog	anger	flog
flog	anticipation	flog
flog	disgust	flog
flog	fear	flog
flog	joy	flog
flog	negative	flog
flog	positive	flog
flog	sadness	flog
flog	surprise	flog
flog	trust	flog
induced	anger	indujo
induced	anticipation	inducido
induced	disgust	indujo
induced	fear	inducido
induced	joy	indujo
induced	negative	inducido
induced	positive	indujo
induced	sadness	inducido
induced	surprise	indujo
induced	trust	inducido
unimproved	anger	unimproved
unimproved	anticipation	unimproved
unimproved	disgust	unimproved
unimproved	fear	unimproved
unimproved	joy	unimproved
unimproved	negative	unimproved
unimproved	positive	unimproved
unimproved	sadness	unimproved
unimproved	surprise	unimproved
unimproved	trust	unimproved
null	anger	null
null	anticipation	null
null	disgust	null
null	fear	null
null	joy	null
null	negative	null
null	positive	null
null	sadness	null
null	surprise	null
null	trust	null
coincide	anger	coincidir
coincide	anticipation	coincidir
coincide	disgust	coincidir
coincide	fear	coincidir
coincide	joy	coincidir
coincide	negative	coincidir
coincide	positive	coincidir
coincide	sadness	coincidir
coincide	surprise	coincidir
coincide	trust	coincidir
ferocious	anger	ferocious
ferocious	anticipation	ferocious
ferocious	disgust	ferocious
ferocious	fear	ferocious
ferocious	joy	ferocious
ferocious	negative	ferocious
ferocious	positive	ferocious
ferocious	sadness	ferocious
ferocious	surprise	ferocious
ferocious	trust	ferocious
secretion	anger	secreción
secretion	anticipation	de secreción
secretion	disgust	de secreción
secretion	fear	de secreción
secretion	joy	secreción
secretion	negative	de secreción
secretion	positive	de secreción
secretion	sadness	de secreción
secretion	surprise	pendiente
secretion	trust	de pendiente
slope	anger	de secreción
slope	anticipation	de secreción
slope	disgust	pendiente
slope	fear	de pendiente
slope	joy	de pendiente
slope	negative	de pendiente
slope	positive	pendiente
slope	sadness	de pendiente
slope	surprise	de pendiente
slope	trust	de pendiente
pack	anger	paquete
pack	anticipation	de paquete
pack	disgust	de paquete
pack	fear	de paquete
pack	joy	paquete
pack	negative	de paquete
pack	positive	de paquete
pack	sadness	de paquete
pack	surprise	mediodía
pack	trust	de mediodía
midday	anger	de paquete
midday	anticipation	de paquete
midday	disgust	mediodía
midday	fear	de mediodía
midday	joy	de mediodía
midday	negative	de mediodía
midday	positive	mediodía
midday	sadness	de mediodía
midday	surprise	de mediodía
midday	trust	de mediodía
annular	anger	anular
annular	anticipation	anular
annular	disgust	anular
annular	fear	anular
annular	joy	anular
annular	negative	anular
annular	positive	anular
annular	sadness	anular
annular	surprise	anular
annular	trust	anular
efficacious	anger	efficacious
efficacious	anticipation	efficacious
efficacious	disgust	efficacious
efficacious	fear	efficacious
efficacious	joy	efficacious
efficacious	negative	efficacious
efficacious	positive	efficacious
efficacious	sadness	efficacious
efficacious	surprise	efficacious
efficacious	trust	efficacious
frontispiece	anger	frontispicio
frontispiece	anticipation	de frontispicio
frontispiece	disgust	de frontispicio
frontispiece	fear	de frontispicio
frontispiece	joy	frontispicio
frontispiece	negative	de frontispicio
frontispiece	positive	de frontispicio
frontispiece	sadness	de frontispicio
frontispiece	surprise	caldera
frontispiece	trust	de caldera
boiler	anger	de frontispicio
boiler	anticipation	de frontispicio
boiler	disgust	caldera
boiler	fear	de caldera
boiler	joy	de caldera
boiler	negative	de caldera
boiler	positive	caldera
boiler	sadness	de caldera
boiler	surprise	de caldera
boiler	trust	de caldera
cruelty	anger	crueldad
cruelty	anticipation	de crueldad
cruelty	disgust	de crueldad
cruelty	fear	de crueldad
cruelty	joy	crueldad
cruelty	negative	de crueldad
cruelty	positive	de crueldad
cruelty	sadness	de crueldad
cruelty	surprise	magistrado
cruelty	trust	de magistrado
magistrate	anger	de crueldad
magistrate	anticipation	de crueldad
magistrate	disgust	magistrado
magistrate	fear	de magistrado
magistrate	joy	de magistrado
magistrate	negative	de magistrado
magistrate	positive	magistrado
magistrate	sadness	de magistrado
magistrate	surprise	de magistrado
magistrate	trust	de magistrado
interminable	anger	interminable
interminable	anticipation	interminable
interminable	disgust	interminable
interminable	fear	interminable
interminable	joy	interminable
interminable	negative	interminable
interminable	positive	interminable
interminable	sadness	interminable
interminable	surprise	interminable
interminable	trust	interminable
xenophobia	anger	xenophobia
xenophobia	anticipation	xenophobia
xenophobia	disgust	xenophobia
xenophobia	fear	xenophobia
xenophobia	joy	xenophobia
xenophobia	negative	xenophobia
xenophobia	positive	xenophobia
xenophobia	sadness	xenophobia
xenophobia	surprise	xenophobia
xenophobia	trust	xenophobia
war	anger	guerra
war	anticipation	de guerra
war	disgust	de guerra
war	fear	de guerra
war	joy	guerra
war	negative	de guerra
war	positive	de guerra
war	sadness	de guerra
war	surprise	definición
war	trust	de definición
definition	anger	de guerra
definition	anticipation	de guerra
definition	disgust	definición
definition	fear	de definición
definition	joy	de definición
definition	negative	de definición
definition	positive	definición
definition	sadness	de definición
definition	surprise	de definición
definition	trust	de definición
sedge	anger	sedge
sedge	anticipation	sedge
sedge	disgust	sedge
sedge	fear	sedge
sedge	joy	sedge
sedge	negative	sedge
sedge	positive	sedge
sedge	sadness	sedge
sedge	surprise	sedge
sedge	trust	sedge
babble	anger	babble
babble	anticipation	babble
babble	disgust	babble
babble	fear	babble
babble	joy	babble
babble	negative	babble
babble	positive	babble
babble	sadness	babble
babble	surprise	babble
babble	trust	babble
fairly	anger	bastante
fairly	anticipation	bastante
fairly	disgust	bastante
fairly	fear	bastante
fairly	joy	bastante
fairly	negative	bastante
fairly	positive	bastante
fairly	sadness	bastante
fairly	surprise	bastante
fairly	trust	bastante
pig	anger	cerdo
pig	anticipation	de cerdo
pig	disgust	de cerdo
pig	fear	de cerdo
pig	joy	cerdo
pig	negative	de cerdo
pig	positive	de cerdo
pig	sadness	de cerdo
pig	surprise	abrazo
pig	trust	de abrazo
embrace	anger	de cerdo
embrace	anticipation	de cerdo
embrace	disgust	abrazo
embrace	fear	de abrazo
embrace	joy	de abrazo
embrace	negative	de abrazo
embrace	positive	abrazo
embrace	sadness	de abrazo
embrace	surprise	de abrazo
embrace	trust	de abrazo
bang	anger	estrépito
bang	anticipation	de estrépito
bang	disgust	de estrépito
bang	fear	de estrépito
bang	joy	estrépito
bang	negative	de estrépito
bang	positive	de estrépito
bang	sadness	de estrépito
bang	surprise	estrépito
bang	trust	de estrépito
xerox	anger	xerox
xerox	anticipation	xerox
xerox	disgust	xerox
xerox	fear	xerox
xerox	joy	xerox
xerox	negative	xerox
xerox	positive	xerox
xerox	sadness	xerox
xerox	surprise	xerox
xerox	trust	xerox
belittle	anger	belittle
belittle	anticipation	belittle
belittle	disgust	belittle
belittle	fear	belittle
belittle	joy	belittle
belittle	negative	belittle
belittle	positive	belittle
belittle	sadness	belittle
belittle	surprise	belittle
belittle	trust	belittle
zoom	anger	zum
zoom	anticipation	de zum
zoom	disgust	de zum
zoom	fear	de zum
zoom	joy	zum
zoom	negative	de zum
zoom	positive	de zum
zoom	sadness	de zum
zoom	surprise	zum
zoom	trust	de zum
dislocated	anger	dislocated
dislocated	anticipation	dislocated
dislocated	disgust	dislocated
dislocated	fear	dislocated
dislocated	joy	dislocated
dislocated	negative	dislocated
dislocated	positive	dislocated
dislocated	sadness	dislocated
dislocated	surprise	dislocated
dislocated	trust	dislocated
permutation	anger	permutación
permutation	anticipation	de permutación
permutation	disgust	de permutación
permutation	fear	de permutación
permutation	joy	permutación
permutation	negative	de permutación
permutation	positive	de permutación
permutation	sadness	de permutación
permutation	surprise	diagnosis
permutation	trust	de diagnosis
diagnosis	anger	de permutación
diagnosis	anticipation	de permutación
diagnosis	disgust	diagnosis
diagnosis	fear	de diagnosis
diagnosis	joy	de diagnosis
diagnosis	negative	de diagnosis
diagnosis	positive	diagnosis
diagnosis	sadness	de diagnosis
diagnosis	surprise	de diagnosis
diagnosis	trust	de diagnosis
arrival	anger	llegada
arrival	anticipation	de llegada
arrival	disgust	de llegada
arrival	fear	de llegada
arrival	joy	llegada
arrival	negative	de llegada
arrival	positive	de llegada
arrival	sadness	de llegada
arrival	surprise	llegada
arrival	trust	de llegada
kaleidoscope	anger	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	anticipation	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	disgust	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	fear	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	joy	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	negative	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	positive	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	sadness	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	surprise	kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope	trust	kaleidoscope
swelling	anger	hinchamiento
swelling	anticipation	de hinchamiento
swelling	disgust	de hinchamiento
swelling	fear	de hinchamiento
swelling	joy	hinchamiento
swelling	negative	de hinchamiento
swelling	positive	de hinchamiento
swelling	sadness	de hinchamiento
swelling	surprise	tenedor
swelling	trust	de tenedor
fork	anger	de hinchamiento
fork	anticipation	de hinchamiento
fork	disgust	tenedor
fork	fear	de tenedor
fork	joy	de tenedor
fork	negative	de tenedor
fork	positive	tenedor
fork	sadness	de tenedor
fork	surprise	de tenedor
fork	trust	de tenedor
milestone	anger	hito
milestone	anticipation	de hito
milestone	disgust	de hito
milestone	fear	de hito
milestone	joy	hito
milestone	negative	de hito
milestone	positive	de hito
milestone	sadness	de hito
milestone	surprise	hito
milestone	trust	de hito
barred	anger	barred
barred	anticipation	barred
barred	disgust	barred
barred	fear	barred
barred	joy	barred
barred	negative	barred
barred	positive	barred
barred	sadness	barred
barred	surprise	barred
barred	trust	barred
memorial	anger	conmemorativo
memorial	anticipation	conmemorativo
memorial	disgust	conmemorativo
memorial	fear	conmemorativo
memorial	joy	conmemorativo
memorial	negative	conmemorativo
memorial	positive	conmemorativo
memorial	sadness	conmemorativo
memorial	surprise	conmemorativo
memorial	trust	conmemorativo
peep	anger	peep
peep	anticipation	
peep	disgust	peep
peep	fear	peep
peep	joy	peep
peep	negative	peep
peep	positive	peep
peep	sadness	peep
peep	surprise	peep
peep	trust	peep
acidity	anger	peep
acidity	anticipation	acidez de acidez
acidity	disgust	de acidez
acidity	fear	de acidez
acidity	joy	acidez
acidity	negative	de acidez
acidity	positive	de acidez
acidity	sadness	de acidez
acidity	surprise	labio
acidity	trust	de labio
lip	anger	de acidez
lip	anticipation	de acidez
lip	disgust	labio
lip	fear	de labio
lip	joy	de labio
lip	negative	de labio
lip	positive	labio
lip	sadness	de labio
lip	surprise	de labio
lip	trust	de labio
disguised	anger	disfrazado
disguised	anticipation	disfrazado
disguised	disgust	disfrazado
disguised	fear	disfrazado
disguised	joy	disfrazado
disguised	negative	disfrazado
disguised	positive	disfrazado
disguised	sadness	disfrazado
disguised	surprise	disfrazado
disguised	trust	disfrazado
incurable	anger	incurable
incurable	anticipation	incurable
incurable	disgust	incurable
incurable	fear	incurable
incurable	joy	incurable
incurable	negative	incurable
incurable	positive	incurable
incurable	sadness	ateo
incurable	surprise	de ateo
incurable	trust	incurable
atheist	anger	incurable
atheist	anticipation	incurable
atheist	disgust	ateo
atheist	fear	de ateo
atheist	joy	de ateo
atheist	negative	de ateo
atheist	positive	ateo
atheist	sadness	de ateo
atheist	surprise	de ateo
atheist	trust	de ateo
honey	anger	miel
honey	anticipation	de miel
honey	disgust	de miel
honey	fear	de miel
honey	joy	miel
honey	negative	de miel
honey	positive	de miel
honey	sadness	de miel
honey	surprise	miel
honey	trust	de miel
mesmerized	anger	mesmerized
mesmerized	anticipation	mesmerized
mesmerized	disgust	mesmerized
mesmerized	fear	mesmerized
mesmerized	joy	mesmerized
mesmerized	negative	mesmerized
mesmerized	positive	mesmerized
mesmerized	sadness	mesmerized
mesmerized	surprise	mesmerized
mesmerized	trust	mesmerized
troops	anger	tropas
troops	anticipation	de tropas
troops	disgust	de tropas
troops	fear	de tropas
troops	joy	tropas
troops	negative	de tropas
troops	positive	de tropas
troops	sadness	de tropas
troops	surprise	tumor
troops	trust	de tumor
tumor	anger	de tropas
tumor	anticipation	de tropas
tumor	disgust	tumor
tumor	fear	de tumor
tumor	joy	de tumor
tumor	negative	de tumor
tumor	positive	tumor
tumor	sadness	de tumor
tumor	surprise	de tumor
tumor	trust	de tumor
earthy	anger	grosero
earthy	anticipation	grosero
earthy	disgust	grosero
earthy	fear	grosero
earthy	joy	grosero
earthy	negative	grosero
earthy	positive	grosero
earthy	sadness	grosero
earthy	surprise	grosero
earthy	trust	grosero
garner	anger	garner
garner	anticipation	garner
garner	disgust	garner
garner	fear	garner
garner	joy	garner
garner	negative	garner
garner	positive	garner
garner	sadness	garner
garner	surprise	garner
garner	trust	garner
poll	anger	encuesta
poll	anticipation	de encuesta
poll	disgust	de encuesta
poll	fear	de encuesta
poll	joy	encuesta
poll	negative	de encuesta
poll	positive	de encuesta
poll	sadness	de encuesta
poll	surprise	encuesta
poll	trust	de encuesta
solder	anger	solda
solder	anticipation	soldar
solder	disgust	soldar
solder	fear	soldar
solder	joy	soldar
solder	negative	soldar
solder	positive	soldar
solder	sadness	soldar
solder	surprise	soldar
solder	trust	soldar
incontinence	anger	incontinencia
incontinence	anticipation	de incontinencia
incontinence	disgust	de incontinencia
incontinence	fear	de incontinencia
incontinence	joy	incontinencia
incontinence	negative	de incontinencia
incontinence	positive	de incontinencia
incontinence	sadness	de incontinencia
incontinence	surprise	productor
incontinence	trust	de productor
producer	anger	de incontinencia
producer	anticipation	de incontinencia
producer	disgust	productor
producer	fear	de productor
producer	joy	de productor
producer	negative	de productor
producer	positive	productor
producer	sadness	de productor
producer	surprise	de productor
producer	trust	de productor
brocade	anger	brocado
brocade	anticipation	de brocado
brocade	disgust	de brocado
brocade	fear	de brocado
brocade	joy	brocado
brocade	negative	de brocado
brocade	positive	de brocado
brocade	sadness	de brocado
brocade	surprise	brocado
brocade	trust	de brocado
blazing	anger	abrasador
blazing	anticipation	abrasador
blazing	disgust	abrasador
blazing	fear	abrasador
blazing	joy	abrasador
blazing	negative	abrasador
blazing	positive	abrasador
blazing	sadness	serial
blazing	surprise	de serial
blazing	trust	abrasador
serial	anger	abrasador
serial	anticipation	abrasador
serial	disgust	serial
serial	fear	de serial
serial	joy	de serial
serial	negative	de serial
serial	positive	serial
serial	sadness	de serial
serial	surprise	de serial
serial	trust	de serial
dictum	anger	dictum
dictum	anticipation	dictum
dictum	disgust	dictum
dictum	fear	dictum
dictum	joy	dictum
dictum	negative	dictum
dictum	positive	dictum
dictum	sadness	dictum
dictum	surprise	dictum
dictum	trust	dictum
grass	anger	hierba
grass	anticipation	de hierba
grass	disgust	de hierba
grass	fear	de hierba
grass	joy	hierba
grass	negative	de hierba
grass	positive	de hierba
grass	sadness	de hierba
grass	surprise	hierba
grass	trust	de hierba
carelessness	anger	carelessness
carelessness	anticipation	carelessness
carelessness	disgust	carelessness
carelessness	fear	carelessness
carelessness	joy	carelessness
carelessness	negative	carelessness
carelessness	positive	carelessness
carelessness	sadness	carelessness
carelessness	surprise	carelessness
carelessness	trust	carelessness
tryout	anger	tryout
tryout	anticipation	tryout
tryout	disgust	tryout
tryout	fear	tryout
tryout	joy	tryout
tryout	negative	tryout
tryout	positive	tryout
tryout	sadness	tryout
tryout	surprise	tryout
tryout	trust	tryout
aggregation	anger	agregación
aggregation	anticipation	de agregación
aggregation	disgust	de agregación
aggregation	fear	de agregación
aggregation	joy	agregación
aggregation	negative	de agregación
aggregation	positive	de agregación
aggregation	sadness	de agregación
aggregation	surprise	agregación
aggregation	trust	de agregación
foamy	anger	foamy
foamy	anticipation	foamy
foamy	disgust	foamy
foamy	fear	foamy
foamy	joy	foamy
foamy	negative	foamy
foamy	positive	foamy
foamy	sadness	foamy
foamy	surprise	foamy
foamy	trust	foamy
indemnify	anger	indemnizar
indemnify	anticipation	indemnizar
indemnify	disgust	indemnizar
indemnify	fear	indemnizar
indemnify	joy	indemnizar
indemnify	negative	indemnizar
indemnify	positive	indemnizar
indemnify	sadness	indemnizar
indemnify	surprise	indemnizar
indemnify	trust	indemnizar
opener	anger	abridor
opener	anticipation	de abridor
opener	disgust	de abridor
opener	fear	de abridor
opener	joy	abridor
opener	negative	de abridor
opener	positive	de abridor
opener	sadness	de abridor
opener	surprise	abridor
opener	trust	de abridor
monthly	anger	mensual
monthly	anticipation	mensual
monthly	disgust	mensual
monthly	fear	mensual
monthly	joy	mensual
monthly	negative	mensual
monthly	positive	mensual
monthly	sadness	mensual
monthly	surprise	mensual
monthly	trust	mensual
sour	anger	ácido
sour	anticipation	ácido
sour	disgust	ácido
sour	fear	ácido
sour	joy	ácido
sour	negative	ácido
sour	positive	ácido
sour	sadness	bulldozer
sour	surprise	de bulldozer
sour	trust	ácido
bulldozer	anger	ácido
bulldozer	anticipation	ácido
bulldozer	disgust	bulldozer
bulldozer	fear	de bulldozer
bulldozer	joy	de bulldozer
bulldozer	negative	de bulldozer
bulldozer	positive	bulldozer
bulldozer	sadness	de bulldozer
bulldozer	surprise	de bulldozer
bulldozer	trust	de bulldozer
cycle	anger	ciclo
cycle	anticipation	de ciclo
cycle	disgust	de ciclo
cycle	fear	de ciclo
cycle	joy	ciclo
cycle	negative	de ciclo
cycle	positive	de ciclo
cycle	sadness	de ciclo
cycle	surprise	ciclo
cycle	trust	de ciclo
afresh	anger	afresh
afresh	anticipation	afresh
afresh	disgust	afresh
afresh	fear	afresh
afresh	joy	afresh
afresh	negative	afresh
afresh	positive	afresh
afresh	sadness	afresh
afresh	surprise	afresh
afresh	trust	afresh
convene	anger	convene
convene	anticipation	convene
convene	disgust	convene
convene	fear	convene
convene	joy	convene
convene	negative	convene
convene	positive	convene
convene	sadness	convene
convene	surprise	convene
convene	trust	convene
inaugurate	anger	inaugurar
inaugurate	anticipation	inaugurar
inaugurate	disgust	inaugurar
inaugurate	fear	inaugurar
inaugurate	joy	inaugurar
inaugurate	negative	inaugurar
inaugurate	positive	inaugurar
inaugurate	sadness	inaugurar
inaugurate	surprise	inaugurar
inaugurate	trust	inaugurar
transatlantic	anger	transatlántico
transatlantic	anticipation	transatlántico
transatlantic	disgust	transatlántico
transatlantic	fear	transatlántico
transatlantic	joy	transatlántico
transatlantic	negative	transatlántico
transatlantic	positive	transatlántico
transatlantic	sadness	opciones
transatlantic	surprise	de opciones
transatlantic	trust	transatlánticas
options	anger	transatlánticas
options	anticipation	transatlánticas
options	disgust	opciones
options	fear	de opciones
options	joy	de opciones
options	negative	de opciones
options	positive	opciones
options	sadness	de opciones
options	surprise	de opciones
options	trust	de opciones
arable	anger	cultivables
arable	anticipation	cultivables
arable	disgust	cultivables
arable	fear	cultivables
arable	joy	cultivables
arable	negative	cultivables
arable	positive	cultivables
arable	sadness	cultivables
arable	surprise	cultivables
arable	trust	cultivables
ell	anger	ell
ell	anticipation	ell
ell	disgust	ell
ell	fear	ell
ell	joy	ell
ell	negative	ell
ell	positive	ell
ell	sadness	ell
ell	surprise	ell
ell	trust	ell
volition	anger	volition
volition	anticipation	volition
volition	disgust	volition
volition	fear	volition
volition	joy	volition
volition	negative	volition
volition	positive	volition
volition	sadness	volition
volition	surprise	volition
volition	trust	volition
sloth	anger	sloth
sloth	anticipation	sloth
sloth	disgust	sloth
sloth	fear	sloth
sloth	joy	sloth
sloth	negative	sloth
sloth	positive	sloth
sloth	sadness	sloth
sloth	surprise	sloth
sloth	trust	sloth
parse	anger	parse
parse	anticipation	parse
parse	disgust	parse
parse	fear	parse
parse	joy	parse
parse	negative	parse
parse	positive	parse
parse	sadness	parse
parse	surprise	parse
parse	trust	parse
wishful	anger	wishful
wishful	anticipation	wishful
wishful	disgust	wishful
wishful	fear	wishful
wishful	joy	wishful
wishful	negative	wishful
wishful	positive	wishful
wishful	sadness	wishful
wishful	surprise	wishful
wishful	trust	wishful
incarceration	anger	incarceration
incarceration	anticipation	incarceration
incarceration	disgust	incarceration
incarceration	fear	incarceration
incarceration	joy	incarceration
incarceration	negative	incarceration
incarceration	positive	incarceration
incarceration	sadness	incarceration
incarceration	surprise	incarceration
incarceration	trust	incarceration
duress	anger	duress
duress	anticipation	duress
duress	disgust	duress
duress	fear	duress
duress	joy	duress
duress	negative	duress
duress	positive	duress
duress	sadness	duress
duress	surprise	duress
duress	trust	duress
hoy	anger	hoy
hoy	anticipation	hoy
hoy	disgust	hoy
hoy	fear	hoy
hoy	joy	hoy
hoy	negative	hoy
hoy	positive	hoy
hoy	sadness	hoy
hoy	surprise	hoy
hoy	trust	hoy
pity	anger	lástima
pity	anticipation	de lástima
pity	disgust	de lástima
pity	fear	de lástima
pity	joy	lástima
pity	negative	de lástima
pity	positive	de lástima
pity	sadness	de lástima
pity	surprise	lástima
pity	trust	de lástima
allotment	anger	allotment
allotment	anticipation	allotment
allotment	disgust	allotment
allotment	fear	allotment
allotment	joy	allotment
allotment	negative	allotment
allotment	positive	allotment
allotment	sadness	allotment
allotment	surprise	allotment
allotment	trust	allotment
landslide	anger	derrumbe
landslide	anticipation	de derrumbe
landslide	disgust	de derrumbe
landslide	fear	de derrumbe
landslide	joy	derrumbe
landslide	negative	de derrumbe
landslide	positive	de derrumbe
landslide	sadness	de derrumbe
landslide	surprise	inflamación
landslide	trust	de inflamación
inflammation	anger	de derrumbe
inflammation	anticipation	de derrumbe
inflammation	disgust	inflamación
inflammation	fear	de inflamación
inflammation	joy	de inflamación
inflammation	negative	de inflamación
inflammation	positive	inflamación
inflammation	sadness	de inflamación
inflammation	surprise	de inflamación
inflammation	trust	de inflamación
joint	anger	junta
joint	anticipation	de junta
joint	disgust	de junta
joint	fear	de junta
joint	joy	junta
joint	negative	de junta
joint	positive	de junta
joint	sadness	de junta
joint	surprise	junta
joint	trust	de junta
didactic	anger	didáctica
didactic	anticipation	didáctico
didactic	disgust	didáctico
didactic	fear	didáctico
didactic	joy	didáctico
didactic	negative	didáctico
didactic	positive	didáctico
didactic	sadness	mandato
didactic	surprise	de mandato
didactic	trust	didáctico
mandate	anger	didáctico
mandate	anticipation	didáctico
mandate	disgust	mandato
mandate	fear	de mandato
mandate	joy	de mandato
mandate	negative	de mandato
mandate	positive	mandato
mandate	sadness	de mandato
mandate	surprise	de mandato
mandate	trust	de mandato
repository	anger	repository
repository	anticipation	repository
repository	disgust	repository
repository	fear	repository
repository	joy	repository
repository	negative	repository
repository	positive	repository
repository	sadness	repository
repository	surprise	repository
repository	trust	repository
housekeeper	anger	housekeeper
housekeeper	anticipation	housekeeper
housekeeper	disgust	housekeeper
housekeeper	fear	housekeeper
housekeeper	joy	housekeeper
housekeeper	negative	housekeeper
housekeeper	positive	housekeeper
housekeeper	sadness	housekeeper
housekeeper	surprise	housekeeper
housekeeper	trust	housekeeper
regency	anger	regencia
regency	anticipation	de regencia
regency	disgust	de regencia
regency	fear	de regencia
regency	joy	regencia
regency	negative	de regencia
regency	positive	de regencia
regency	sadness	de regencia
regency	surprise	filtro
regency	trust	de filtro
filter	anger	de regencia
filter	anticipation	de regencia
filter	disgust	filtro
filter	fear	de filtro
filter	joy	de filtro
filter	negative	de filtro
filter	positive	filtro
filter	sadness	de filtro
filter	surprise	de filtro
filter	trust	de filtro
satisfied	anger	satisfecho
satisfied	anticipation	satisfecho
satisfied	disgust	satisfecho
satisfied	fear	satisfecho
satisfied	joy	satisfecho
satisfied	negative	satisfecho
satisfied	positive	satisfecho
satisfied	sadness	satisfecho
satisfied	surprise	satisfecho
satisfied	trust	satisfecho
colonial	anger	colonial
colonial	anticipation	colonial
colonial	disgust	colonial
colonial	fear	colonial
colonial	joy	colonial
colonial	negative	colonial
colonial	positive	colonial
colonial	sadness	novedad
colonial	surprise	de novedad
colonial	trust	colonial
novelty	anger	colonial
novelty	anticipation	colonial
novelty	disgust	novedad
novelty	fear	de novedad
novelty	joy	de novedad
novelty	negative	de novedad
novelty	positive	novedad
novelty	sadness	de novedad
novelty	surprise	de novedad
novelty	trust	de novedad
leak	anger	filtración
leak	anticipation	de filtración
leak	disgust	de filtración
leak	fear	de filtración
leak	joy	filtración
leak	negative	de filtración
leak	positive	de filtración
leak	sadness	de filtración
leak	surprise	promoción
leak	trust	de promoción
promotion	anger	de filtración
promotion	anticipation	de filtración
promotion	disgust	promoción
promotion	fear	de promoción
promotion	joy	de promoción
promotion	negative	de promoción
promotion	positive	promoción
promotion	sadness	de promoción
promotion	surprise	de promoción
promotion	trust	de promoción
subsidize	anger	subvenciona
subsidize	anticipation	subvencionar
subsidize	disgust	subvencionar
subsidize	fear	subvencionar
subsidize	joy	subvencionar
subsidize	negative	subvencionar
subsidize	positive	subvencionar
subsidize	sadness	subvencionar
subsidize	surprise	subvencionar
subsidize	trust	subvencionar
aura	anger	aura
aura	anticipation	de aura
aura	disgust	de aura
aura	fear	de aura
aura	joy	aura
aura	negative	de aura
aura	positive	de aura
aura	sadness	de aura
aura	surprise	aura
aura	trust	de aura que
carrying	anger	lleva
carrying	anticipation	llevando
carrying	disgust	llevando
carrying	fear	llevando
carrying	joy	llevando
carrying	negative	llevando
carrying	positive	llevando
carrying	sadness	llevando
carrying	surprise	llevando
carrying	trust	llevando
manufacturer	anger	fabricante
manufacturer	anticipation	de fabricante
manufacturer	disgust	de fabricante
manufacturer	fear	de fabricante
manufacturer	joy	fabricante
manufacturer	negative	de fabricante
manufacturer	positive	de fabricante
manufacturer	sadness	de fabricante
manufacturer	surprise	fabricante
manufacturer	trust	de fabricante
overt	anger	overt
overt	anticipation	overt
overt	disgust	overt
overt	fear	overt
overt	joy	overt
overt	negative	overt
overt	positive	overt
overt	sadness	overt
overt	surprise	overt
overt	trust	overt
husky	anger	husky
husky	anticipation	husky
husky	disgust	husky
husky	fear	husky
husky	joy	husky
husky	negative	husky
husky	positive	husky
husky	sadness	husky
husky	surprise	husky
husky	trust	husky
speck	anger	speck
speck	anticipation	speck
speck	disgust	speck
speck	fear	speck
speck	joy	speck
speck	negative	speck
speck	positive	speck
speck	sadness	speck
speck	surprise	speck
speck	trust	speck
whore	anger	whore
whore	anticipation	whore
whore	disgust	whore
whore	fear	whore
whore	joy	whore
whore	negative	whore
whore	positive	whore
whore	sadness	whore
whore	surprise	whore
whore	trust	whore
emotional	anger	emocional
emotional	anticipation	emocional
emotional	disgust	emocional
emotional	fear	emocional
emotional	joy	emocional
emotional	negative	emocional
emotional	positive	emocional
emotional	sadness	emocional
emotional	surprise	emocional
emotional	trust	emocional
momentous	anger	trascendental
momentous	anticipation	trascendental
momentous	disgust	trascendental
momentous	fear	trascendental
momentous	joy	trascendental
momentous	negative	trascendental
momentous	positive	trascendental
momentous	sadness	trascendental
momentous	surprise	trascendental
momentous	trust	trascendental
segregated	anger	segregated
segregated	anticipation	segregated
segregated	disgust	segregated
segregated	fear	segregated
segregated	joy	segregated
segregated	negative	segregated
segregated	positive	segregated
segregated	sadness	segregated
segregated	surprise	segregated
segregated	trust	segregated
bowl	anger	bol
bowl	anticipation	de bol
bowl	disgust	de bol
bowl	fear	de bol
bowl	joy	bol
bowl	negative	de bol
bowl	positive	de bol
bowl	sadness	de bol
bowl	surprise	bol
bowl	trust	de bol que
kicking	anger	chuta
kicking	anticipation	chutando
kicking	disgust	chutando
kicking	fear	chutando
kicking	joy	chutando
kicking	negative	chutando
kicking	positive	chutando
kicking	sadness	chutando
kicking	surprise	chutando
kicking	trust	chutando
media	anger	medios de comunicación
media	anticipation	de medios de comunicación
media	disgust	de medios de comunicación
media	fear	de medios de comunicación
media	joy	medios de comunicación
media	negative	de medios de comunicación
media	positive	de medios de comunicación
media	sadness	de medios de comunicación
media	surprise	medios de comunicación
media	trust	de medios de comunicación
clutch	anger	clutch
clutch	anticipation	clutch
clutch	disgust	clutch
clutch	fear	clutch
clutch	joy	clutch
clutch	negative	clutch
clutch	positive	clutch
clutch	sadness	clutch
clutch	surprise	clutch
clutch	trust	clutch
radiation	anger	radiación
radiation	anticipation	de radiación
radiation	disgust	de radiación
radiation	fear	de radiación
radiation	joy	radiación
radiation	negative	de radiación
radiation	positive	de radiación
radiation	sadness	de radiación
radiation	surprise	radiación
radiation	trust	de radiación
pitted	anger	enfrentó
pitted	anticipation	enfrentada
pitted	disgust	enfrentó
pitted	fear	enfrentado
pitted	joy	enfrentó
pitted	negative	enfrentado
pitted	positive	enfrentó
pitted	sadness	enfrentado
pitted	surprise	enfrentó
pitted	trust	enfrentado
pip	anger	pip
pip	anticipation	pip
pip	disgust	pip
pip	fear	pip
pip	joy	pip
pip	negative	pip
pip	positive	pip
pip	sadness	pip
pip	surprise	pip
pip	trust	pip
distaste	anger	distaste
distaste	anticipation	distaste
distaste	disgust	distaste
distaste	fear	distaste
distaste	joy	distaste
distaste	negative	distaste
distaste	positive	distaste
distaste	sadness	distaste
distaste	surprise	distaste
distaste	trust	distaste
unequivocally	anger	unequivocally
unequivocally	anticipation	unequivocally
unequivocally	disgust	unequivocally
unequivocally	fear	unequivocally
unequivocally	joy	unequivocally
unequivocally	negative	unequivocally
unequivocally	positive	unequivocally
unequivocally	sadness	unequivocally
unequivocally	surprise	unequivocally
unequivocally	trust	unequivocally
winding	anger	winding
winding	anticipation	winding
winding	disgust	winding
winding	fear	winding
winding	joy	winding
winding	negative	winding
winding	positive	winding
winding	sadness	winding
winding	surprise	winding
winding	trust	winding
pick	anger	elegir
pick	anticipation	elegir
pick	disgust	elegir
pick	fear	elegir
pick	joy	elegir
pick	negative	elegir
pick	positive	elegir
pick	sadness	elegir
pick	surprise	elegir
pick	trust	elegir
manly	anger	manly
manly	anticipation	manly
manly	disgust	manly
manly	fear	manly
manly	joy	manly
manly	negative	manly
manly	positive	manly
manly	sadness	manly
manly	surprise	manly
manly	trust	manly
main	anger	principal
main	anticipation	principal
main	disgust	principal
main	fear	principal
main	joy	principal
main	negative	principal
main	positive	principal
main	sadness	mañana
main	surprise	de mañana
main	trust	principal
morning	anger	principal
morning	anticipation	principal
morning	disgust	mañana
morning	fear	de mañana
morning	joy	de mañana
morning	negative	de mañana
morning	positive	mañana
morning	sadness	de mañana
morning	surprise	de mañana
morning	trust	de mañana
titty	anger	titty
titty	anticipation	titty
titty	disgust	titty
titty	fear	titty
titty	joy	titty
titty	negative	titty
titty	positive	titty
titty	sadness	titty
titty	surprise	titty
titty	trust	titty
husk	anger	husk
husk	anticipation	husk
husk	disgust	husk
husk	fear	husk
husk	joy	husk
husk	negative	husk
husk	positive	husk
husk	sadness	husk
husk	surprise	husk
husk	trust	husk
runway	anger	pasarela
runway	anticipation	de pasarela
runway	disgust	de pasarela
runway	fear	de pasarela
runway	joy	pasarela
runway	negative	de pasarela
runway	positive	de pasarela
runway	sadness	de pasarela
runway	surprise	alud
runway	trust	de alud
avalanche	anger	de pasarela
avalanche	anticipation	de pasarela
avalanche	disgust	alud
avalanche	fear	de alud
avalanche	joy	de alud
avalanche	negative	de alud
avalanche	positive	alud
avalanche	sadness	de alud
avalanche	surprise	de alud
avalanche	trust	de alud
expository	anger	expository
expository	anticipation	expository
expository	disgust	expository
expository	fear	expository
expository	joy	expository
expository	negative	expository
expository	positive	expository
expository	sadness	expository
expository	surprise	expository
expository	trust	expository
fairway	anger	fairway
fairway	anticipation	fairway
fairway	disgust	fairway
fairway	fear	fairway
fairway	joy	fairway
fairway	negative	fairway
fairway	positive	fairway
fairway	sadness	fairway
fairway	surprise	fairway
fairway	trust	fairway
fantasia	anger	fantasia
fantasia	anticipation	fantasia
fantasia	disgust	fantasia
fantasia	fear	fantasia
fantasia	joy	fantasia
fantasia	negative	fantasia
fantasia	positive	fantasia
fantasia	sadness	fantasia
fantasia	surprise	fantasia
fantasia	trust	fantasia
quorum	anger	quórum
quorum	anticipation	de quórum
quorum	disgust	de quórum
quorum	fear	de quórum
quorum	joy	quórum
quorum	negative	de quórum
quorum	positive	de quórum
quorum	sadness	de quórum
quorum	surprise	piedad
quorum	trust	de piedad
mercy	anger	de quórum
mercy	anticipation	de quórum
mercy	disgust	piedad
mercy	fear	de piedad
mercy	joy	de piedad
mercy	negative	de piedad
mercy	positive	piedad
mercy	sadness	de piedad
mercy	surprise	de piedad
mercy	trust	de piedad
unverified	anger	unverified
unverified	anticipation	unverified
unverified	disgust	unverified
unverified	fear	unverified
unverified	joy	unverified
unverified	negative	unverified
unverified	positive	unverified
unverified	sadness	unverified
unverified	surprise	unverified
unverified	trust	unverified
edict	anger	edicto
edict	anticipation	de edicto
edict	disgust	de edicto
edict	fear	de edicto
edict	joy	edicto
edict	negative	de edicto
edict	positive	de edicto
edict	sadness	de edicto
edict	surprise	edicto
edict	trust	de edicto
innocuous	anger	inocuo
innocuous	anticipation	inocuo
innocuous	disgust	inocuo
innocuous	fear	inocuo
innocuous	joy	inocuo
innocuous	negative	inocuo
innocuous	positive	inocuo
innocuous	sadness	ventrículo
innocuous	surprise	de ventrículo
innocuous	trust	inocuo
ventricle	anger	inocuo
ventricle	anticipation	inocuo
ventricle	disgust	ventrículo
ventricle	fear	de ventrículo
ventricle	joy	de ventrículo
ventricle	negative	de ventrículo
ventricle	positive	ventrículo
ventricle	sadness	de ventrículo
ventricle	surprise	de ventrículo
ventricle	trust	de ventrículo
trillion	anger	billones
trillion	anticipation	billones
trillion	disgust	billones
trillion	fear	billones
trillion	joy	billones
trillion	negative	billones
trillion	positive	billones
trillion	sadness	billones
trillion	surprise	billones
trillion	trust	billones
defiant	anger	desafiante
defiant	anticipation	desafiante
defiant	disgust	desafiante
defiant	fear	desafiante
defiant	joy	desafiante
defiant	negative	desafiante
defiant	positive	desafiante
defiant	sadness	desafiante
defiant	surprise	desafiante
defiant	trust	desafiante
coaster	anger	coaster
coaster	anticipation	coaster
coaster	disgust	coaster
coaster	fear	coaster
coaster	joy	coaster
coaster	negative	coaster
coaster	positive	coaster
coaster	sadness	coaster
coaster	surprise	coaster
coaster	trust	coaster
blue	anger	azul
blue	anticipation	azul
blue	disgust	azul
blue	fear	azul
blue	joy	azul
blue	negative	azul
blue	positive	azul
blue	sadness	correo
blue	surprise	de correo
blue	trust	azul
mail	anger	azul
mail	anticipation	azul
mail	disgust	correo
mail	fear	de correo
mail	joy	de correo
mail	negative	de correo
mail	positive	correo
mail	sadness	de correo
mail	surprise	de correo
mail	trust	de correo
advice	anger	consejo
advice	anticipation	de consejo
advice	disgust	de consejo
advice	fear	de consejo
advice	joy	consejo
advice	negative	de consejo
advice	positive	de consejo
advice	sadness	de consejo
advice	surprise	consejo
advice	trust	de consejo
relics	anger	relics
relics	anticipation	relics
relics	disgust	relics
relics	fear	relics
relics	joy	relics
relics	negative	relics
relics	positive	relics
relics	sadness	relics
relics	surprise	relics
relics	trust	relics
centrifugal	anger	centrífugo
centrifugal	anticipation	centrífugo
centrifugal	disgust	centrífugo
centrifugal	fear	centrífugo
centrifugal	joy	centrífugo
centrifugal	negative	centrífugo
centrifugal	positive	centrífugo
centrifugal	sadness	centrífugo
centrifugal	surprise	centrífugo
centrifugal	trust	centrífugo
drained	anger	drenó
drained	anticipation	drenado
drained	disgust	drenó
drained	fear	drenado
drained	joy	drenó
drained	negative	drenado
drained	positive	drenó
drained	sadness	drenado
drained	surprise	drenó
drained	trust	drenado
jockey	anger	jockey
jockey	anticipation	jockey
jockey	disgust	jockey
jockey	fear	jockey
jockey	joy	jockey
jockey	negative	jockey
jockey	positive	jockey
jockey	sadness	jockey
jockey	surprise	jockey
jockey	trust	jockey
receiving	anger	recibiendo
receiving	anticipation	recibiendo
receiving	disgust	recibiendo
receiving	fear	recibiendo
receiving	joy	recibiendo
receiving	negative	recibiendo
receiving	positive	recibiendo
receiving	sadness	recibiendo
receiving	surprise	recibiendo
receiving	trust	recibiendo
corroboration	anger	corroboración
corroboration	anticipation	de corroboración
corroboration	disgust	de corroboración
corroboration	fear	de corroboración
corroboration	joy	corroboración
corroboration	negative	de corroboración
corroboration	positive	de corroboración
corroboration	sadness	de corroboración
corroboration	surprise	corroboración
corroboration	trust	de corroboración
dandruff	anger	dandruff
dandruff	anticipation	dandruff
dandruff	disgust	dandruff
dandruff	fear	dandruff
dandruff	joy	dandruff
dandruff	negative	dandruff
dandruff	positive	dandruff
dandruff	sadness	dandruff
dandruff	surprise	dandruff
dandruff	trust	dandruff
sorrow	anger	sorrow
sorrow	anticipation	sorrow
sorrow	disgust	sorrow
sorrow	fear	sorrow
sorrow	joy	sorrow
sorrow	negative	sorrow
sorrow	positive	sorrow
sorrow	sadness	sorrow
sorrow	surprise	sorrow
sorrow	trust	sorrow
excellent	anger	excelente
excellent	anticipation	excelente
excellent	disgust	excelente
excellent	fear	excelente
excellent	joy	excelente
excellent	negative	excelente
excellent	positive	excelente
excellent	sadness	escape
excellent	surprise	de escape
excellent	trust	excelente
leakage	anger	excelente
leakage	anticipation	excelente
leakage	disgust	escape
leakage	fear	de escape
leakage	joy	de escape
leakage	negative	de escape
leakage	positive	escape
leakage	sadness	de escape
leakage	surprise	de escape
leakage	trust	de escape que
distracting	anger	distrae
distracting	anticipation	distrayendo
distracting	disgust	distrayendo
distracting	fear	distrayendo
distracting	joy	distrayendo
distracting	negative	distrayendo
distracting	positive	distrayendo
distracting	sadness	distrayendo
distracting	surprise	distrayendo
distracting	trust	distrayendo
dilution	anger	dilución
dilution	anticipation	de dilución
dilution	disgust	de dilución
dilution	fear	de dilución
dilution	joy	dilución
dilution	negative	de dilución
dilution	positive	de dilución
dilution	sadness	de dilución
dilution	surprise	dilución
dilution	trust	de dilución que
crumbling	anger	desmenuza
crumbling	anticipation	desmenuzando
crumbling	disgust	desmenuzando
crumbling	fear	desmenuzando
crumbling	joy	desmenuzando
crumbling	negative	desmenuzando
crumbling	positive	desmenuzando
crumbling	sadness	desmenuzando
crumbling	surprise	desmenuzando
crumbling	trust	desmenuzando
cage	anger	jaula
cage	anticipation	de jaula
cage	disgust	de jaula
cage	fear	de jaula
cage	joy	jaula
cage	negative	de jaula
cage	positive	de jaula
cage	sadness	de jaula
cage	surprise	jaula
cage	trust	de jaula
patronize	anger	patronize
patronize	anticipation	patronize
patronize	disgust	patronize
patronize	fear	patronize
patronize	joy	patronize
patronize	negative	patronize
patronize	positive	patronize
patronize	sadness	patronize
patronize	surprise	patronize
patronize	trust	patronize
corruption	anger	corrupción
corruption	anticipation	de corrupción
corruption	disgust	de corrupción
corruption	fear	de corrupción
corruption	joy	corrupción
corruption	negative	de corrupción
corruption	positive	de corrupción
corruption	sadness	de corrupción
corruption	surprise	mercancía
corruption	trust	de mercancía
commodity	anger	de corrupción
commodity	anticipation	de corrupción
commodity	disgust	mercancía
commodity	fear	de mercancía
commodity	joy	de mercancía
commodity	negative	de mercancía
commodity	positive	mercancía
commodity	sadness	de mercancía
commodity	surprise	de mercancía
commodity	trust	de mercancía
puke	anger	puke
puke	anticipation	puke
puke	disgust	puke
puke	fear	puke
puke	joy	puke
puke	negative	puke
puke	positive	puke
puke	sadness	puke
puke	surprise	puke
puke	trust	puke
date	anger	fecha
date	anticipation	de fecha
date	disgust	de fecha
date	fear	de fecha
date	joy	fecha
date	negative	de fecha
date	positive	de fecha
date	sadness	de fecha
date	surprise	arco
date	trust	de arco
arch	anger	de fecha
arch	anticipation	de fecha
arch	disgust	arco
arch	fear	de arco
arch	joy	de arco
arch	negative	de arco
arch	positive	arco
arch	sadness	de arco
arch	surprise	de arco
arch	trust	de arco
grader	anger	grader
grader	anticipation	grader
grader	disgust	grader
grader	fear	grader
grader	joy	grader
grader	negative	grader
grader	positive	grader
grader	sadness	grader
grader	surprise	grader
grader	trust	grader
meal	anger	comida
meal	anticipation	de comida
meal	disgust	de comida
meal	fear	de comida
meal	joy	comida
meal	negative	de comida
meal	positive	de comida
meal	sadness	de comida
meal	surprise	comida
meal	trust	de comida
skim	anger	skim
skim	anticipation	skim
skim	disgust	skim
skim	fear	skim
skim	joy	skim
skim	negative	skim
skim	positive	skim
skim	sadness	skim
skim	surprise	skim
skim	trust	skim
opening	anger	de apertura
opening	anticipation	de apertura
opening	disgust	de apertura
opening	fear	de apertura
opening	joy	de apertura
opening	negative	de apertura
opening	positive	de apertura
opening	sadness	de apertura
opening	surprise	de apertura
opening	trust	de apertura
exclaim	anger	exclamar
exclaim	anticipation	exclamar
exclaim	disgust	exclamar
exclaim	fear	exclamar
exclaim	joy	exclamar
exclaim	negative	exclamar
exclaim	positive	exclamar
exclaim	sadness	exclamar
exclaim	surprise	exclamar
exclaim	trust	exclamar
median	anger	median
median	anticipation	median
median	disgust	median
median	fear	median
median	joy	median
median	negative	median
median	positive	median
median	sadness	median
median	surprise	median
median	trust	median
oriental	anger	oriental
oriental	anticipation	oriental
oriental	disgust	oriental
oriental	fear	oriental
oriental	joy	oriental
oriental	negative	oriental
oriental	positive	oriental
oriental	sadness	alfabeto
oriental	surprise	de alfabeto
oriental	trust	oriental
alphabet	anger	oriental
alphabet	anticipation	oriental
alphabet	disgust	alfabeto
alphabet	fear	de alfabeto
alphabet	joy	de alfabeto
alphabet	negative	de alfabeto
alphabet	positive	alfabeto
alphabet	sadness	de alfabeto
alphabet	surprise	de alfabeto
alphabet	trust	de alfabeto
unacceptable	anger	inaceptable
unacceptable	anticipation	inaceptable
unacceptable	disgust	inaceptable
unacceptable	fear	inaceptable
unacceptable	joy	inaceptable
unacceptable	negative	inaceptable
unacceptable	positive	inaceptable
unacceptable	sadness	otoño
unacceptable	surprise	de otoño
unacceptable	trust	inaceptable
autumn	anger	inaceptable
autumn	anticipation	inaceptable
autumn	disgust	otoño
autumn	fear	de otoño
autumn	joy	de otoño
autumn	negative	de otoño
autumn	positive	otoño
autumn	sadness	de otoño
autumn	surprise	de otoño
autumn	trust	de otoño
oblige	anger	obliga
oblige	anticipation	obligar
oblige	disgust	obligar
oblige	fear	obligar
oblige	joy	obligar
oblige	negative	obligar
oblige	positive	obligar
oblige	sadness	obligar
oblige	surprise	obligar
oblige	trust	obligar
refuge	anger	refuge
refuge	anticipation	refuge
refuge	disgust	refuge
refuge	fear	refuge
refuge	joy	refuge
refuge	negative	refuge
refuge	positive	refuge
refuge	sadness	refuge
refuge	surprise	refuge
refuge	trust	refuge
agglomeration	anger	aglomeración
agglomeration	anticipation	de aglomeración
agglomeration	disgust	de aglomeración
agglomeration	fear	de aglomeración
agglomeration	joy	aglomeración
agglomeration	negative	de aglomeración
agglomeration	positive	de aglomeración
agglomeration	sadness	de aglomeración
agglomeration	surprise	aglomeración
agglomeration	trust	de aglomeración
conventional	anger	convencional
conventional	anticipation	convencional
conventional	disgust	convencional
conventional	fear	convencional
conventional	joy	convencional
conventional	negative	convencional
conventional	positive	convencional
conventional	sadness	ira
conventional	surprise	de ira
conventional	trust	convencional
wrath	anger	convencional
wrath	anticipation	convencional
wrath	disgust	ira
wrath	fear	de ira
wrath	joy	de ira
wrath	negative	de ira
wrath	positive	ira
wrath	sadness	de ira
wrath	surprise	de ira
wrath	trust	de ira
marble	anger	mármol
marble	anticipation	de mármol
marble	disgust	de mármol
marble	fear	de mármol
marble	joy	mármol
marble	negative	de mármol
marble	positive	de mármol
marble	sadness	de mármol
marble	surprise	normalidad
marble	trust	de normalidad
normality	anger	de mármol
normality	anticipation	de mármol
normality	disgust	normalidad
normality	fear	de normalidad
normality	joy	de normalidad
normality	negative	de normalidad
normality	positive	normalidad
normality	sadness	de normalidad
normality	surprise	de normalidad
normality	trust	de normalidad
forceps	anger	fórceps
forceps	anticipation	de fórceps
forceps	disgust	de fórceps
forceps	fear	de fórceps
forceps	joy	fórceps
forceps	negative	de fórceps
forceps	positive	de fórceps
forceps	sadness	de fórceps
forceps	surprise	fórceps
forceps	trust	de fórceps
incline	anger	inclinan
incline	anticipation	inclinar
incline	disgust	inclinar
incline	fear	inclinar
incline	joy	inclinar
incline	negative	inclinar
incline	positive	inclinar
incline	sadness	inclinar
incline	surprise	inclinar
incline	trust	inclinar
soldier	anger	soldado
soldier	anticipation	de soldado
soldier	disgust	de soldado
soldier	fear	de soldado
soldier	joy	soldado
soldier	negative	de soldado
soldier	positive	de soldado
soldier	sadness	de soldado
soldier	surprise	soldado
soldier	trust	de soldado
extend	anger	extiende
extend	anticipation	extender
extend	disgust	extender
extend	fear	extender
extend	joy	extender
extend	negative	extender
extend	positive	extender
extend	sadness	extender
extend	surprise	extender
extend	trust	extender
subject	anger	sujeto
subject	anticipation	sujeto
subject	disgust	sujeto
subject	fear	sujeto
subject	joy	sujeto
subject	negative	sujeto
subject	positive	sujeto
subject	sadness	pizarra
subject	surprise	de pizarra
subject	trust	sujeta
blackboard	anger	sujeta
blackboard	anticipation	sujeta
blackboard	disgust	pizarra
blackboard	fear	de pizarra
blackboard	joy	de pizarra
blackboard	negative	de pizarra
blackboard	positive	pizarra
blackboard	sadness	de pizarra
blackboard	surprise	de pizarra
blackboard	trust	de pizarra
renovation	anger	renovación
renovation	anticipation	de renovación
renovation	disgust	de renovación
renovation	fear	de renovación
renovation	joy	renovación
renovation	negative	de renovación
renovation	positive	de renovación
renovation	sadness	de renovación
renovation	surprise	proyectiles
renovation	trust	de proyectiles
projectiles	anger	de renovación
projectiles	anticipation	de renovación
projectiles	disgust	proyectiles
projectiles	fear	de proyectiles
projectiles	joy	de proyectiles
projectiles	negative	de proyectiles
projectiles	positive	proyectiles
projectiles	sadness	de proyectiles
projectiles	surprise	de proyectiles
projectiles	trust	de proyectiles
distillate	anger	distillate
distillate	anticipation	distillate
distillate	disgust	distillate
distillate	fear	distillate
distillate	joy	distillate
distillate	negative	distillate
distillate	positive	distillate
distillate	sadness	distillate
distillate	surprise	distillate
distillate	trust	distillate
wit	anger	ingenio
wit	anticipation	de ingenio
wit	disgust	de ingenio
wit	fear	de ingenio
wit	joy	ingenio
wit	negative	de ingenio
wit	positive	de ingenio
wit	sadness	de ingenio
wit	surprise	rescisión
wit	trust	de rescisión
rescission	anger	de ingenio
rescission	anticipation	de ingenio
rescission	disgust	rescisión
rescission	fear	de rescisión
rescission	joy	de rescisión
rescission	negative	de rescisión
rescission	positive	rescisión
rescission	sadness	de rescisión
rescission	surprise	de rescisión
rescission	trust	de rescisión
basement	anger	basement
basement	anticipation	basement
basement	disgust	basement
basement	fear	basement
basement	joy	basement
basement	negative	basement
basement	positive	basement
basement	sadness	basement
basement	surprise	basement
basement	trust	basement
preaching	anger	predicando
preaching	anticipation	predicando
preaching	disgust	predicando
preaching	fear	predicando
preaching	joy	predicando
preaching	negative	predicando
preaching	positive	predicando
preaching	sadness	predicando
preaching	surprise	predicando
preaching	trust	predicando
happening	anger	pasando
happening	anticipation	pasando
happening	disgust	pasando
happening	fear	pasando
happening	joy	pasando
happening	negative	pasando
happening	positive	pasando
happening	sadness	pasando
happening	surprise	pasando
happening	trust	pasando
moment	anger	momento
moment	anticipation	de momento
moment	disgust	de momento
moment	fear	de momento
moment	joy	momento
moment	negative	de momento
moment	positive	de momento
moment	sadness	de momento
moment	surprise	momento
moment	trust	de momento
thrice	anger	tres veces
thrice	anticipation	tres veces
thrice	disgust	tres veces
thrice	fear	tres veces
thrice	joy	tres veces
thrice	negative	tres veces
thrice	positive	tres veces
thrice	sadness	tres veces
thrice	surprise	tres veces
thrice	trust	tres veces
sunshine	anger	sol
sunshine	anticipation	de sol
sunshine	disgust	de sol
sunshine	fear	de sol
sunshine	joy	sol
sunshine	negative	de sol
sunshine	positive	de sol
sunshine	sadness	de sol
sunshine	surprise	sol
sunshine	trust	de sol
sunglass	anger	sunglass
sunglass	anticipation	sunglass
sunglass	disgust	sunglass
sunglass	fear	sunglass
sunglass	joy	sunglass
sunglass	negative	sunglass
sunglass	positive	sunglass
sunglass	sadness	sunglass
sunglass	surprise	sunglass
sunglass	trust	sunglass
yeast	anger	levadura
yeast	anticipation	de levadura
yeast	disgust	de levadura
yeast	fear	de levadura
yeast	joy	levadura
yeast	negative	de levadura
yeast	positive	de levadura
yeast	sadness	de levadura
yeast	surprise	plumaje
yeast	trust	de plumaje
plumage	anger	de levadura
plumage	anticipation	de levadura
plumage	disgust	plumaje
plumage	fear	de plumaje
plumage	joy	de plumaje
plumage	negative	de plumaje
plumage	positive	plumaje
plumage	sadness	de plumaje
plumage	surprise	de plumaje
plumage	trust	de plumaje
incandescent	anger	incandescent
incandescent	anticipation	incandescent
incandescent	disgust	incandescent
incandescent	fear	incandescent
incandescent	joy	incandescent
incandescent	negative	incandescent
incandescent	positive	incandescent
incandescent	sadness	incandescent
incandescent	surprise	incandescent
incandescent	trust	incandescent
hermit	anger	hermit
hermit	anticipation	hermit
hermit	disgust	hermit
hermit	fear	hermit
hermit	joy	hermit
hermit	negative	hermit
hermit	positive	hermit
hermit	sadness	hermit
hermit	surprise	hermit
hermit	trust	hermit
system	anger	sistema
system	anticipation	de sistema
system	disgust	de sistema
system	fear	de sistema
system	joy	sistema
system	negative	de sistema
system	positive	de sistema
system	sadness	de sistema
system	surprise	bancarrota
system	trust	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	anger	de sistema
bankruptcy	anticipation	de sistema
bankruptcy	disgust	bancarrota
bankruptcy	fear	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	joy	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	negative	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	positive	bancarrota
bankruptcy	sadness	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	surprise	de bancarrota
bankruptcy	trust	de bancarrota
mirror	anger	espejo
mirror	anticipation	de espejo
mirror	disgust	de espejo
mirror	fear	de espejo
mirror	joy	espejo
mirror	negative	de espejo
mirror	positive	de espejo
mirror	sadness	de espejo
mirror	surprise	mes
mirror	trust	de mes
month	anger	de espejo
month	anticipation	de espejo
month	disgust	mes
month	fear	de mes
month	joy	de mes
month	negative	de mes
month	positive	mes
month	sadness	de mes
month	surprise	de mes
month	trust	de mes
rejoicing	anger	rejoicing
rejoicing	anticipation	rejoicing
rejoicing	disgust	rejoicing
rejoicing	fear	rejoicing
rejoicing	joy	rejoicing
rejoicing	negative	rejoicing
rejoicing	positive	rejoicing
rejoicing	sadness	rejoicing
rejoicing	surprise	rejoicing
rejoicing	trust	rejoicing
maturity	anger	madurez
maturity	anticipation	de madurez
maturity	disgust	de madurez
maturity	fear	de madurez
maturity	joy	madurez
maturity	negative	de madurez
maturity	positive	de madurez
maturity	sadness	de madurez
maturity	surprise	madurez
maturity	trust	de madurez
uncertain	anger	incierta
uncertain	anticipation	incierto
uncertain	disgust	incierto
uncertain	fear	incierto
uncertain	joy	incierto
uncertain	negative	incierto
uncertain	positive	incierto
uncertain	sadness	incierto
uncertain	surprise	incierto
uncertain	trust	incierto
crusty	anger	crusty
crusty	anticipation	crusty
crusty	disgust	crusty
crusty	fear	crusty
crusty	joy	crusty
crusty	negative	crusty
crusty	positive	crusty
crusty	sadness	crusty
crusty	surprise	crusty
crusty	trust	crusty
battery	anger	batería
battery	anticipation	de batería
battery	disgust	de batería
battery	fear	de batería
battery	joy	batería
battery	negative	de batería
battery	positive	de batería
battery	sadness	de batería
battery	surprise	batería
battery	trust	de batería
mythical	anger	mítica
mythical	anticipation	mítico
mythical	disgust	mítico
mythical	fear	mítico
mythical	joy	mítico
mythical	negative	mítico
mythical	positive	mítico
mythical	sadness	adjudicación
mythical	surprise	de adjudicación
mythical	trust	mítica
adjudication	anger	mítica
adjudication	anticipation	mítica
adjudication	disgust	adjudicación
adjudication	fear	de adjudicación
adjudication	joy	de adjudicación
adjudication	negative	de adjudicación
adjudication	positive	adjudicación
adjudication	sadness	de adjudicación
adjudication	surprise	de adjudicación
adjudication	trust	de adjudicación
amazingly	anger	asombrosamente
amazingly	anticipation	asombrosamente
amazingly	disgust	asombrosamente
amazingly	fear	asombrosamente
amazingly	joy	asombrosamente
amazingly	negative	asombrosamente
amazingly	positive	asombrosamente
amazingly	sadness	asombrosamente
amazingly	surprise	asombrosamente
amazingly	trust	asombrosamente
whisker	anger	whisker
whisker	anticipation	whisker
whisker	disgust	whisker
whisker	fear	whisker
whisker	joy	whisker
whisker	negative	whisker
whisker	positive	whisker
whisker	sadness	whisker
whisker	surprise	whisker
whisker	trust	whisker
overhanging	anger	overhanging
overhanging	anticipation	overhanging
overhanging	disgust	overhanging
overhanging	fear	overhanging
overhanging	joy	overhanging
overhanging	negative	overhanging
overhanging	positive	overhanging
overhanging	sadness	overhanging
overhanging	surprise	overhanging
overhanging	trust	overhanging
fizz	anger	fizz
fizz	anticipation	fizz
fizz	disgust	fizz
fizz	fear	fizz
fizz	joy	fizz
fizz	negative	fizz
fizz	positive	fizz
fizz	sadness	fizz
fizz	surprise	fizz
fizz	trust	fizz
ambitious	anger	ambicioso
ambitious	anticipation	ambicioso
ambitious	disgust	ambicioso
ambitious	fear	ambicioso
ambitious	joy	ambicioso
ambitious	negative	ambicioso
ambitious	positive	ambicioso
ambitious	sadness	ambicioso
ambitious	surprise	ambicioso
ambitious	trust	ambicioso
guardianship	anger	guardianship
guardianship	anticipation	guardianship
guardianship	disgust	guardianship
guardianship	fear	guardianship
guardianship	joy	guardianship
guardianship	negative	guardianship
guardianship	positive	guardianship
guardianship	sadness	guardianship
guardianship	surprise	guardianship
guardianship	trust	guardianship
shifting	anger	cambiando
shifting	anticipation	cambiando
shifting	disgust	cambiando
shifting	fear	cambiando
shifting	joy	cambiando
shifting	negative	cambiando
shifting	positive	cambiando
shifting	sadness	cambiando
shifting	surprise	cambiando
shifting	trust	cambiando
dale	anger	dale
dale	anticipation	dale
dale	disgust	dale
dale	fear	dale
dale	joy	dale
dale	negative	dale
dale	positive	dale
dale	sadness	dale
dale	surprise	dale
dale	trust	dale
convolution	anger	convolution
convolution	anticipation	convolution
convolution	disgust	convolution
convolution	fear	convolution
convolution	joy	convolution
convolution	negative	convolution
convolution	positive	convolution
convolution	sadness	convolution
convolution	surprise	convolution
convolution	trust	convolution
batter	anger	batter
batter	anticipation	batter
batter	disgust	batter
batter	fear	batter
batter	joy	batter
batter	negative	batter
batter	positive	batter
batter	sadness	batter
batter	surprise	batter
batter	trust	batter
oak	anger	roble
oak	anticipation	de roble
oak	disgust	de roble
oak	fear	de roble
oak	joy	roble
oak	negative	de roble
oak	positive	de roble
oak	sadness	de roble
oak	surprise	roble
oak	trust	de roble
analyzer	anger	analyzer
analyzer	anticipation	analyzer
analyzer	disgust	analyzer
analyzer	fear	analyzer
analyzer	joy	analyzer
analyzer	negative	analyzer
analyzer	positive	analyzer
analyzer	sadness	analyzer
analyzer	surprise	analyzer
analyzer	trust	analyzer
nip	anger	nip
nip	anticipation	nip
nip	disgust	nip
nip	fear	nip
nip	joy	nip
nip	negative	nip
nip	positive	nip
nip	sadness	nip
nip	surprise	nip
nip	trust	nip
enormously	anger	enormemente
enormously	anticipation	enormemente
enormously	disgust	enormemente
enormously	fear	enormemente
enormously	joy	enormemente
enormously	negative	enormemente
enormously	positive	enormemente
enormously	sadness	enormemente
enormously	surprise	enormemente
enormously	trust	enormemente
isolated	anger	aislado
isolated	anticipation	aislado
isolated	disgust	aislado
isolated	fear	aislado
isolated	joy	aislado
isolated	negative	aislado
isolated	positive	aislado
isolated	sadness	letanía
isolated	surprise	de letanía
isolated	trust	aislada
litany	anger	aislada
litany	anticipation	aislada
litany	disgust	letanía
litany	fear	de letanía
litany	joy	de letanía
litany	negative	de letanía
litany	positive	letanía
litany	sadness	de letanía
litany	surprise	de letanía
litany	trust	de letanía
sofa	anger	sofá
sofa	anticipation	de sofá
sofa	disgust	de sofá
sofa	fear	de sofá
sofa	joy	sofá
sofa	negative	de sofá
sofa	positive	de sofá
sofa	sadness	de sofá
sofa	surprise	modelo
sofa	trust	de modelo
model	anger	de sofá
model	anticipation	de sofá
model	disgust	modelo
model	fear	de modelo
model	joy	de modelo
model	negative	de modelo
model	positive	modelo
model	sadness	de modelo
model	surprise	de modelo
model	trust	de modelo
tang	anger	tang
tang	anticipation	tang
tang	disgust	tang
tang	fear	tang
tang	joy	tang
tang	negative	tang
tang	positive	tang
tang	sadness	tang
tang	surprise	tang
tang	trust	tang
static	anger	estático
static	anticipation	estático
static	disgust	estático
static	fear	estático
static	joy	estático
static	negative	estático
static	positive	estático
static	sadness	estático
static	surprise	estático
static	trust	estático
gemini	anger	gemini
gemini	anticipation	gemini
gemini	disgust	gemini
gemini	fear	gemini
gemini	joy	gemini
gemini	negative	gemini
gemini	positive	gemini
gemini	sadness	gemini
gemini	surprise	gemini
gemini	trust	gemini
aversion	anger	aversión
aversion	anticipation	de aversión
aversion	disgust	de aversión
aversion	fear	de aversión
aversion	joy	aversión
aversion	negative	de aversión
aversion	positive	de aversión
aversion	sadness	de aversión
aversion	surprise	aversión
aversion	trust	de aversión
classmate	anger	classmate
classmate	anticipation	classmate
classmate	disgust	classmate
classmate	fear	classmate
classmate	joy	classmate
classmate	negative	classmate
classmate	positive	classmate
classmate	sadness	classmate
classmate	surprise	classmate
classmate	trust	classmate
adieu	anger	adieu
adieu	anticipation	adieu
adieu	disgust	adieu
adieu	fear	adieu
adieu	joy	adieu
adieu	negative	adieu
adieu	positive	adieu
adieu	sadness	adieu
adieu	surprise	adieu
adieu	trust	adieu
reserve	anger	reserva
reserve	anticipation	de reserva
reserve	disgust	de reserva
reserve	fear	de reserva
reserve	joy	reserva
reserve	negative	de reserva
reserve	positive	de reserva
reserve	sadness	de reserva
reserve	surprise	reserva
reserve	trust	de reserva
unhealthy	anger	unhealthy
unhealthy	anticipation	unhealthy
unhealthy	disgust	unhealthy
unhealthy	fear	unhealthy
unhealthy	joy	unhealthy
unhealthy	negative	unhealthy
unhealthy	positive	unhealthy
unhealthy	sadness	unhealthy
unhealthy	surprise	unhealthy
unhealthy	trust	unhealthy
needless	anger	needless
needless	anticipation	needless
needless	disgust	needless
needless	fear	needless
needless	joy	needless
needless	negative	needless
needless	positive	needless
needless	sadness	needless
needless	surprise	needless
needless	trust	needless
stand	anger	posición
stand	anticipation	de posición
stand	disgust	de posición
stand	fear	de posición
stand	joy	posición
stand	negative	de posición
stand	positive	de posición
stand	sadness	de posición
stand	surprise	posición
stand	trust	de posición
regenerate	anger	regenera
regenerate	anticipation	regenerar
regenerate	disgust	regenerar
regenerate	fear	regenerar
regenerate	joy	regenerar
regenerate	negative	regenerar
regenerate	positive	regenerar
regenerate	sadness	regenerar
regenerate	surprise	regenerar
regenerate	trust	regenerar
disobey	anger	disobey
disobey	anticipation	disobey
disobey	disgust	disobey
disobey	fear	disobey
disobey	joy	disobey
disobey	negative	disobey
disobey	positive	disobey
disobey	sadness	disobey
disobey	surprise	disobey
disobey	trust	disobey
spotted	anger	spotted
spotted	anticipation	spotted
spotted	disgust	spotted
spotted	fear	spotted
spotted	joy	spotted
spotted	negative	spotted
spotted	positive	spotted
spotted	sadness	spotted
spotted	surprise	spotted
spotted	trust	spotted
addition	anger	adición
addition	anticipation	de adición
addition	disgust	de adición
addition	fear	de adición
addition	joy	adición
addition	negative	de adición
addition	positive	de adición
addition	sadness	de adición
addition	surprise	adición
addition	trust	de adición
charitable	anger	benéfica
charitable	anticipation	benéfico
charitable	disgust	benéfico
charitable	fear	benéfico
charitable	joy	benéfico
charitable	negative	benéfico
charitable	positive	benéfico
charitable	sadness	benéfico
charitable	surprise	benéfico
charitable	trust	benéfico
debris	anger	debris
debris	anticipation	debris
debris	disgust	debris
debris	fear	debris
debris	joy	debris
debris	negative	debris
debris	positive	debris
debris	sadness	debris
debris	surprise	debris
debris	trust	debris
assortment	anger	surtido
assortment	anticipation	de surtido
assortment	disgust	de surtido
assortment	fear	de surtido
assortment	joy	surtido
assortment	negative	de surtido
assortment	positive	de surtido
assortment	sadness	de surtido
assortment	surprise	surtido
assortment	trust	de surtido
luxurious	anger	luxurious
luxurious	anticipation	luxurious
luxurious	disgust	luxurious
luxurious	fear	luxurious
luxurious	joy	luxurious
luxurious	negative	luxurious
luxurious	positive	luxurious
luxurious	sadness	luxurious
luxurious	surprise	luxurious
luxurious	trust	luxurious
accrue	anger	acumular
accrue	anticipation	acumular
accrue	disgust	acumular
accrue	fear	acumular
accrue	joy	acumular
accrue	negative	acumular
accrue	positive	acumular
accrue	sadness	acumular
accrue	surprise	acumular
accrue	trust	acumular
purchasing	anger	adquiriendo
purchasing	anticipation	adquiriendo
purchasing	disgust	adquiriendo
purchasing	fear	adquiriendo
purchasing	joy	adquiriendo
purchasing	negative	adquiriendo
purchasing	positive	adquiriendo
purchasing	sadness	adquiriendo
purchasing	surprise	adquiriendo
purchasing	trust	adquiriendo
continuance	anger	continuance
continuance	anticipation	continuance
continuance	disgust	continuance
continuance	fear	continuance
continuance	joy	continuance
continuance	negative	continuance
continuance	positive	continuance
continuance	sadness	continuance
continuance	surprise	continuance
continuance	trust	continuance
risk	anger	riesgo
risk	anticipation	de riesgo
risk	disgust	de riesgo
risk	fear	de riesgo
risk	joy	riesgo
risk	negative	de riesgo
risk	positive	de riesgo
risk	sadness	de riesgo
risk	surprise	legión
risk	trust	de legión
legion	anger	de riesgo
legion	anticipation	de riesgo
legion	disgust	legión
legion	fear	de legión
legion	joy	de legión
legion	negative	de legión
legion	positive	legión
legion	sadness	de legión
legion	surprise	de legión
legion	trust	de legión que
calling	anger	llama
calling	anticipation	llamando
calling	disgust	llamando
calling	fear	llamando
calling	joy	llamando
calling	negative	llamando
calling	positive	llamando
calling	sadness	llamando
calling	surprise	llamando
calling	trust	llamando
sanctify	anger	santifica
sanctify	anticipation	santificar
sanctify	disgust	santificar
sanctify	fear	santificar
sanctify	joy	santificar
sanctify	negative	santificar
sanctify	positive	santificar
sanctify	sadness	santificar
sanctify	surprise	santificar
sanctify	trust	santificar
consummate	anger	consumar
consummate	anticipation	consumar
consummate	disgust	consumar
consummate	fear	consumar
consummate	joy	consumar
consummate	negative	consumar
consummate	positive	consumar
consummate	sadness	consumar
consummate	surprise	consumar
consummate	trust	consumar
brains	anger	cerebros
brains	anticipation	de cerebros
brains	disgust	de cerebros
brains	fear	de cerebros
brains	joy	cerebros
brains	negative	de cerebros
brains	positive	de cerebros
brains	sadness	de cerebros
brains	surprise	abolición
brains	trust	de abolición
abolition	anger	de cerebros
abolition	anticipation	de cerebros
abolition	disgust	abolición
abolition	fear	de abolición
abolition	joy	de abolición
abolition	negative	de abolición
abolition	positive	abolición
abolition	sadness	de abolición
abolition	surprise	de abolición
abolition	trust	de abolición
gastronomy	anger	gastronomía
gastronomy	anticipation	de gastronomía
gastronomy	disgust	de gastronomía
gastronomy	fear	de gastronomía
gastronomy	joy	gastronomía
gastronomy	negative	de gastronomía
gastronomy	positive	de gastronomía
gastronomy	sadness	de gastronomía
gastronomy	surprise	gastronomía
gastronomy	trust	de gastronomía
greet	anger	saluda
greet	anticipation	saludar
greet	disgust	saludar
greet	fear	saludar
greet	joy	saludar
greet	negative	saludar
greet	positive	saludar
greet	sadness	saludar
greet	surprise	saludar
greet	trust	saludar
superman	anger	superhombre
superman	anticipation	de superhombre
superman	disgust	de superhombre
superman	fear	de superhombre
superman	joy	superhombre
superman	negative	de superhombre
superman	positive	de superhombre
superman	sadness	de superhombre
superman	surprise	superhombre
superman	trust	de superhombre
intrinsically	anger	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	anticipation	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	disgust	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	fear	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	joy	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	negative	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	positive	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	sadness	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	surprise	intrínsecamente
intrinsically	trust	intrínsecamente
subterranean	anger	subterráneo
subterranean	anticipation	subterráneo
subterranean	disgust	subterráneo
subterranean	fear	subterráneo
subterranean	joy	subterráneo
subterranean	negative	subterráneo
subterranean	positive	subterráneo
subterranean	sadness	intermediario
subterranean	surprise	de intermediario
subterranean	trust	subterráneo
intermediary	anger	subterráneo
intermediary	anticipation	subterráneo
intermediary	disgust	intermediario
intermediary	fear	de intermediario
intermediary	joy	de intermediario
intermediary	negative	de intermediario
intermediary	positive	intermediario
intermediary	sadness	de intermediario
intermediary	surprise	de intermediario
intermediary	trust	de intermediario
reinvest	anger	reinvest
reinvest	anticipation	reinvest
reinvest	disgust	reinvest
reinvest	fear	reinvest
reinvest	joy	reinvest
reinvest	negative	reinvest
reinvest	positive	reinvest
reinvest	sadness	reinvest
reinvest	surprise	reinvest
reinvest	trust	reinvest
poorly	anger	mal
poorly	anticipation	mal
poorly	disgust	mal
poorly	fear	mal
poorly	joy	mal
poorly	negative	mal
poorly	positive	mal
poorly	sadness	mal
poorly	surprise	mal
poorly	trust	mal
unsympathetic	anger	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	anticipation	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	disgust	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	fear	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	joy	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	negative	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	positive	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	sadness	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	surprise	unsympathetic
unsympathetic	trust	unsympathetic
confirmatory	anger	confirmatory
confirmatory	anticipation	confirmatory
confirmatory	disgust	confirmatory
confirmatory	fear	confirmatory
confirmatory	joy	confirmatory
confirmatory	negative	confirmatory
confirmatory	positive	confirmatory
confirmatory	sadness	confirmatory
confirmatory	surprise	confirmatory
confirmatory	trust	confirmatory
resisting	anger	resistiendo
resisting	anticipation	resistiendo
resisting	disgust	resistiendo
resisting	fear	resistiendo
resisting	joy	resistiendo
resisting	negative	resistiendo
resisting	positive	resistiendo
resisting	sadness	resistiendo
resisting	surprise	resistiendo
resisting	trust	resistiendo
ratchet	anger	trinquete
ratchet	anticipation	de trinquete
ratchet	disgust	de trinquete
ratchet	fear	de trinquete
ratchet	joy	trinquete
ratchet	negative	de trinquete
ratchet	positive	de trinquete
ratchet	sadness	de trinquete
ratchet	surprise	obra
ratchet	trust	de obra
drama	anger	de trinquete
drama	anticipation	de trinquete
drama	disgust	obra
drama	fear	de obra
drama	joy	de obra
drama	negative	de obra
drama	positive	obra
drama	sadness	de obra
drama	surprise	de obra
drama	trust	de obra
exemption	anger	exención
exemption	anticipation	de exención
exemption	disgust	de exención
exemption	fear	de exención
exemption	joy	exención
exemption	negative	de exención
exemption	positive	de exención
exemption	sadness	de exención
exemption	surprise	calor
exemption	trust	de calor
heat	anger	de exención
heat	anticipation	de exención
heat	disgust	calor
heat	fear	de calor
heat	joy	de calor
heat	negative	de calor
heat	positive	calor
heat	sadness	de calor
heat	surprise	de calor
heat	trust	de calor
stealthily	anger	stealthily
stealthily	anticipation	stealthily
stealthily	disgust	stealthily
stealthily	fear	stealthily
stealthily	joy	stealthily
stealthily	negative	stealthily
stealthily	positive	stealthily
stealthily	sadness	stealthily
stealthily	surprise	stealthily
stealthily	trust	stealthily
unaccountable	anger	unaccountable
unaccountable	anticipation	unaccountable
unaccountable	disgust	unaccountable
unaccountable	fear	unaccountable
unaccountable	joy	unaccountable
unaccountable	negative	unaccountable
unaccountable	positive	unaccountable
unaccountable	sadness	unaccountable
unaccountable	surprise	unaccountable
unaccountable	trust	unaccountable
notification	anger	notificación
notification	anticipation	de notificación
notification	disgust	de notificación
notification	fear	de notificación
notification	joy	notificación
notification	negative	de notificación
notification	positive	de notificación
notification	sadness	de notificación
notification	surprise	pescador
notification	trust	de pescador
fisherman	anger	de notificación
fisherman	anticipation	de notificación
fisherman	disgust	pescador
fisherman	fear	de pescador
fisherman	joy	de pescador
fisherman	negative	de pescador
fisherman	positive	pescador
fisherman	sadness	de pescador
fisherman	surprise	de pescador
fisherman	trust	de pescador
dilatation	anger	dilatación
dilatation	anticipation	de dilatación
dilatation	disgust	de dilatación
dilatation	fear	de dilatación
dilatation	joy	dilatación
dilatation	negative	de dilatación
dilatation	positive	de dilatación
dilatation	sadness	de dilatación
dilatation	surprise	dilatación
dilatation	trust	de dilatación
accidental	anger	accidental
accidental	anticipation	accidental
accidental	disgust	accidental
accidental	fear	accidental
accidental	joy	accidental
accidental	negative	accidental
accidental	positive	accidental
accidental	sadness	accidental
accidental	surprise	accidental
accidental	trust	accidental
heave	anger	alzar
heave	anticipation	alzar
heave	disgust	alzar
heave	fear	alzar
heave	joy	alzar
heave	negative	alzar
heave	positive	alzar
heave	sadness	alzar
heave	surprise	alzar
heave	trust	alzar
rank	anger	rango
rank	anticipation	de rango
rank	disgust	de rango
rank	fear	de rango
rank	joy	rango
rank	negative	de rango
rank	positive	de rango
rank	sadness	de rango
rank	surprise	rango
rank	trust	de rango
reconstruct	anger	reconstruye
reconstruct	anticipation	reconstruir
reconstruct	disgust	reconstruir
reconstruct	fear	reconstruir
reconstruct	joy	reconstruir
reconstruct	negative	reconstruir
reconstruct	positive	reconstruir
reconstruct	sadness	reconstruir
reconstruct	surprise	reconstruir
reconstruct	trust	reconstruir
soil	anger	tierra
soil	anticipation	de tierra
soil	disgust	de tierra
soil	fear	de tierra
soil	joy	tierra
soil	negative	de tierra
soil	positive	de tierra
soil	sadness	de tierra
soil	surprise	tierra
soil	trust	de tierra
devote	anger	dedica
devote	anticipation	dedicar
devote	disgust	dedicar
devote	fear	dedicar
devote	joy	dedicar
devote	negative	dedicar
devote	positive	dedicar
devote	sadness	dedicar
devote	surprise	dedicar
devote	trust	dedicar
resonator	anger	resonador
resonator	anticipation	de resonador
resonator	disgust	de resonador
resonator	fear	de resonador
resonator	joy	resonador
resonator	negative	de resonador
resonator	positive	de resonador
resonator	sadness	de resonador
resonator	surprise	resonador
resonator	trust	de resonador
hematite	anger	hematite
hematite	anticipation	hematite
hematite	disgust	hematite
hematite	fear	hematite
hematite	joy	hematite
hematite	negative	hematite
hematite	positive	hematite
hematite	sadness	hematite
hematite	surprise	hematite
hematite	trust	hematite
indemnification	anger	indemnification
indemnification	anticipation	indemnification
indemnification	disgust	indemnification
indemnification	fear	indemnification
indemnification	joy	indemnification
indemnification	negative	indemnification
indemnification	positive	indemnification
indemnification	sadness	indemnification
indemnification	surprise	indemnification
indemnification	trust	indemnification
map	anger	mapa
map	anticipation	de mapa
map	disgust	de mapa
map	fear	de mapa
map	joy	mapa
map	negative	de mapa
map	positive	de mapa
map	sadness	de mapa
map	surprise	mapa
map	trust	de mapa
tease	anger	tease
tease	anticipation	tease
tease	disgust	tease
tease	fear	tease
tease	joy	tease
tease	negative	tease
tease	positive	tease
tease	sadness	tease
tease	surprise	tease
tease	trust	tease
cheery	anger	cheery
cheery	anticipation	
cheery	disgust	cheery
cheery	fear	cheery
cheery	joy	cheery
cheery	negative	cheery
cheery	positive	cheery
cheery	sadness	cheery
cheery	surprise	cheery
cheery	trust	cheery
intensely	anger	cheery
intensely	anticipation	intensely intensely
intensely	disgust	intensely
intensely	fear	intensely
intensely	joy	intensely
intensely	negative	intensely
intensely	positive	intensely
intensely	sadness	intensely
intensely	surprise	intensely
intensely	trust	intensely
benefit	anger	beneficio
benefit	anticipation	de beneficio
benefit	disgust	de beneficio
benefit	fear	de beneficio
benefit	joy	beneficio
benefit	negative	de beneficio
benefit	positive	de beneficio
benefit	sadness	de beneficio
benefit	surprise	promesa
benefit	trust	de promesa
pledge	anger	de beneficio
pledge	anticipation	de beneficio
pledge	disgust	promesa
pledge	fear	de promesa
pledge	joy	de promesa
pledge	negative	de promesa
pledge	positive	promesa
pledge	sadness	de promesa
pledge	surprise	de promesa
pledge	trust	de promesa
accessible	anger	accesible
accessible	anticipation	accesible
accessible	disgust	accesible
accessible	fear	accesible
accessible	joy	accesible
accessible	negative	accesible
accessible	positive	accesible
accessible	sadness	accesible
accessible	surprise	accesible
accessible	trust	accesible
mote	anger	mote
mote	anticipation	mote
mote	disgust	mote
mote	fear	mote
mote	joy	mote
mote	negative	mote
mote	positive	mote
mote	sadness	mote
mote	surprise	mote
mote	trust	mote
bile	anger	bilis
bile	anticipation	de bilis
bile	disgust	de bilis
bile	fear	de bilis
bile	joy	bilis
bile	negative	de bilis
bile	positive	de bilis
bile	sadness	de bilis
bile	surprise	bilis
bile	trust	de bilis
nonpayment	anger	nonpayment
nonpayment	anticipation	nonpayment
nonpayment	disgust	nonpayment
nonpayment	fear	nonpayment
nonpayment	joy	nonpayment
nonpayment	negative	nonpayment
nonpayment	positive	nonpayment
nonpayment	sadness	nonpayment
nonpayment	surprise	nonpayment
nonpayment	trust	nonpayment
agitated	anger	agitó
agitated	anticipation	agitado
agitated	disgust	agitó
agitated	fear	agitado
agitated	joy	agitó
agitated	negative	agitado
agitated	positive	agitó
agitated	sadness	agitado
agitated	surprise	agitó
agitated	trust	agitado
visibly	anger	visiblemente
visibly	anticipation	visiblemente
visibly	disgust	visiblemente
visibly	fear	visiblemente
visibly	joy	visiblemente
visibly	negative	visiblemente
visibly	positive	visiblemente
visibly	sadness	visiblemente
visibly	surprise	visiblemente
visibly	trust	visiblemente
byte	anger	byte
byte	anticipation	de byte
byte	disgust	de byte
byte	fear	de byte
byte	joy	byte
byte	negative	de byte
byte	positive	de byte
byte	sadness	de byte
byte	surprise	byte
byte	trust	de byte
slush	anger	slush
slush	anticipation	slush
slush	disgust	slush
slush	fear	slush
slush	joy	slush
slush	negative	slush
slush	positive	slush
slush	sadness	slush
slush	surprise	slush
slush	trust	slush
accompanying	anger	acompañante
accompanying	anticipation	acompañante
accompanying	disgust	acompañante
accompanying	fear	acompañante
accompanying	joy	acompañante
accompanying	negative	acompañante
accompanying	positive	acompañante
accompanying	sadness	acompañante
accompanying	surprise	acompañante
accompanying	trust	acompañante
explorer	anger	explorer
explorer	anticipation	explorer
explorer	disgust	explorer
explorer	fear	explorer
explorer	joy	explorer
explorer	negative	explorer
explorer	positive	explorer
explorer	sadness	explorer
explorer	surprise	explorer
explorer	trust	explorer
horrid	anger	horrid
horrid	anticipation	horrid
horrid	disgust	horrid
horrid	fear	horrid
horrid	joy	horrid
horrid	negative	horrid
horrid	positive	horrid
horrid	sadness	horrid
horrid	surprise	horrid
horrid	trust	horrid
supervisor	anger	supervisor
supervisor	anticipation	de supervisor
supervisor	disgust	de supervisor
supervisor	fear	de supervisor
supervisor	joy	supervisor
supervisor	negative	de supervisor
supervisor	positive	de supervisor
supervisor	sadness	de supervisor
supervisor	surprise	supervisor
supervisor	trust	de supervisor
proposition	anger	proposition
proposition	anticipation	proposition
proposition	disgust	proposition
proposition	fear	proposition
proposition	joy	proposition
proposition	negative	proposition
proposition	positive	proposition
proposition	sadness	proposition
proposition	surprise	proposition
proposition	trust	proposition
pegs	anger	pegs
pegs	anticipation	pegs
pegs	disgust	pegs
pegs	fear	pegs
pegs	joy	pegs
pegs	negative	pegs
pegs	positive	pegs
pegs	sadness	pegs
pegs	surprise	pegs
pegs	trust	pegs
acquainted	anger	familiarizó
acquainted	anticipation	familiarizado
acquainted	disgust	familiarizó
acquainted	fear	familiarizado
acquainted	joy	familiarizó
acquainted	negative	familiarizado
acquainted	positive	familiarizó
acquainted	sadness	familiarizado
acquainted	surprise	familiarizó
acquainted	trust	familiarizado
dull	anger	atenuar
dull	anticipation	atenuar
dull	disgust	atenuar
dull	fear	atenuar
dull	joy	atenuar
dull	negative	atenuar
dull	positive	atenuar
dull	sadness	atenuar
dull	surprise	atenuar
dull	trust	atenuar
candy	anger	caramelo
candy	anticipation	de caramelo
candy	disgust	de caramelo
candy	fear	de caramelo
candy	joy	caramelo
candy	negative	de caramelo
candy	positive	de caramelo
candy	sadness	de caramelo
candy	surprise	caramelo
candy	trust	de caramelo
evanescence	anger	evanescence
evanescence	anticipation	evanescence
evanescence	disgust	evanescence
evanescence	fear	evanescence
evanescence	joy	evanescence
evanescence	negative	evanescence
evanescence	positive	evanescence
evanescence	sadness	evanescence
evanescence	surprise	evanescence
evanescence	trust	evanescence
characterize	anger	caracterizar
characterize	anticipation	caracterizar
characterize	disgust	caracterizar
characterize	fear	caracterizar
characterize	joy	caracterizar
characterize	negative	caracterizar
characterize	positive	caracterizar
characterize	sadness	caracterizar
characterize	surprise	caracterizar
characterize	trust	caracterizar
visit	anger	visita
visit	anticipation	de visita
visit	disgust	de visita
visit	fear	de visita
visit	joy	visita
visit	negative	de visita
visit	positive	de visita
visit	sadness	de visita
visit	surprise	visita
visit	trust	de visita
willful	anger	willful
willful	anticipation	willful
willful	disgust	willful
willful	fear	willful
willful	joy	willful
willful	negative	willful
willful	positive	willful
willful	sadness	willful
willful	surprise	willful
willful	trust	willful
erroneous	anger	erróneo
erroneous	anticipation	erróneo
erroneous	disgust	erróneo
erroneous	fear	erróneo
erroneous	joy	erróneo
erroneous	negative	erróneo
erroneous	positive	erróneo
erroneous	sadness	clima
erroneous	surprise	de clima
erroneous	trust	erróneo
climate	anger	erróneo
climate	anticipation	erróneo
climate	disgust	clima
climate	fear	de clima
climate	joy	de clima
climate	negative	de clima
climate	positive	clima
climate	sadness	de clima
climate	surprise	de clima
climate	trust	de clima
permissible	anger	permisible
permissible	anticipation	permisible
permissible	disgust	permisible
permissible	fear	permisible
permissible	joy	permisible
permissible	negative	permisible
permissible	positive	permisible
permissible	sadness	caso
permissible	surprise	de caso
permissible	trust	permisible
case	anger	permisible
case	anticipation	permisible
case	disgust	caso
case	fear	de caso
case	joy	de caso
case	negative	de caso
case	positive	caso
case	sadness	de caso
case	surprise	de caso
case	trust	de caso
regime	anger	régimen
regime	anticipation	de régimen
regime	disgust	de régimen
regime	fear	de régimen
regime	joy	régimen
regime	negative	de régimen
regime	positive	de régimen
regime	sadness	de régimen
regime	surprise	risco
regime	trust	de risco
bluff	anger	de régimen
bluff	anticipation	de régimen
bluff	disgust	risco
bluff	fear	de risco
bluff	joy	de risco
bluff	negative	de risco
bluff	positive	risco
bluff	sadness	de risco
bluff	surprise	de risco
bluff	trust	de risco
obscenity	anger	obscenidad
obscenity	anticipation	de obscenidad
obscenity	disgust	de obscenidad
obscenity	fear	de obscenidad
obscenity	joy	obscenidad
obscenity	negative	de obscenidad
obscenity	positive	de obscenidad
obscenity	sadness	de obscenidad
obscenity	surprise	obscenidad
obscenity	trust	de obscenidad
bygone	anger	bygone
bygone	anticipation	bygone
bygone	disgust	bygone
bygone	fear	bygone
bygone	joy	bygone
bygone	negative	bygone
bygone	positive	bygone
bygone	sadness	bygone
bygone	surprise	bygone
bygone	trust	bygone
impolite	anger	grosero
impolite	anticipation	grosero
impolite	disgust	grosero
impolite	fear	grosero
impolite	joy	grosero
impolite	negative	grosero
impolite	positive	grosero
impolite	sadness	condado
impolite	surprise	de condado
impolite	trust	grosero
shire	anger	grosero
shire	anticipation	grosero
shire	disgust	condado
shire	fear	de condado
shire	joy	de condado
shire	negative	de condado
shire	positive	condado
shire	sadness	de condado
shire	surprise	de condado
shire	trust	de condado
mobilize	anger	mobilize
mobilize	anticipation	mobilize
mobilize	disgust	mobilize
mobilize	fear	mobilize
mobilize	joy	mobilize
mobilize	negative	mobilize
mobilize	positive	mobilize
mobilize	sadness	mobilize
mobilize	surprise	mobilize
mobilize	trust	mobilize
pianist	anger	pianist
pianist	anticipation	pianist
pianist	disgust	pianist
pianist	fear	pianist
pianist	joy	pianist
pianist	negative	pianist
pianist	positive	pianist
pianist	sadness	pianist
pianist	surprise	pianist
pianist	trust	pianist
racking	anger	atormentando
racking	anticipation	atormentando
racking	disgust	atormentando
racking	fear	atormentando
racking	joy	atormentando
racking	negative	atormentando
racking	positive	atormentando
racking	sadness	atormentando
racking	surprise	atormentando
racking	trust	atormentando
whiff	anger	whiff
whiff	anticipation	whiff
whiff	disgust	whiff
whiff	fear	whiff
whiff	joy	whiff
whiff	negative	whiff
whiff	positive	whiff
whiff	sadness	whiff
whiff	surprise	whiff
whiff	trust	whiff
observation	anger	observación
observation	anticipation	de observación
observation	disgust	de observación
observation	fear	de observación
observation	joy	observación
observation	negative	de observación
observation	positive	de observación
observation	sadness	de observación
observation	surprise	observación
observation	trust	de observación
asymptotic	anger	asintótica
asymptotic	anticipation	asintótico
asymptotic	disgust	asintótico
asymptotic	fear	asintótico
asymptotic	joy	asintótico
asymptotic	negative	asintótico
asymptotic	positive	asintótico
asymptotic	sadness	contradicción
asymptotic	surprise	de contradicción
asymptotic	trust	asintótica
contradiction	anger	asintótica
contradiction	anticipation	asintótica
contradiction	disgust	contradicción
contradiction	fear	de contradicción
contradiction	joy	de contradicción
contradiction	negative	de contradicción
contradiction	positive	contradicción
contradiction	sadness	de contradicción
contradiction	surprise	de contradicción
contradiction	trust	de contradicción
haze	anger	calima
haze	anticipation	de calima
haze	disgust	de calima
haze	fear	de calima
haze	joy	calima
haze	negative	de calima
haze	positive	de calima
haze	sadness	de calima
haze	surprise	zapato
haze	trust	de zapato
shoe	anger	de calima
shoe	anticipation	de calima
shoe	disgust	zapato
shoe	fear	de zapato
shoe	joy	de zapato
shoe	negative	de zapato
shoe	positive	zapato
shoe	sadness	de zapato
shoe	surprise	de zapato
shoe	trust	de zapato
hawking	anger	venta callejera
hawking	anticipation	de venta callejera
hawking	disgust	de venta callejera
hawking	fear	de venta callejera
hawking	joy	venta callejera
hawking	negative	de venta callejera
hawking	positive	de venta callejera
hawking	sadness	de venta callejera
hawking	surprise	superficie
hawking	trust	de superficie
surface	anger	de venta callejera
surface	anticipation	de venta callejera
surface	disgust	superficie
surface	fear	de superficie
surface	joy	de superficie
surface	negative	de superficie
surface	positive	superficie
surface	sadness	de superficie
surface	surprise	de superficie
surface	trust	de superficie
gills	anger	gills
gills	anticipation	gills
gills	disgust	gills
gills	fear	gills
gills	joy	gills
gills	negative	gills
gills	positive	gills
gills	sadness	gills
gills	surprise	gills
gills	trust	gills
pamphlet	anger	panfleto
pamphlet	anticipation	de panfleto
pamphlet	disgust	de panfleto
pamphlet	fear	de panfleto
pamphlet	joy	panfleto
pamphlet	negative	de panfleto
pamphlet	positive	de panfleto
pamphlet	sadness	de panfleto
pamphlet	surprise	panfleto
pamphlet	trust	de panfleto
remodel	anger	remodela
remodel	anticipation	remodelar
remodel	disgust	remodelar
remodel	fear	remodelar
remodel	joy	remodelar
remodel	negative	remodelar
remodel	positive	remodelar
remodel	sadness	remodelar
remodel	surprise	remodelar
remodel	trust	remodelar
thicken	anger	espesar
thicken	anticipation	espesar
thicken	disgust	espesar
thicken	fear	espesar
thicken	joy	espesar
thicken	negative	espesar
thicken	positive	espesar
thicken	sadness	espesar
thicken	surprise	espesar
thicken	trust	espesar
pharmaceutical	anger	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	anticipation	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	disgust	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	fear	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	joy	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	negative	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	positive	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	sadness	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	surprise	farmacéutico
pharmaceutical	trust	farmacéutico
consenting	anger	consintiendo
consenting	anticipation	consintiendo
consenting	disgust	consintiendo
consenting	fear	consintiendo
consenting	joy	consintiendo
consenting	negative	consintiendo
consenting	positive	consintiendo
consenting	sadness	consintiendo
consenting	surprise	consintiendo
consenting	trust	consintiendo
beset	anger	beset
beset	anticipation	beset
beset	disgust	beset
beset	fear	beset
beset	joy	beset
beset	negative	beset
beset	positive	beset
beset	sadness	beset
beset	surprise	beset
beset	trust	beset
muss	anger	muss
muss	anticipation	muss
muss	disgust	muss
muss	fear	muss
muss	joy	muss
muss	negative	muss
muss	positive	muss
muss	sadness	muss
muss	surprise	muss
muss	trust	muss
backtrack	anger	retroceder
backtrack	anticipation	retroceder
backtrack	disgust	retroceder
backtrack	fear	retroceder
backtrack	joy	retroceder
backtrack	negative	retroceder
backtrack	positive	retroceder
backtrack	sadness	retroceder
backtrack	surprise	retroceder
backtrack	trust	retroceder
crack	anger	grieta
crack	anticipation	de grieta
crack	disgust	de grieta
crack	fear	de grieta
crack	joy	grieta
crack	negative	de grieta
crack	positive	de grieta
crack	sadness	de grieta
crack	surprise	velo
crack	trust	de velo
veil	anger	de grieta
veil	anticipation	de grieta
veil	disgust	velo
veil	fear	de velo
veil	joy	de velo
veil	negative	de velo
veil	positive	velo
veil	sadness	de velo
veil	surprise	de velo
veil	trust	de velo
fluorescence	anger	fluorescencia
fluorescence	anticipation	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	disgust	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	fear	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	joy	fluorescencia
fluorescence	negative	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	positive	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	sadness	de fluorescencia
fluorescence	surprise	fluorescencia
fluorescence	trust	de fluorescencia
atelier	anger	atelier
atelier	anticipation	atelier
atelier	disgust	atelier
atelier	fear	atelier
atelier	joy	atelier
atelier	negative	atelier
atelier	positive	atelier
atelier	sadness	atelier
atelier	surprise	atelier
atelier	trust	atelier
prove	anger	probar
prove	anticipation	probar
prove	disgust	probar
prove	fear	probar
prove	joy	probar
prove	negative	probar
prove	positive	probar
prove	sadness	probar
prove	surprise	probar
prove	trust	probar
fearless	anger	osado
fearless	anticipation	osado
fearless	disgust	osado
fearless	fear	osado
fearless	joy	osado
fearless	negative	osado
fearless	positive	osado
fearless	sadness	osado
fearless	surprise	osado
fearless	trust	osado
inappropriate	anger	inapropiado
inappropriate	anticipation	inapropiado
inappropriate	disgust	inapropiado
inappropriate	fear	inapropiado
inappropriate	joy	inapropiado
inappropriate	negative	inapropiado
inappropriate	positive	inapropiado
inappropriate	sadness	inapropiado
inappropriate	surprise	inapropiado
inappropriate	trust	inapropiado
cherish	anger	cherish
cherish	anticipation	cherish
cherish	disgust	cherish
cherish	fear	cherish
cherish	joy	cherish
cherish	negative	cherish
cherish	positive	cherish
cherish	sadness	cherish
cherish	surprise	cherish
cherish	trust	cherish
herpesvirus	anger	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	anticipation	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	disgust	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	fear	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	joy	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	negative	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	positive	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	sadness	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	surprise	herpesvirus
herpesvirus	trust	herpesvirus
innovate	anger	innovate
innovate	anticipation	innovate
innovate	disgust	innovate
innovate	fear	innovate
innovate	joy	innovate
innovate	negative	innovate
innovate	positive	innovate
innovate	sadness	innovate
innovate	surprise	innovate
innovate	trust	innovate
sneakers	anger	sneakers
sneakers	anticipation	sneakers
sneakers	disgust	sneakers
sneakers	fear	sneakers
sneakers	joy	sneakers
sneakers	negative	sneakers
sneakers	positive	sneakers
sneakers	sadness	sneakers
sneakers	surprise	sneakers
sneakers	trust	sneakers
tickle	anger	tickle
tickle	anticipation	tickle
tickle	disgust	tickle
tickle	fear	tickle
tickle	joy	tickle
tickle	negative	tickle
tickle	positive	tickle
tickle	sadness	tickle
tickle	surprise	tickle
tickle	trust	tickle
rhythm	anger	ritmo
rhythm	anticipation	de ritmo
rhythm	disgust	de ritmo
rhythm	fear	de ritmo
rhythm	joy	ritmo
rhythm	negative	de ritmo
rhythm	positive	de ritmo
rhythm	sadness	de ritmo
rhythm	surprise	truco
rhythm	trust	de truco
trick	anger	de ritmo
trick	anticipation	de ritmo
trick	disgust	truco
trick	fear	de truco
trick	joy	de truco
trick	negative	de truco
trick	positive	truco
trick	sadness	de truco
trick	surprise	de truco
trick	trust	de truco
masquerade	anger	masquerade
masquerade	anticipation	masquerade
masquerade	disgust	masquerade
masquerade	fear	masquerade
masquerade	joy	masquerade
masquerade	negative	masquerade
masquerade	positive	masquerade
masquerade	sadness	masquerade
masquerade	surprise	masquerade
masquerade	trust	masquerade
cooperate	anger	cooperar
cooperate	anticipation	cooperar
cooperate	disgust	cooperar
cooperate	fear	cooperar
cooperate	joy	cooperar
cooperate	negative	cooperar
cooperate	positive	cooperar
cooperate	sadness	cooperar
cooperate	surprise	cooperar
cooperate	trust	cooperar
audition	anger	audición
audition	anticipation	de audición
audition	disgust	de audición
audition	fear	de audición
audition	joy	audición
audition	negative	de audición
audition	positive	de audición
audition	sadness	de audición
audition	surprise	audición
audition	trust	de audición
caliber	anger	caliber
caliber	anticipation	caliber
caliber	disgust	caliber
caliber	fear	caliber
caliber	joy	caliber
caliber	negative	caliber
caliber	positive	caliber
caliber	sadness	caliber
caliber	surprise	caliber
caliber	trust	caliber
vitality	anger	vitalidad
vitality	anticipation	de vitalidad
vitality	disgust	de vitalidad
vitality	fear	de vitalidad
vitality	joy	vitalidad
vitality	negative	de vitalidad
vitality	positive	de vitalidad
vitality	sadness	de vitalidad
vitality	surprise	deudor
vitality	trust	de deudor
debtor	anger	de vitalidad
debtor	anticipation	de vitalidad
debtor	disgust	deudor
debtor	fear	de deudor
debtor	joy	de deudor
debtor	negative	de deudor
debtor	positive	deudor
debtor	sadness	de deudor
debtor	surprise	de deudor
debtor	trust	de deudor
anarchy	anger	anarquía
anarchy	anticipation	de anarquía
anarchy	disgust	de anarquía
anarchy	fear	de anarquía
anarchy	joy	anarquía
anarchy	negative	de anarquía
anarchy	positive	de anarquía
anarchy	sadness	de anarquía
anarchy	surprise	anarquía
anarchy	trust	de anarquía
potency	anger	potency
potency	anticipation	potency
potency	disgust	potency
potency	fear	potency
potency	joy	potency
potency	negative	potency
potency	positive	potency
potency	sadness	potency
potency	surprise	potency
potency	trust	potency
tabernacle	anger	tabernacle
tabernacle	anticipation	tabernacle
tabernacle	disgust	tabernacle
tabernacle	fear	tabernacle
tabernacle	joy	tabernacle
tabernacle	negative	tabernacle
tabernacle	positive	tabernacle
tabernacle	sadness	tabernacle
tabernacle	surprise	tabernacle
tabernacle	trust	tabernacle
languishing	anger	languishing
languishing	anticipation	languishing
languishing	disgust	languishing
languishing	fear	languishing
languishing	joy	languishing
languishing	negative	languishing
languishing	positive	languishing
languishing	sadness	languishing
languishing	surprise	languishing
languishing	trust	languishing
lounge	anger	lounge
lounge	anticipation	lounge
lounge	disgust	lounge
lounge	fear	lounge
lounge	joy	lounge
lounge	negative	lounge
lounge	positive	lounge
lounge	sadness	lounge
lounge	surprise	lounge
lounge	trust	lounge
entreat	anger	entreat
entreat	anticipation	entreat
entreat	disgust	entreat
entreat	fear	entreat
entreat	joy	entreat
entreat	negative	entreat
entreat	positive	entreat
entreat	sadness	entreat
entreat	surprise	entreat
entreat	trust	entreat
scatter	anger	esparcir
scatter	anticipation	esparcir
scatter	disgust	esparcir
scatter	fear	esparcir
scatter	joy	esparcir
scatter	negative	esparcir
scatter	positive	esparcir
scatter	sadness	esparcir
scatter	surprise	esparcir
scatter	trust	esparcir
invincible	anger	invencible
invincible	anticipation	invencible
invincible	disgust	invencible
invincible	fear	invencible
invincible	joy	invencible
invincible	negative	invencible
invincible	positive	invencible
invincible	sadness	oráculo
invincible	surprise	de oráculo
invincible	trust	invencible
oracle	anger	invencible
oracle	anticipation	invencible
oracle	disgust	oráculo
oracle	fear	de oráculo
oracle	joy	de oráculo
oracle	negative	de oráculo
oracle	positive	oráculo
oracle	sadness	de oráculo
oracle	surprise	de oráculo
oracle	trust	de oráculo
plight	anger	plight
plight	anticipation	plight
plight	disgust	plight
plight	fear	plight
plight	joy	plight
plight	negative	plight
plight	positive	plight
plight	sadness	plight
plight	surprise	plight
plight	trust	plight
pow	anger	pow
pow	anticipation	pow
pow	disgust	pow
pow	fear	pow
pow	joy	pow
pow	negative	pow
pow	positive	pow
pow	sadness	pow
pow	surprise	pow
pow	trust	pow
doomsday	anger	doomsday
doomsday	anticipation	doomsday
doomsday	disgust	doomsday
doomsday	fear	doomsday
doomsday	joy	doomsday
doomsday	negative	doomsday
doomsday	positive	doomsday
doomsday	sadness	doomsday
doomsday	surprise	doomsday
doomsday	trust	doomsday
battered	anger	battered
battered	anticipation	battered
battered	disgust	battered
battered	fear	battered
battered	joy	battered
battered	negative	battered
battered	positive	battered
battered	sadness	battered
battered	surprise	battered
battered	trust	battered
hymn	anger	himno
hymn	anticipation	de himno
hymn	disgust	de himno
hymn	fear	de himno
hymn	joy	himno
hymn	negative	de himno
hymn	positive	de himno
hymn	sadness	de himno
hymn	surprise	himno
hymn	trust	de himno
pithy	anger	pithy
pithy	anticipation	pithy
pithy	disgust	pithy
pithy	fear	pithy
pithy	joy	pithy
pithy	negative	pithy
pithy	positive	pithy
pithy	sadness	pithy
pithy	surprise	pithy
pithy	trust	pithy
continuous	anger	continuo
continuous	anticipation	continuo
continuous	disgust	continuo
continuous	fear	continuo
continuous	joy	continuo
continuous	negative	continuo
continuous	positive	continuo
continuous	sadness	continuo
continuous	surprise	continuo
continuous	trust	continuo
animal	anger	animal
animal	anticipation	animal
animal	disgust	animal
animal	fear	animal
animal	joy	animal
animal	negative	animal
animal	positive	animal
animal	sadness	charco
animal	surprise	de charco
animal	trust	animal
puddle	anger	animal
puddle	anticipation	animal
puddle	disgust	charco
puddle	fear	de charco
puddle	joy	de charco
puddle	negative	de charco
puddle	positive	charco
puddle	sadness	de charco
puddle	surprise	de charco
puddle	trust	de charco
aquamarine	anger	aquamarine
aquamarine	anticipation	aquamarine
aquamarine	disgust	aquamarine
aquamarine	fear	aquamarine
aquamarine	joy	aquamarine
aquamarine	negative	aquamarine
aquamarine	positive	aquamarine
aquamarine	sadness	aquamarine
aquamarine	surprise	aquamarine
aquamarine	trust	aquamarine
observant	anger	observador
observant	anticipation	observador
observant	disgust	observador
observant	fear	observador
observant	joy	observador
observant	negative	observador
observant	positive	observador
observant	sadness	observador
observant	surprise	observador
observant	trust	observador
primitive	anger	primitivo
primitive	anticipation	primitivo
primitive	disgust	primitivo
primitive	fear	primitivo
primitive	joy	primitivo
primitive	negative	primitivo
primitive	positive	primitivo
primitive	sadness	capote
primitive	surprise	de capote
primitive	trust	primitivo
hood	anger	primitivo
hood	anticipation	primitivo
hood	disgust	capote
hood	fear	de capote
hood	joy	de capote
hood	negative	de capote
hood	positive	capote
hood	sadness	de capote
hood	surprise	de capote
hood	trust	de capote
provost	anger	provost
provost	anticipation	provost
provost	disgust	provost
provost	fear	provost
provost	joy	provost
provost	negative	provost
provost	positive	provost
provost	sadness	provost
provost	surprise	provost
provost	trust	provost
fertilize	anger	fertilize
fertilize	anticipation	fertilize
fertilize	disgust	fertilize
fertilize	fear	fertilize
fertilize	joy	fertilize
fertilize	negative	fertilize
fertilize	positive	fertilize
fertilize	sadness	fertilize
fertilize	surprise	fertilize
fertilize	trust	fertilize
lesser	anger	menor
lesser	anticipation	menor
lesser	disgust	menor
lesser	fear	menor
lesser	joy	menor
lesser	negative	menor
lesser	positive	menor
lesser	sadness	menor
lesser	surprise	menor
lesser	trust	menor
ringing	anger	ringing
ringing	anticipation	ringing
ringing	disgust	ringing
ringing	fear	ringing
ringing	joy	ringing
ringing	negative	ringing
ringing	positive	ringing
ringing	sadness	ringing
ringing	surprise	ringing
ringing	trust	ringing
emit	anger	emit
emit	anticipation	emit
emit	disgust	emit
emit	fear	emit
emit	joy	emit
emit	negative	emit
emit	positive	emit
emit	sadness	emit
emit	surprise	emit
emit	trust	emit
imam	anger	imam
imam	anticipation	imam
imam	disgust	imam
imam	fear	imam
imam	joy	imam
imam	negative	imam
imam	positive	imam
imam	sadness	imam
imam	surprise	imam
imam	trust	imam
trace	anger	rastro
trace	anticipation	de rastro
trace	disgust	de rastro
trace	fear	de rastro
trace	joy	rastro
trace	negative	de rastro
trace	positive	de rastro
trace	sadness	de rastro
trace	surprise	rastro
trace	trust	de rastro
dreary	anger	dreary
dreary	anticipation	dreary
dreary	disgust	dreary
dreary	fear	dreary
dreary	joy	dreary
dreary	negative	dreary
dreary	positive	dreary
dreary	sadness	dreary
dreary	surprise	dreary
dreary	trust	dreary
extra	anger	extra
extra	anticipation	extra
extra	disgust	extra
extra	fear	extra
extra	joy	extra
extra	negative	extra
extra	positive	extra
extra	sadness	extra
extra	surprise	extra
extra	trust	extra
touched	anger	tocó
touched	anticipation	tocado
touched	disgust	tocó
touched	fear	tocado
touched	joy	tocó
touched	negative	tocado
touched	positive	tocó
touched	sadness	tocado
touched	surprise	tocó
touched	trust	mendigo
beggar	anger	de mendigo
beggar	anticipation	de mendigo
beggar	disgust	tocado
beggar	fear	mendigo
beggar	joy	de mendigo
beggar	negative	de mendigo
beggar	positive	de mendigo
beggar	sadness	mendigo
beggar	surprise	de mendigo
beggar	trust	del mendigo
unobserved	anger	desapercibido
unobserved	anticipation	desapercibido
unobserved	disgust	desapercibido
unobserved	fear	desapercibido
unobserved	joy	desapercibido
unobserved	negative	desapercibido
unobserved	positive	desapercibido
unobserved	sadness	tirantes
unobserved	surprise	de tirantes
unobserved	trust	desapercibidos
braces	anger	desapercibidos
braces	anticipation	desapercibidos
braces	disgust	tirantes
braces	fear	de tirantes
braces	joy	de tirantes
braces	negative	de tirantes
braces	positive	tirantes
braces	sadness	de tirantes
braces	surprise	de tirantes
braces	trust	de tirantes
untouched	anger	untouched
untouched	anticipation	untouched
untouched	disgust	untouched
untouched	fear	untouched
untouched	joy	untouched
untouched	negative	untouched
untouched	positive	untouched
untouched	sadness	untouched
untouched	surprise	untouched
untouched	trust	untouched
rope	anger	cuerda
rope	anticipation	de cuerda
rope	disgust	de cuerda
rope	fear	de cuerda
rope	joy	cuerda
rope	negative	de cuerda
rope	positive	de cuerda
rope	sadness	de cuerda
rope	surprise	cuerda
rope	trust	de cuerda
contemporary	anger	contemporánea
contemporary	anticipation	contemporáneo
contemporary	disgust	contemporáneo
contemporary	fear	contemporáneo
contemporary	joy	contemporáneo
contemporary	negative	contemporáneo
contemporary	positive	contemporáneo
contemporary	sadness	contemporáneo
contemporary	surprise	contemporáneo
contemporary	trust	contemporáneo
equate	anger	equiparar
equate	anticipation	equiparar
equate	disgust	equiparar
equate	fear	equiparar
equate	joy	equiparar
equate	negative	equiparar
equate	positive	equiparar
equate	sadness	equiparar
equate	surprise	equiparar
equate	trust	equiparar
executor	anger	executor
executor	anticipation	executor
executor	disgust	executor
executor	fear	executor
executor	joy	executor
executor	negative	executor
executor	positive	executor
executor	sadness	executor
executor	surprise	executor
executor	trust	executor
cone	anger	cono
cone	anticipation	de cono
cone	disgust	de cono
cone	fear	de cono
cone	joy	cono
cone	negative	de cono
cone	positive	de cono
cone	sadness	de cono
cone	surprise	cono
cone	trust	de cono
motto	anger	motto
motto	anticipation	motto
motto	disgust	motto
motto	fear	motto
motto	joy	motto
motto	negative	motto
motto	positive	motto
motto	sadness	motto
motto	surprise	motto
motto	trust	motto
wimpy	anger	wimpy
wimpy	anticipation	wimpy
wimpy	disgust	wimpy
wimpy	fear	wimpy
wimpy	joy	wimpy
wimpy	negative	wimpy
wimpy	positive	wimpy
wimpy	sadness	wimpy
wimpy	surprise	wimpy
wimpy	trust	wimpy
unread	anger	unread
unread	anticipation	unread
unread	disgust	unread
unread	fear	unread
unread	joy	unread
unread	negative	unread
unread	positive	unread
unread	sadness	unread
unread	surprise	unread
unread	trust	unread
continent	anger	continente
continent	anticipation	de continente
continent	disgust	de continente
continent	fear	de continente
continent	joy	continente
continent	negative	de continente
continent	positive	de continente
continent	sadness	de continente
continent	surprise	seguridad
continent	trust	de seguridad
security	anger	de continente
security	anticipation	de continente
security	disgust	seguridad
security	fear	de seguridad
security	joy	de seguridad
security	negative	de seguridad
security	positive	seguridad
security	sadness	de seguridad
security	surprise	de seguridad
security	trust	de seguridad
improved	anger	mejoró
improved	anticipation	mejorada
improved	disgust	mejoró
improved	fear	mejorado
improved	joy	mejoró
improved	negative	mejorado
improved	positive	mejoró
improved	sadness	mejorado
improved	surprise	mejoró
improved	trust	prudencia
prudence	anger	de prudencia
prudence	anticipation	de prudencia
prudence	disgust	mejorada
prudence	fear	prudencia
prudence	joy	de prudencia
prudence	negative	de prudencia
prudence	positive	de prudencia
prudence	sadness	lóbulo
prudence	surprise	de prudencia
prudence	trust	de prudencia
lobe	anger	de prudencia
lobe	anticipation	lóbulo
lobe	disgust	de lóbulo
lobe	fear	de lóbulo
lobe	joy	de lóbulo
lobe	negative	lóbulo
lobe	positive	de lóbulo
lobe	sadness	de lóbulo
lobe	surprise	de lóbulo
lobe	trust	rugido
roar	anger	de rugido
roar	anticipation	de rugido
roar	disgust	de lóbulo
roar	fear	rugido
roar	joy	de rugido
roar	negative	de rugido
roar	positive	de rugido
roar	sadness	surco
roar	surprise	de rugido
roar	trust	de rugido
groove	anger	de rugido
groove	anticipation	surco
groove	disgust	de surco
groove	fear	de surco
groove	joy	de surco
groove	negative	surco
groove	positive	de surco
groove	sadness	de surco
groove	surprise	de surco
groove	trust	surco
mending	anger	mending
mending	anticipation	mending
mending	disgust	mending
mending	fear	mending
mending	joy	mending
mending	negative	mending
mending	positive	mending
mending	sadness	mending
mending	surprise	mending
mending	trust	mending
cheap	anger	barato
cheap	anticipation	barato
cheap	disgust	barato
cheap	fear	barato
cheap	joy	barato
cheap	negative	barato
cheap	positive	barato
cheap	sadness	sueldos
cheap	surprise	de sueldos
cheap	trust	baratos
wages	anger	baratos
wages	anticipation	baratos
wages	disgust	sueldos
wages	fear	de sueldos
wages	joy	de sueldos
wages	negative	de sueldos
wages	positive	sueldos
wages	sadness	de sueldos
wages	surprise	de sueldos
wages	trust	de sueldos
costly	anger	costosos
costly	anticipation	costosos
costly	disgust	costosos
costly	fear	costosos
costly	joy	costosos
costly	negative	costosos
costly	positive	costosos
costly	sadness	costosos
costly	surprise	costosos
costly	trust	costosos
twofold	anger	dobles
twofold	anticipation	dobles
twofold	disgust	dobles
twofold	fear	dobles
twofold	joy	dobles
twofold	negative	dobles
twofold	positive	dobles
twofold	sadness	dobles
twofold	surprise	dobles
twofold	trust	dobles
paddock	anger	paddock
paddock	anticipation	paddock
paddock	disgust	paddock
paddock	fear	paddock
paddock	joy	paddock
paddock	negative	paddock
paddock	positive	paddock
paddock	sadness	paddock
paddock	surprise	paddock
paddock	trust	paddock
cyclical	anger	cyclical
cyclical	anticipation	cyclical
cyclical	disgust	cyclical
cyclical	fear	cyclical
cyclical	joy	cyclical
cyclical	negative	cyclical
cyclical	positive	cyclical
cyclical	sadness	cyclical
cyclical	surprise	cyclical
cyclical	trust	cyclical
kernel	anger	kernel
kernel	anticipation	kernel
kernel	disgust	kernel
kernel	fear	kernel
kernel	joy	kernel
kernel	negative	kernel
kernel	positive	kernel
kernel	sadness	kernel
kernel	surprise	kernel
kernel	trust	kernel
dilemma	anger	dilema
dilemma	anticipation	de dilema
dilemma	disgust	de dilema
dilemma	fear	de dilema
dilemma	joy	dilema
dilemma	negative	de dilema
dilemma	positive	de dilema
dilemma	sadness	de dilema
dilemma	surprise	cuentas
dilemma	trust	de dilema
beads	anger	del dilema
beads	anticipation	gotea
beads	disgust	las cuentas
beads	fear	gotea
beads	joy	las cuentas
beads	negative	gotea
beads	positive	las cuentas
beads	sadness	gotea
beads	surprise	las cuentas
beads	trust	gotea
operation	anger	operación
operation	anticipation	de operación
operation	disgust	de operación
operation	fear	de operación
operation	joy	operación
operation	negative	de operación
operation	positive	de operación
operation	sadness	de operación
operation	surprise	bragas
operation	trust	de bragas
knickers	anger	de operación
knickers	anticipation	de operación
knickers	disgust	bragas
knickers	fear	de bragas
knickers	joy	de bragas
knickers	negative	de bragas
knickers	positive	bragas
knickers	sadness	de bragas
knickers	surprise	de bragas
knickers	trust	de bragas
afflict	anger	afligen
afflict	anticipation	afligir
afflict	disgust	afligir
afflict	fear	afligir
afflict	joy	afligir
afflict	negative	afligir
afflict	positive	afligir
afflict	sadness	afligir
afflict	surprise	afligir
afflict	trust	afligir
forbid	anger	prohibir
forbid	anticipation	prohibir
forbid	disgust	prohibir
forbid	fear	prohibir
forbid	joy	prohibir
forbid	negative	prohibir
forbid	positive	prohibir
forbid	sadness	prohibir
forbid	surprise	prohibir
forbid	trust	prohibir
hypertrophy	anger	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	anticipation	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	disgust	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	fear	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	joy	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	negative	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	positive	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	sadness	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	surprise	hypertrophy
hypertrophy	trust	hypertrophy
pole	anger	polo
pole	anticipation	de polo
pole	disgust	de polo
pole	fear	de polo
pole	joy	polo
pole	negative	de polo
pole	positive	de polo
pole	sadness	de polo
pole	surprise	muleta
pole	trust	de muleta
crutch	anger	de polo
crutch	anticipation	de polo
crutch	disgust	muleta
crutch	fear	de muleta
crutch	joy	de muleta
crutch	negative	de muleta
crutch	positive	muleta
crutch	sadness	de muleta
crutch	surprise	de muleta
crutch	trust	de muleta que
retiring	anger	se retira
retiring	anticipation	retirándose
retiring	disgust	retirándose
retiring	fear	retirándose
retiring	joy	retirándose
retiring	negative	retirándose
retiring	positive	retirándose
retiring	sadness	retirándose
retiring	surprise	retirándose
retiring	trust	retirándose
iniquity	anger	iniquidad
iniquity	anticipation	de iniquidad
iniquity	disgust	de iniquidad
iniquity	fear	de iniquidad
iniquity	joy	iniquidad
iniquity	negative	de iniquidad
iniquity	positive	de iniquidad
iniquity	sadness	de iniquidad
iniquity	surprise	iniquidad
iniquity	trust	de iniquidad
opposing	anger	opposing
opposing	anticipation	opposing
opposing	disgust	opposing
opposing	fear	opposing
opposing	joy	opposing
opposing	negative	opposing
opposing	positive	opposing
opposing	sadness	opposing
opposing	surprise	opposing
opposing	trust	opposing
gunpowder	anger	pólvora
gunpowder	anticipation	de pólvora
gunpowder	disgust	de pólvora
gunpowder	fear	de pólvora
gunpowder	joy	pólvora
gunpowder	negative	de pólvora
gunpowder	positive	de pólvora
gunpowder	sadness	de pólvora
gunpowder	surprise	martingala
gunpowder	trust	de martingala
martingale	anger	de pólvora
martingale	anticipation	de pólvora
martingale	disgust	martingala
martingale	fear	de martingala
martingale	joy	de martingala
martingale	negative	de martingala
martingale	positive	martingala
martingale	sadness	de martingala
martingale	surprise	de martingala
martingale	trust	de martingala
fairy	anger	hada
fairy	anticipation	de hada
fairy	disgust	de hada
fairy	fear	de hada
fairy	joy	hada
fairy	negative	de hada
fairy	positive	de hada
fairy	sadness	de hada
fairy	surprise	hada
fairy	trust	de hada
sensation	anger	sensation
sensation	anticipation	sensation
sensation	disgust	sensation
sensation	fear	sensation
sensation	joy	sensation
sensation	negative	sensation
sensation	positive	sensation
sensation	sadness	sensation
sensation	surprise	sensation
sensation	trust	sensation
homage	anger	homenaje
homage	anticipation	de homenaje
homage	disgust	de homenaje
homage	fear	de homenaje
homage	joy	homenaje
homage	negative	de homenaje
homage	positive	de homenaje
homage	sadness	de homenaje
homage	surprise	trigonometría
homage	trust	de trigonometría
trigonometry	anger	de homenaje
trigonometry	anticipation	de homenaje
trigonometry	disgust	trigonometría
trigonometry	fear	de trigonometría
trigonometry	joy	de trigonometría
trigonometry	negative	de trigonometría
trigonometry	positive	trigonometría
trigonometry	sadness	de trigonometría
trigonometry	surprise	de trigonometría
trigonometry	trust	de trigonometría
prism	anger	prisma
prism	anticipation	de prisma
prism	disgust	de prisma
prism	fear	de prisma
prism	joy	prisma
prism	negative	de prisma
prism	positive	de prisma
prism	sadness	de prisma
prism	surprise	ninfa
prism	trust	de ninfa
nymph	anger	de prisma
nymph	anticipation	de prisma
nymph	disgust	ninfa
nymph	fear	de ninfa
nymph	joy	de ninfa
nymph	negative	de ninfa
nymph	positive	ninfa
nymph	sadness	de ninfa
nymph	surprise	de ninfa
nymph	trust	de ninfa
gaol	anger	gaol
gaol	anticipation	gaol
gaol	disgust	gaol
gaol	fear	gaol
gaol	joy	gaol
gaol	negative	gaol
gaol	positive	gaol
gaol	sadness	gaol
gaol	surprise	gaol
gaol	trust	gaol
postulate	anger	postulado
postulate	anticipation	de postulado
postulate	disgust	de postulado
postulate	fear	de postulado
postulate	joy	postulado
postulate	negative	de postulado
postulate	positive	de postulado
postulate	sadness	de postulado
postulate	surprise	postulado
postulate	trust	de postulado
impermeable	anger	impermeable
impermeable	anticipation	impermeable
impermeable	disgust	impermeable
impermeable	fear	impermeable
impermeable	joy	impermeable
impermeable	negative	impermeable
impermeable	positive	impermeable
impermeable	sadness	impermeable
impermeable	surprise	impermeable
impermeable	trust	impermeable
varied	anger	diverso
varied	anticipation	diverso
varied	disgust	diverso
varied	fear	diverso
varied	joy	diverso
varied	negative	diverso
varied	positive	diverso
varied	sadness	diverso
varied	surprise	diverso
varied	trust	diverso
shelved	anger	dejó de lado
shelved	anticipation	dejado de lado
shelved	disgust	dejó de lado
shelved	fear	dejado de lado
shelved	joy	dejó de lado
shelved	negative	dejado de lado
shelved	positive	dejó de lado
shelved	sadness	dejado de lado
shelved	surprise	dejó de lado
shelved	trust	creador
creator	anger	de creador
creator	anticipation	de creador
creator	disgust	dejado de lado
creator	fear	creador
creator	joy	de creador
creator	negative	de creador
creator	positive	de creador
creator	sadness	caridad
creator	surprise	de creador
creator	trust	de creador
charity	anger	de creador
charity	anticipation	caridad
charity	disgust	de caridad
charity	fear	de caridad
charity	joy	de caridad
charity	negative	caridad
charity	positive	de caridad
charity	sadness	de caridad
charity	surprise	de caridad
charity	trust	erradicación
eradication	anger	de erradicación
eradication	anticipation	de erradicación
eradication	disgust	de caridad
eradication	fear	erradicación
eradication	joy	de erradicación
eradication	negative	de erradicación
eradication	positive	de erradicación
eradication	sadness	erradicación
eradication	surprise	de erradicación
eradication	trust	de la erradicación
pervading	anger	pervading
pervading	anticipation	pervading
pervading	disgust	pervading
pervading	fear	pervading
pervading	joy	pervading
pervading	negative	pervading
pervading	positive	pervading
pervading	sadness	pervading
pervading	surprise	pervading
pervading	trust	pervading
muses	anger	musas
muses	anticipation	de musas
muses	disgust	de musas
muses	fear	de musas
muses	joy	musas
muses	negative	de musas
muses	positive	de musas
muses	sadness	de musas
muses	surprise	cosecha
muses	trust	de cosecha
yield	anger	de musas
yield	anticipation	de musas
yield	disgust	cosecha
yield	fear	de cosecha
yield	joy	de cosecha
yield	negative	de cosecha
yield	positive	cosecha
yield	sadness	de cosecha
yield	surprise	de cosecha
yield	trust	de cosecha
revere	anger	revere
revere	anticipation	revere
revere	disgust	revere
revere	fear	revere
revere	joy	revere
revere	negative	revere
revere	positive	revere
revere	sadness	revere
revere	surprise	revere
revere	trust	revere
protective	anger	protector
protective	anticipation	protector
protective	disgust	protector
protective	fear	protector
protective	joy	protector
protective	negative	protector
protective	positive	protector
protective	sadness	protector
protective	surprise	protector
protective	trust	protector
locality	anger	locality
locality	anticipation	locality
locality	disgust	locality
locality	fear	locality
locality	joy	locality
locality	negative	locality
locality	positive	locality
locality	sadness	locality
locality	surprise	locality
locality	trust	locality
coyote	anger	coyote
coyote	anticipation	de coyote
coyote	disgust	de coyote
coyote	fear	de coyote
coyote	joy	coyote
coyote	negative	de coyote
coyote	positive	de coyote
coyote	sadness	de coyote
coyote	surprise	coyote
coyote	trust	de coyote
clump	anger	clump
clump	anticipation	clump
clump	disgust	clump
clump	fear	clump
clump	joy	clump
clump	negative	clump
clump	positive	clump
clump	sadness	clump
clump	surprise	clump
clump	trust	clump
redemption	anger	redemption
redemption	anticipation	redemption
redemption	disgust	redemption
redemption	fear	redemption
redemption	joy	redemption
redemption	negative	redemption
redemption	positive	redemption
redemption	sadness	redemption
redemption	surprise	redemption
redemption	trust	redemption
innocence	anger	inocencia
innocence	anticipation	de inocencia
innocence	disgust	de inocencia
innocence	fear	de inocencia
innocence	joy	inocencia
innocence	negative	de inocencia
innocence	positive	de inocencia
innocence	sadness	de inocencia
innocence	surprise	inocencia
innocence	trust	de inocencia
understood	anger	entendió
understood	anticipation	entendida
understood	disgust	entendió
understood	fear	entendido
understood	joy	entendió
understood	negative	entendido
understood	positive	entendió
understood	sadness	entendido
understood	surprise	entendió
understood	trust	entendido
sane	anger	sane
sane	anticipation	sane
sane	disgust	sane
sane	fear	sane
sane	joy	sane
sane	negative	sane
sane	positive	sane
sane	sadness	sane
sane	surprise	sane
sane	trust	sane
gelding	anger	gelding
gelding	anticipation	gelding
gelding	disgust	gelding
gelding	fear	gelding
gelding	joy	gelding
gelding	negative	gelding
gelding	positive	gelding
gelding	sadness	gelding
gelding	surprise	gelding
gelding	trust	gelding
active	anger	activo
active	anticipation	activo
active	disgust	activo
active	fear	activo
active	joy	activo
active	negative	activo
active	positive	activo
active	sadness	activo
active	surprise	activo
active	trust	activo
sprawl	anger	sprawl
sprawl	anticipation	sprawl
sprawl	disgust	sprawl
sprawl	fear	sprawl
sprawl	joy	sprawl
sprawl	negative	sprawl
sprawl	positive	sprawl
sprawl	sadness	sprawl
sprawl	surprise	sprawl
sprawl	trust	sprawl
glorify	anger	glorificar
glorify	anticipation	glorificar
glorify	disgust	glorificar
glorify	fear	glorificar
glorify	joy	glorificar
glorify	negative	glorificar
glorify	positive	glorificar
glorify	sadness	glorificar
glorify	surprise	glorificar
glorify	trust	glorificar
thick	anger	grueso
thick	anticipation	grueso
thick	disgust	grueso
thick	fear	grueso
thick	joy	grueso
thick	negative	grueso
thick	positive	grueso
thick	sadness	contabilidad
thick	surprise	de contabilidad
thick	trust	gruesa
accounting	anger	gruesa
accounting	anticipation	gruesa
accounting	disgust	contabilidad
accounting	fear	de contabilidad
accounting	joy	de contabilidad
accounting	negative	de contabilidad
accounting	positive	contabilidad
accounting	sadness	de contabilidad
accounting	surprise	de contabilidad
accounting	trust	de contabilidad
eugenics	anger	eugenesia
eugenics	anticipation	de eugenesia
eugenics	disgust	de eugenesia
eugenics	fear	de eugenesia
eugenics	joy	eugenesia
eugenics	negative	de eugenesia
eugenics	positive	de eugenesia
eugenics	sadness	de eugenesia
eugenics	surprise	eugenesia
eugenics	trust	de eugenesia
dampened	anger	humedeció
dampened	anticipation	humedecida
dampened	disgust	humedeció
dampened	fear	humedecido
dampened	joy	humedeció
dampened	negative	humedecido
dampened	positive	humedeció
dampened	sadness	humedecido
dampened	surprise	humedeció
dampened	trust	impacto
impact	anger	de impacto
impact	anticipation	de impacto
impact	disgust	humedecido
impact	fear	impacto
impact	joy	de impacto
impact	negative	de impacto
impact	positive	de impacto
impact	sadness	impacto
impact	surprise	de impacto
impact	trust	del impacto
conformance	anger	conformance
conformance	anticipation	conformance
conformance	disgust	conformance
conformance	fear	conformance
conformance	joy	conformance
conformance	negative	conformance
conformance	positive	conformance
conformance	sadness	conformance
conformance	surprise	conformance
conformance	trust	conformance
thoughts	anger	pensamientos
thoughts	anticipation	de pensamientos
thoughts	disgust	de pensamientos
thoughts	fear	de pensamientos
thoughts	joy	pensamientos
thoughts	negative	de pensamientos
thoughts	positive	de pensamientos
thoughts	sadness	de pensamientos
thoughts	surprise	pensamientos
thoughts	trust	de pensamientos
papacy	anger	papacy
papacy	anticipation	papacy
papacy	disgust	papacy
papacy	fear	papacy
papacy	joy	papacy
papacy	negative	papacy
papacy	positive	papacy
papacy	sadness	papacy
papacy	surprise	papacy
papacy	trust	papacy
wristband	anger	wristband
wristband	anticipation	wristband
wristband	disgust	wristband
wristband	fear	wristband
wristband	joy	wristband
wristband	negative	wristband
wristband	positive	wristband
wristband	sadness	wristband
wristband	surprise	wristband
wristband	trust	wristband
sash	anger	sash
sash	anticipation	sash
sash	disgust	sash
sash	fear	sash
sash	joy	sash
sash	negative	sash
sash	positive	sash
sash	sadness	sash
sash	surprise	sash
sash	trust	sash
forethought	anger	forethought
forethought	anticipation	forethought
forethought	disgust	forethought
forethought	fear	forethought
forethought	joy	forethought
forethought	negative	forethought
forethought	positive	forethought
forethought	sadness	forethought
forethought	surprise	forethought
forethought	trust	forethought
faithful	anger	fieles
faithful	anticipation	fieles
faithful	disgust	fieles
faithful	fear	fieles
faithful	joy	fieles
faithful	negative	fieles
faithful	positive	fieles
faithful	sadness	fieles
faithful	surprise	fieles
faithful	trust	fieles
diplomatic	anger	diplomáticos
diplomatic	anticipation	diplomáticos
diplomatic	disgust	diplomáticos
diplomatic	fear	diplomáticos
diplomatic	joy	diplomáticos
diplomatic	negative	diplomáticos
diplomatic	positive	diplomáticos
diplomatic	sadness	conglomerado
diplomatic	surprise	de conglomerado
diplomatic	trust	diplomático
conglomerate	anger	diplomático
conglomerate	anticipation	diplomático
conglomerate	disgust	conglomerado
conglomerate	fear	de conglomerado
conglomerate	joy	de conglomerado
conglomerate	negative	de conglomerado
conglomerate	positive	conglomerado
conglomerate	sadness	de conglomerado
conglomerate	surprise	de conglomerado
conglomerate	trust	de conglomerado
trite	anger	trillado
trite	anticipation	trillado
trite	disgust	trillado
trite	fear	trillado
trite	joy	trillado
trite	negative	trillado
trite	positive	trillado
trite	sadness	trillado
trite	surprise	trillado
trite	trust	trillado
negotiate	anger	negociar
negotiate	anticipation	negociar
negotiate	disgust	negociar
negotiate	fear	negociar
negotiate	joy	negociar
negotiate	negative	negociar
negotiate	positive	negociar
negotiate	sadness	negociar
negotiate	surprise	negociar
negotiate	trust	negociar
raising	anger	levantando
raising	anticipation	levantando
raising	disgust	levantando
raising	fear	levantando
raising	joy	levantando
raising	negative	levantando
raising	positive	levantando
raising	sadness	levantando
raising	surprise	levantando
raising	trust	levantando
reservoir	anger	reservoir
reservoir	anticipation	reservoir
reservoir	disgust	reservoir
reservoir	fear	reservoir
reservoir	joy	reservoir
reservoir	negative	reservoir
reservoir	positive	reservoir
reservoir	sadness	reservoir
reservoir	surprise	reservoir
reservoir	trust	reservoir
predictive	anger	predictivo
predictive	anticipation	predictivo
predictive	disgust	predictivo
predictive	fear	predictivo
predictive	joy	predictivo
predictive	negative	predictivo
predictive	positive	predictivo
predictive	sadness	cápsula
predictive	surprise	de cápsula
predictive	trust	predictiva
capsule	anger	predictiva
capsule	anticipation	predictiva
capsule	disgust	cápsula
capsule	fear	de cápsula
capsule	joy	de cápsula
capsule	negative	de cápsula
capsule	positive	cápsula
capsule	sadness	de cápsula
capsule	surprise	de cápsula
capsule	trust	de cápsula
precedent	anger	precedente
precedent	anticipation	de precedente
precedent	disgust	de precedente
precedent	fear	de precedente
precedent	joy	precedente
precedent	negative	de precedente
precedent	positive	de precedente
precedent	sadness	de precedente
precedent	surprise	precedente
precedent	trust	de precedente
willingly	anger	de buen grado
willingly	anticipation	de buen grado
willingly	disgust	de buen grado
willingly	fear	de buen grado
willingly	joy	de buen grado
willingly	negative	de buen grado
willingly	positive	de buen grado
willingly	sadness	de buen grado
willingly	surprise	de buen grado
willingly	trust	de buen grado
contrived	anger	ideó
contrived	anticipation	ideado
contrived	disgust	ideó
contrived	fear	ideado
contrived	joy	ideó
contrived	negative	ideado
contrived	positive	ideó
contrived	sadness	ideado
contrived	surprise	ideó
contrived	trust	ideado
inferno	anger	inferno
inferno	anticipation	inferno
inferno	disgust	inferno
inferno	fear	inferno
inferno	joy	inferno
inferno	negative	inferno
inferno	positive	inferno
inferno	sadness	inferno
inferno	surprise	inferno
inferno	trust	inferno
lin	anger	lin
lin	anticipation	lin
lin	disgust	lin
lin	fear	lin
lin	joy	lin
lin	negative	lin
lin	positive	lin
lin	sadness	lin
lin	surprise	lin
lin	trust	lin
unattractive	anger	unattractive
unattractive	anticipation	unattractive
unattractive	disgust	unattractive
unattractive	fear	unattractive
unattractive	joy	unattractive
unattractive	negative	unattractive
unattractive	positive	unattractive
unattractive	sadness	unattractive
unattractive	surprise	unattractive
unattractive	trust	unattractive
snacks	anger	bocados
snacks	anticipation	de bocados
snacks	disgust	de bocados
snacks	fear	de bocados
snacks	joy	bocados
snacks	negative	de bocados
snacks	positive	de bocados
snacks	sadness	de bocados
snacks	surprise	justificación
snacks	trust	de justificación
justification	anger	de bocados
justification	anticipation	de bocados
justification	disgust	justificación
justification	fear	de justificación
justification	joy	de justificación
justification	negative	de justificación
justification	positive	justificación
justification	sadness	de justificación
justification	surprise	de justificación
justification	trust	de justificación
quill	anger	púa
quill	anticipation	de púa
quill	disgust	de púa
quill	fear	de púa
quill	joy	púa
quill	negative	de púa
quill	positive	de púa
quill	sadness	de púa
quill	surprise	púa
quill	trust	de púa
prosecutor	anger	prosecutor
prosecutor	anticipation	prosecutor
prosecutor	disgust	prosecutor
prosecutor	fear	prosecutor
prosecutor	joy	prosecutor
prosecutor	negative	prosecutor
prosecutor	positive	prosecutor
prosecutor	sadness	prosecutor
prosecutor	surprise	prosecutor
prosecutor	trust	prosecutor
prevalence	anger	prevalence
prevalence	anticipation	prevalence
prevalence	disgust	prevalence
prevalence	fear	prevalence
prevalence	joy	prevalence
prevalence	negative	prevalence
prevalence	positive	prevalence
prevalence	sadness	prevalence
prevalence	surprise	prevalence
prevalence	trust	prevalence
elusive	anger	esquivo
elusive	anticipation	esquivo
elusive	disgust	esquivo
elusive	fear	esquivo
elusive	joy	esquivo
elusive	negative	esquivo
elusive	positive	esquivo
elusive	sadness	esquivo
elusive	surprise	esquivo
elusive	trust	esquivo
brevity	anger	brevity
brevity	anticipation	brevity
brevity	disgust	brevity
brevity	fear	brevity
brevity	joy	brevity
brevity	negative	brevity
brevity	positive	brevity
brevity	sadness	brevity
brevity	surprise	brevity
brevity	trust	brevity
photogenic	anger	photogenic
photogenic	anticipation	photogenic
photogenic	disgust	photogenic
photogenic	fear	photogenic
photogenic	joy	photogenic
photogenic	negative	photogenic
photogenic	positive	photogenic
photogenic	sadness	photogenic
photogenic	surprise	photogenic
photogenic	trust	photogenic
cemetery	anger	cementerio
cemetery	anticipation	de cementerio
cemetery	disgust	de cementerio
cemetery	fear	de cementerio
cemetery	joy	cementerio
cemetery	negative	de cementerio
cemetery	positive	de cementerio
cemetery	sadness	de cementerio
cemetery	surprise	cementerio
cemetery	trust	de cementerio
pistol	anger	pistol
pistol	anticipation	
pistol	disgust	pistol
pistol	fear	pistol
pistol	joy	pistol
pistol	negative	pistol
pistol	positive	pistol
pistol	sadness	pistol
pistol	surprise	pistol
pistol	trust	pistol
pedal	anger	pistol
pedal	anticipation	pedial pedial
pedal	disgust	pedial
pedal	fear	pedial
pedal	joy	pedial
pedal	negative	pedial
pedal	positive	pedial
pedal	sadness	pedial
pedal	surprise	pedial
pedal	trust	pedial
inclement	anger	inclemente
inclement	anticipation	inclemente
inclement	disgust	inclemente
inclement	fear	inclemente
inclement	joy	inclemente
inclement	negative	inclemente
inclement	positive	inclemente
inclement	sadness	cubierta
inclement	surprise	de cubierta
inclement	trust	inclemente
deck	anger	inclemente
deck	anticipation	inclemente
deck	disgust	cubierta
deck	fear	de cubierta
deck	joy	de cubierta
deck	negative	de cubierta
deck	positive	cubierta
deck	sadness	de cubierta
deck	surprise	de cubierta
deck	trust	de cubierta
triangle	anger	triángulo
triangle	anticipation	de triángulo
triangle	disgust	de triángulo
triangle	fear	de triángulo
triangle	joy	triángulo
triangle	negative	de triángulo
triangle	positive	de triángulo
triangle	sadness	de triángulo
triangle	surprise	triángulo
triangle	trust	de triángulo
sumo	anger	sumo
sumo	anticipation	sumo
sumo	disgust	sumo
sumo	fear	sumo
sumo	joy	sumo
sumo	negative	sumo
sumo	positive	sumo
sumo	sadness	sumo
sumo	surprise	sumo
sumo	trust	sumo
disinfection	anger	desinfección
disinfection	anticipation	de desinfección
disinfection	disgust	de desinfección
disinfection	fear	de desinfección
disinfection	joy	desinfección
disinfection	negative	de desinfección
disinfection	positive	de desinfección
disinfection	sadness	de desinfección
disinfection	surprise	desinfección
disinfection	trust	de desinfección
destructive	anger	destructiva
destructive	anticipation	destructivo
destructive	disgust	destructivo
destructive	fear	destructivo
destructive	joy	destructivo
destructive	negative	destructivo
destructive	positive	destructivo
destructive	sadness	destructivo
destructive	surprise	destructivo
destructive	trust	destructivo
unlock	anger	unlock
unlock	anticipation	unlock
unlock	disgust	unlock
unlock	fear	unlock
unlock	joy	unlock
unlock	negative	unlock
unlock	positive	unlock
unlock	sadness	unlock
unlock	surprise	unlock
unlock	trust	unlock
unfinished	anger	inacabado
unfinished	anticipation	inacabado
unfinished	disgust	inacabado
unfinished	fear	inacabado
unfinished	joy	inacabado
unfinished	negative	inacabado
unfinished	positive	inacabado
unfinished	sadness	inacabado
unfinished	surprise	inacabado
unfinished	trust	inacabado
surge	anger	surge
surge	anticipation	surge
surge	disgust	surge
surge	fear	surge
surge	joy	surge
surge	negative	surge
surge	positive	surge
surge	sadness	surge
surge	surprise	surge
surge	trust	surge
baseboard	anger	baseboard
baseboard	anticipation	baseboard
baseboard	disgust	baseboard
baseboard	fear	baseboard
baseboard	joy	baseboard
baseboard	negative	baseboard
baseboard	positive	baseboard
baseboard	sadness	baseboard
baseboard	surprise	baseboard
baseboard	trust	baseboard
layer	anger	capa
layer	anticipation	de capa
layer	disgust	de capa
layer	fear	de capa
layer	joy	capa
layer	negative	de capa
layer	positive	de capa
layer	sadness	de capa
layer	surprise	vértebra
layer	trust	de vértebra
vertebra	anger	de capa
vertebra	anticipation	de capa
vertebra	disgust	vértebra
vertebra	fear	de vértebra
vertebra	joy	de vértebra
vertebra	negative	de vértebra
vertebra	positive	vértebra
vertebra	sadness	de vértebra
vertebra	surprise	de vértebra
vertebra	trust	de vértebra
sewerage	anger	alcantarillado
sewerage	anticipation	de alcantarillado
sewerage	disgust	de alcantarillado
sewerage	fear	de alcantarillado
sewerage	joy	alcantarillado
sewerage	negative	de alcantarillado
sewerage	positive	de alcantarillado
sewerage	sadness	de alcantarillado
sewerage	surprise	detección
sewerage	trust	de detección
detection	anger	de alcantarillado
detection	anticipation	de alcantarillado
detection	disgust	detección
detection	fear	de detección
detection	joy	de detección
detection	negative	de detección
detection	positive	detección
detection	sadness	de detección
detection	surprise	de detección
detection	trust	de detección
bystander	anger	bystander
bystander	anticipation	bystander
bystander	disgust	bystander
bystander	fear	bystander
bystander	joy	bystander
bystander	negative	bystander
bystander	positive	bystander
bystander	sadness	bystander
bystander	surprise	bystander
bystander	trust	bystander
powerfully	anger	poderosamente
powerfully	anticipation	poderosamente
powerfully	disgust	poderosamente
powerfully	fear	poderosamente
powerfully	joy	poderosamente
powerfully	negative	poderosamente
powerfully	positive	poderosamente
powerfully	sadness	poderosamente
powerfully	surprise	poderosamente
powerfully	trust	poderosamente
added	anger	añadió
added	anticipation	añadido
added	disgust	añadió
added	fear	añadido
added	joy	añadió
added	negative	añadido
added	positive	añadió
added	sadness	añadido
added	surprise	añadió
added	trust	añadido
ineffective	anger	ineficaz
ineffective	anticipation	ineficaz
ineffective	disgust	ineficaz
ineffective	fear	ineficaz
ineffective	joy	ineficaz
ineffective	negative	ineficaz
ineffective	positive	ineficaz
ineffective	sadness	restos
ineffective	surprise	ineficaces
ineffective	trust	ineficaces
remains	anger	ineficaces
remains	anticipation	queda
remains	disgust	los restos
remains	fear	queda
remains	joy	los restos
remains	negative	queda
remains	positive	los restos
remains	sadness	queda
remains	surprise	los restos
remains	trust	queda
abstraction	anger	abstracción
abstraction	anticipation	de abstracción
abstraction	disgust	de abstracción
abstraction	fear	de abstracción
abstraction	joy	abstracción
abstraction	negative	de abstracción
abstraction	positive	de abstracción
abstraction	sadness	de abstracción
abstraction	surprise	abstracción
abstraction	trust	de abstracción
repute	anger	repute
repute	anticipation	repute
repute	disgust	repute
repute	fear	repute
repute	joy	repute
repute	negative	repute
repute	positive	repute
repute	sadness	repute
repute	surprise	repute
repute	trust	repute
unattainable	anger	unattainable
unattainable	anticipation	unattainable
unattainable	disgust	unattainable
unattainable	fear	unattainable
unattainable	joy	unattainable
unattainable	negative	unattainable
unattainable	positive	unattainable
unattainable	sadness	unattainable
unattainable	surprise	unattainable
unattainable	trust	unattainable
presentment	anger	presentment
presentment	anticipation	presentment
presentment	disgust	presentment
presentment	fear	presentment
presentment	joy	presentment
presentment	negative	presentment
presentment	positive	presentment
presentment	sadness	presentment
presentment	surprise	presentment
presentment	trust	presentment
demise	anger	defunción
demise	anticipation	de defunción
demise	disgust	de defunción
demise	fear	de defunción
demise	joy	defunción
demise	negative	de defunción
demise	positive	de defunción
demise	sadness	de defunción
demise	surprise	defunción
demise	trust	de defunción
morass	anger	morass
morass	anticipation	morass
morass	disgust	morass
morass	fear	morass
morass	joy	morass
morass	negative	morass
morass	positive	morass
morass	sadness	morass
morass	surprise	morass
morass	trust	morass
delusion	anger	delusion
delusion	anticipation	delusion
delusion	disgust	delusion
delusion	fear	delusion
delusion	joy	delusion
delusion	negative	delusion
delusion	positive	delusion
delusion	sadness	delusion
delusion	surprise	delusion
delusion	trust	delusion
extant	anger	extant
extant	anticipation	extant
extant	disgust	extant
extant	fear	extant
extant	joy	extant
extant	negative	extant
extant	positive	extant
extant	sadness	extant
extant	surprise	extant
extant	trust	extant
sanctified	anger	santificó
sanctified	anticipation	santificado
sanctified	disgust	santificó
sanctified	fear	santificado
sanctified	joy	santificó
sanctified	negative	santificado
sanctified	positive	santificó
sanctified	sadness	santificado
sanctified	surprise	santificó
sanctified	trust	santificado
grab	anger	grab
grab	anticipation	grab
grab	disgust	grab
grab	fear	grab
grab	joy	grab
grab	negative	grab
grab	positive	grab
grab	sadness	grab
grab	surprise	grab
grab	trust	grab
ampersand	anger	ampersand
ampersand	anticipation	ampersand
ampersand	disgust	ampersand
ampersand	fear	ampersand
ampersand	joy	ampersand
ampersand	negative	ampersand
ampersand	positive	ampersand
ampersand	sadness	ampersand
ampersand	surprise	ampersand
ampersand	trust	ampersand
occupier	anger	occupier
occupier	anticipation	occupier
occupier	disgust	occupier
occupier	fear	occupier
occupier	joy	occupier
occupier	negative	occupier
occupier	positive	occupier
occupier	sadness	occupier
occupier	surprise	occupier
occupier	trust	occupier
cognitive	anger	cognitivo
cognitive	anticipation	cognitivo
cognitive	disgust	cognitivo
cognitive	fear	cognitivo
cognitive	joy	cognitivo
cognitive	negative	cognitivo
cognitive	positive	cognitivo
cognitive	sadness	cognitivo
cognitive	surprise	cognitivo
cognitive	trust	cognitivo
branching	anger	branching
branching	anticipation	branching
branching	disgust	branching
branching	fear	branching
branching	joy	branching
branching	negative	branching
branching	positive	branching
branching	sadness	branching
branching	surprise	branching
branching	trust	branching
zealot	anger	zealot
zealot	anticipation	zealot
zealot	disgust	zealot
zealot	fear	zealot
zealot	joy	zealot
zealot	negative	zealot
zealot	positive	zealot
zealot	sadness	zealot
zealot	surprise	zealot
zealot	trust	zealot
strap	anger	correa
strap	anticipation	de correa
strap	disgust	de correa
strap	fear	de correa
strap	joy	correa
strap	negative	de correa
strap	positive	de correa
strap	sadness	de correa
strap	surprise	correa
strap	trust	de correa
provided	anger	proporcionó
provided	anticipation	proporcionada
provided	disgust	proporcionó
provided	fear	proporcionado
provided	joy	proporcionó
provided	negative	proporcionado
provided	positive	proporcionó
provided	sadness	proporcionado
provided	surprise	proporcionó
provided	trust	proporcionado
bewildered	anger	bewildered
bewildered	anticipation	bewildered
bewildered	disgust	bewildered
bewildered	fear	bewildered
bewildered	joy	bewildered
bewildered	negative	bewildered
bewildered	positive	bewildered
bewildered	sadness	bewildered
bewildered	surprise	bewildered
bewildered	trust	bewildered
hammering	anger	picando
hammering	anticipation	picando
hammering	disgust	picando
hammering	fear	picando
hammering	joy	picando
hammering	negative	picando
hammering	positive	picando
hammering	sadness	picando
hammering	surprise	picando
hammering	trust	picando
seaboard	anger	litoral
seaboard	anticipation	de litoral
seaboard	disgust	de litoral
seaboard	fear	de litoral
seaboard	joy	litoral
seaboard	negative	de litoral
seaboard	positive	de litoral
seaboard	sadness	de litoral
seaboard	surprise	litoral
seaboard	trust	de litoral
fasting	anger	fasting
fasting	anticipation	fasting
fasting	disgust	fasting
fasting	fear	fasting
fasting	joy	fasting
fasting	negative	fasting
fasting	positive	fasting
fasting	sadness	fasting
fasting	surprise	fasting
fasting	trust	fasting
lazy	anger	perezoso
lazy	anticipation	perezoso
lazy	disgust	perezoso
lazy	fear	perezoso
lazy	joy	perezoso
lazy	negative	perezoso
lazy	positive	perezoso
lazy	sadness	par
lazy	surprise	de par
lazy	trust	perezoso
couple	anger	perezoso
couple	anticipation	perezoso
couple	disgust	par
couple	fear	de par
couple	joy	de par
couple	negative	de par
couple	positive	par
couple	sadness	de par
couple	surprise	de par
couple	trust	de par
baroque	anger	barroco
baroque	anticipation	barroco
baroque	disgust	barroco
baroque	fear	barroco
baroque	joy	barroco
baroque	negative	barroco
baroque	positive	barroco
baroque	sadness	barroco
baroque	surprise	barroco
baroque	trust	barroco
tranquil	anger	tranquil
tranquil	anticipation	tranquil
tranquil	disgust	tranquil
tranquil	fear	tranquil
tranquil	joy	tranquil
tranquil	negative	tranquil
tranquil	positive	tranquil
tranquil	sadness	tranquil
tranquil	surprise	tranquil
tranquil	trust	tranquil
pliable	anger	pliable
pliable	anticipation	pliable
pliable	disgust	pliable
pliable	fear	pliable
pliable	joy	pliable
pliable	negative	pliable
pliable	positive	pliable
pliable	sadness	pliable
pliable	surprise	pliable
pliable	trust	pliable
contracting	anger	contratando
contracting	anticipation	contratando
contracting	disgust	contratando
contracting	fear	contratando
contracting	joy	contratando
contracting	negative	contratando
contracting	positive	contratando
contracting	sadness	contratando
contracting	surprise	contratando
contracting	trust	contratando
wickedness	anger	wickedness
wickedness	anticipation	wickedness
wickedness	disgust	wickedness
wickedness	fear	wickedness
wickedness	joy	wickedness
wickedness	negative	wickedness
wickedness	positive	wickedness
wickedness	sadness	wickedness
wickedness	surprise	wickedness
wickedness	trust	wickedness
sense	anger	sentido
sense	anticipation	de sentido
sense	disgust	de sentido
sense	fear	de sentido
sense	joy	sentido
sense	negative	de sentido
sense	positive	de sentido
sense	sadness	de sentido
sense	surprise	confederación
sense	trust	de confederación
confederation	anger	de sentido
confederation	anticipation	de sentido
confederation	disgust	confederación
confederation	fear	de confederación
confederation	joy	de confederación
confederation	negative	de confederación
confederation	positive	confederación
confederation	sadness	de confederación
confederation	surprise	de confederación
confederation	trust	de confederación
snout	anger	hocico
snout	anticipation	de hocico
snout	disgust	de hocico
snout	fear	de hocico
snout	joy	hocico
snout	negative	de hocico
snout	positive	de hocico
snout	sadness	de hocico
snout	surprise	mallas
snout	trust	de mallas
tights	anger	de hocico
tights	anticipation	de hocico
tights	disgust	mallas
tights	fear	de mallas
tights	joy	de mallas
tights	negative	de mallas
tights	positive	mallas
tights	sadness	de mallas
tights	surprise	de mallas
tights	trust	de mallas
acceleration	anger	aceleración
acceleration	anticipation	de aceleración
acceleration	disgust	de aceleración
acceleration	fear	de aceleración
acceleration	joy	aceleración
acceleration	negative	de aceleración
acceleration	positive	de aceleración
acceleration	sadness	de aceleración
acceleration	surprise	ira
acceleration	trust	de ira
ire	anger	de aceleración
ire	anticipation	de aceleración
ire	disgust	ira
ire	fear	de ira
ire	joy	de ira
ire	negative	de ira
ire	positive	ira
ire	sadness	de ira
ire	surprise	de ira
ire	trust	de ira
bark	anger	corteza
bark	anticipation	de corteza
bark	disgust	de corteza
bark	fear	de corteza
bark	joy	corteza
bark	negative	de corteza
bark	positive	de corteza
bark	sadness	de corteza
bark	surprise	cadencia
bark	trust	de cadencia
cadence	anger	de corteza
cadence	anticipation	de corteza
cadence	disgust	cadencia
cadence	fear	de cadencia
cadence	joy	de cadencia
cadence	negative	de cadencia
cadence	positive	cadencia
cadence	sadness	de cadencia
cadence	surprise	de cadencia
cadence	trust	de cadencia
abrasion	anger	abrasión
abrasion	anticipation	de abrasión
abrasion	disgust	de abrasión
abrasion	fear	de abrasión
abrasion	joy	abrasión
abrasion	negative	de abrasión
abrasion	positive	de abrasión
abrasion	sadness	de abrasión
abrasion	surprise	frontera
abrasion	trust	de frontera
boundary	anger	de abrasión
boundary	anticipation	de abrasión
boundary	disgust	frontera
boundary	fear	de frontera
boundary	joy	de frontera
boundary	negative	de frontera
boundary	positive	frontera
boundary	sadness	de frontera
boundary	surprise	de frontera
boundary	trust	de frontera
lawyer	anger	abogado
lawyer	anticipation	de abogado
lawyer	disgust	de abogado
lawyer	fear	de abogado
lawyer	joy	abogado
lawyer	negative	de abogado
lawyer	positive	de abogado
lawyer	sadness	de abogado
lawyer	surprise	cronógrafo
lawyer	trust	de cronógrafo
chronograph	anger	de abogado
chronograph	anticipation	de abogado
chronograph	disgust	cronógrafo
chronograph	fear	de cronógrafo
chronograph	joy	de cronógrafo
chronograph	negative	de cronógrafo
chronograph	positive	cronógrafo
chronograph	sadness	de cronógrafo
chronograph	surprise	de cronógrafo
chronograph	trust	de cronógrafo
demon	anger	demonio
demon	anticipation	de demonio
demon	disgust	de demonio
demon	fear	de demonio
demon	joy	demonio
demon	negative	de demonio
demon	positive	de demonio
demon	sadness	de demonio
demon	surprise	demonio
demon	trust	de demonio
portable	anger	portátil
portable	anticipation	portátil
portable	disgust	portátil
portable	fear	portátil
portable	joy	portátil
portable	negative	portátil
portable	positive	portátil
portable	sadness	portátil
portable	surprise	portátil
portable	trust	portátil
disgrace	anger	disgrace
disgrace	anticipation	disgrace
disgrace	disgust	disgrace
disgrace	fear	disgrace
disgrace	joy	disgrace
disgrace	negative	disgrace
disgrace	positive	disgrace
disgrace	sadness	disgrace
disgrace	surprise	disgrace
disgrace	trust	disgrace
memory	anger	memoria
memory	anticipation	de memoria
memory	disgust	de memoria
memory	fear	de memoria
memory	joy	memoria
memory	negative	de memoria
memory	positive	de memoria
memory	sadness	de memoria
memory	surprise	memoria
memory	trust	de memoria
shred	anger	shred
shred	anticipation	shred
shred	disgust	shred
shred	fear	shred
shred	joy	shred
shred	negative	shred
shred	positive	shred
shred	sadness	shred
shred	surprise	shred
shred	trust	shred
permitting	anger	permitting
permitting	anticipation	permitting
permitting	disgust	permitting
permitting	fear	permitting
permitting	joy	permitting
permitting	negative	permitting
permitting	positive	permitting
permitting	sadness	permitting
permitting	surprise	permitting
permitting	trust	permitting
infidel	anger	infidel
infidel	anticipation	infidel
infidel	disgust	infidel
infidel	fear	infidel
infidel	joy	infidel
infidel	negative	infidel
infidel	positive	infidel
infidel	sadness	infidel
infidel	surprise	infidel
infidel	trust	infidel
accuracy	anger	exactitud
accuracy	anticipation	de exactitud
accuracy	disgust	de exactitud
accuracy	fear	de exactitud
accuracy	joy	exactitud
accuracy	negative	de exactitud
accuracy	positive	de exactitud
accuracy	sadness	de exactitud
accuracy	surprise	nación
accuracy	trust	de nación
nation	anger	de exactitud
nation	anticipation	de exactitud
nation	disgust	nación
nation	fear	de nación
nation	joy	de nación
nation	negative	de nación
nation	positive	nación
nation	sadness	de nación
nation	surprise	de nación
nation	trust	de nación
damage	anger	daño
damage	anticipation	de daño
damage	disgust	de daño
damage	fear	de daño
damage	joy	daño
damage	negative	de daño
damage	positive	de daño
damage	sadness	de daño
damage	surprise	disco
damage	trust	de disco
disk	anger	de daño
disk	anticipation	de daño
disk	disgust	disco
disk	fear	de disco
disk	joy	de disco
disk	negative	de disco
disk	positive	disco
disk	sadness	de disco
disk	surprise	de disco
disk	trust	de disco
opposition	anger	oposición
opposition	anticipation	de oposición
opposition	disgust	de oposición
opposition	fear	de oposición
opposition	joy	oposición
opposition	negative	de oposición
opposition	positive	de oposición
opposition	sadness	de oposición
opposition	surprise	oposición
opposition	trust	de oposición
naive	anger	naive
naive	anticipation	naive
naive	disgust	naive
naive	fear	naive
naive	joy	naive
naive	negative	naive
naive	positive	naive
naive	sadness	naive
naive	surprise	naive
naive	trust	naive
committal	anger	committal
committal	anticipation	committal
committal	disgust	committal
committal	fear	committal
committal	joy	committal
committal	negative	committal
committal	positive	committal
committal	sadness	committal
committal	surprise	committal
committal	trust	committal
wayward	anger	caprichoso
wayward	anticipation	caprichoso
wayward	disgust	caprichoso
wayward	fear	caprichoso
wayward	joy	caprichoso
wayward	negative	caprichoso
wayward	positive	caprichoso
wayward	sadness	ápice
wayward	surprise	de ápice
wayward	trust	caprichoso
apex	anger	caprichoso
apex	anticipation	caprichoso
apex	disgust	ápice
apex	fear	de ápice
apex	joy	de ápice
apex	negative	de ápice
apex	positive	ápice
apex	sadness	de ápice
apex	surprise	de ápice
apex	trust	de ápice
plaintiff	anger	plaintiff
plaintiff	anticipation	plaintiff
plaintiff	disgust	plaintiff
plaintiff	fear	plaintiff
plaintiff	joy	plaintiff
plaintiff	negative	plaintiff
plaintiff	positive	plaintiff
plaintiff	sadness	plaintiff
plaintiff	surprise	plaintiff
plaintiff	trust	plaintiff
spine	anger	espina
spine	anticipation	de espina
spine	disgust	de espina
spine	fear	de espina
spine	joy	espina
spine	negative	de espina
spine	positive	de espina
spine	sadness	de espina
spine	surprise	espina
spine	trust	de espina
commons	anger	commons
commons	anticipation	commons
commons	disgust	commons
commons	fear	commons
commons	joy	commons
commons	negative	commons
commons	positive	commons
commons	sadness	commons
commons	surprise	commons
commons	trust	commons
boarder	anger	boarder
boarder	anticipation	boarder
boarder	disgust	boarder
boarder	fear	boarder
boarder	joy	boarder
boarder	negative	boarder
boarder	positive	boarder
boarder	sadness	boarder
boarder	surprise	boarder
boarder	trust	boarder
hunt	anger	cazar
hunt	anticipation	cazar
hunt	disgust	cazar
hunt	fear	cazar
hunt	joy	cazar
hunt	negative	cazar
hunt	positive	cazar
hunt	sadness	cazar
hunt	surprise	cazar
hunt	trust	cazar
tending	anger	tendente
tending	anticipation	tendente
tending	disgust	tendente
tending	fear	tendente
tending	joy	tendente
tending	negative	tendente
tending	positive	tendente
tending	sadness	tendente
tending	surprise	tendente
tending	trust	tendente
deserving	anger	mereciendo
deserving	anticipation	mereciendo
deserving	disgust	mereciendo
deserving	fear	mereciendo
deserving	joy	mereciendo
deserving	negative	mereciendo
deserving	positive	mereciendo
deserving	sadness	mereciendo
deserving	surprise	mereciendo
deserving	trust	mereciendo
aga	anger	aga
aga	anticipation	aga
aga	disgust	aga
aga	fear	aga
aga	joy	aga
aga	negative	aga
aga	positive	aga
aga	sadness	aga
aga	surprise	aga
aga	trust	aga
shears	anger	cizalla
shears	anticipation	de cizalla
shears	disgust	de cizalla
shears	fear	de cizalla
shears	joy	cizalla
shears	negative	de cizalla
shears	positive	de cizalla
shears	sadness	de cizalla
shears	surprise	fuerza
shears	trust	de fuerza
force	anger	de cizalla
force	anticipation	de cizalla
force	disgust	fuerza
force	fear	de fuerza
force	joy	de fuerza
force	negative	de fuerza
force	positive	fuerza
force	sadness	de fuerza
force	surprise	de fuerza
force	trust	de fuerza
hen	anger	gallina
hen	anticipation	de gallina
hen	disgust	de gallina
hen	fear	de gallina
hen	joy	gallina
hen	negative	de gallina
hen	positive	de gallina
hen	sadness	de gallina
hen	surprise	gallina
hen	trust	de gallina
protrude	anger	protrude
protrude	anticipation	protrude
protrude	disgust	protrude
protrude	fear	protrude
protrude	joy	protrude
protrude	negative	protrude
protrude	positive	protrude
protrude	sadness	protrude
protrude	surprise	protrude
protrude	trust	protrude
bunker	anger	bunker
bunker	anticipation	de bunker
bunker	disgust	de bunker
bunker	fear	de bunker
bunker	joy	bunker
bunker	negative	de bunker
bunker	positive	de bunker
bunker	sadness	de bunker
bunker	surprise	brisa
bunker	trust	de brisa
breeze	anger	de bunker
breeze	anticipation	de bunker
breeze	disgust	brisa
breeze	fear	de brisa
breeze	joy	de brisa
breeze	negative	de brisa
breeze	positive	brisa
breeze	sadness	de brisa
breeze	surprise	de brisa
breeze	trust	de brisa
firefly	anger	firefly
firefly	anticipation	firefly
firefly	disgust	firefly
firefly	fear	firefly
firefly	joy	firefly
firefly	negative	firefly
firefly	positive	firefly
firefly	sadness	firefly
firefly	surprise	firefly
firefly	trust	firefly
invaluable	anger	inestimable
invaluable	anticipation	inestimable
invaluable	disgust	inestimable
invaluable	fear	inestimable
invaluable	joy	inestimable
invaluable	negative	inestimable
invaluable	positive	inestimable
invaluable	sadness	valle
invaluable	surprise	de valle
invaluable	trust	inestimable
vale	anger	inestimable
vale	anticipation	inestimable
vale	disgust	valle
vale	fear	de valle
vale	joy	de valle
vale	negative	de valle
vale	positive	valle
vale	sadness	de valle
vale	surprise	de valle
vale	trust	de valle
soothe	anger	amansa
soothe	anticipation	amansar
soothe	disgust	amansar
soothe	fear	amansar
soothe	joy	amansar
soothe	negative	amansar
soothe	positive	amansar
soothe	sadness	amansar
soothe	surprise	amansar
soothe	trust	amansar
indentation	anger	sangría
indentation	anticipation	de sangría
indentation	disgust	de sangría
indentation	fear	de sangría
indentation	joy	sangría
indentation	negative	de sangría
indentation	positive	de sangría
indentation	sadness	de sangría
indentation	surprise	arqueta
indentation	trust	de arqueta
casket	anger	de sangría
casket	anticipation	de sangría
casket	disgust	arqueta
casket	fear	de arqueta
casket	joy	de arqueta
casket	negative	de arqueta
casket	positive	arqueta
casket	sadness	de arqueta
casket	surprise	de arqueta
casket	trust	de arqueta
aggressor	anger	agresor
aggressor	anticipation	de agresor
aggressor	disgust	de agresor
aggressor	fear	de agresor
aggressor	joy	agresor
aggressor	negative	de agresor
aggressor	positive	de agresor
aggressor	sadness	de agresor
aggressor	surprise	agresor
aggressor	trust	de agresor que
aspiring	anger	aspira
aspiring	anticipation	aspirante
aspiring	disgust	aspirante
aspiring	fear	aspirante
aspiring	joy	aspirante
aspiring	negative	aspirante
aspiring	positive	aspirante
aspiring	sadness	embarazo
aspiring	surprise	de embarazo
aspiring	trust	aspirante
pregnancy	anger	aspirante
pregnancy	anticipation	aspirante
pregnancy	disgust	embarazo
pregnancy	fear	de embarazo
pregnancy	joy	de embarazo
pregnancy	negative	de embarazo
pregnancy	positive	embarazo
pregnancy	sadness	de embarazo
pregnancy	surprise	de embarazo
pregnancy	trust	de embarazo
coincident	anger	coincidente
coincident	anticipation	coincidente
coincident	disgust	coincidente
coincident	fear	coincidente
coincident	joy	coincidente
coincident	negative	coincidente
coincident	positive	coincidente
coincident	sadness	dieta
coincident	surprise	de dieta
coincident	trust	coincidente
diet	anger	coincidente
diet	anticipation	coincidente
diet	disgust	dieta
diet	fear	de dieta
diet	joy	de dieta
diet	negative	de dieta
diet	positive	dieta
diet	sadness	de dieta
diet	surprise	de dieta
diet	trust	de dieta
harper	anger	harper
harper	anticipation	harper
harper	disgust	harper
harper	fear	harper
harper	joy	harper
harper	negative	harper
harper	positive	harper
harper	sadness	harper
harper	surprise	harper
harper	trust	harper
saline	anger	saline
saline	anticipation	saline
saline	disgust	saline
saline	fear	saline
saline	joy	saline
saline	negative	saline
saline	positive	saline
saline	sadness	saline
saline	surprise	saline
saline	trust	saline
presentation	anger	presentación
presentation	anticipation	de presentación
presentation	disgust	de presentación
presentation	fear	de presentación
presentation	joy	presentación
presentation	negative	de presentación
presentation	positive	de presentación
presentation	sadness	de presentación
presentation	surprise	presentación
presentation	trust	de presentación
precarious	anger	precaria
precarious	anticipation	precario
precarious	disgust	precario
precarious	fear	precario
precarious	joy	precario
precarious	negative	precario
precarious	positive	precario
precarious	sadness	historia
precarious	surprise	de historia
precarious	trust	precaria
history	anger	precaria
history	anticipation	precaria
history	disgust	historia
history	fear	de historia
history	joy	de historia
history	negative	de historia
history	positive	historia
history	sadness	de historia
history	surprise	de historia
history	trust	de historia
letter	anger	letra
letter	anticipation	de letra
letter	disgust	de letra
letter	fear	de letra
letter	joy	letra
letter	negative	de letra
letter	positive	de letra
letter	sadness	de letra
letter	surprise	letra
letter	trust	de letra
foregoing	anger	foregoing
foregoing	anticipation	foregoing
foregoing	disgust	foregoing
foregoing	fear	foregoing
foregoing	joy	foregoing
foregoing	negative	foregoing
foregoing	positive	foregoing
foregoing	sadness	foregoing
foregoing	surprise	foregoing
foregoing	trust	foregoing
riches	anger	riches
riches	anticipation	riches
riches	disgust	riches
riches	fear	riches
riches	joy	riches
riches	negative	riches
riches	positive	riches
riches	sadness	riches
riches	surprise	riches
riches	trust	riches
discovery	anger	descubrimiento
discovery	anticipation	de descubrimiento
discovery	disgust	de descubrimiento
discovery	fear	de descubrimiento
discovery	joy	descubrimiento
discovery	negative	de descubrimiento
discovery	positive	de descubrimiento
discovery	sadness	de descubrimiento
discovery	surprise	descubrimiento
discovery	trust	de descubrimiento
awake	anger	despierta
awake	anticipation	despierto
awake	disgust	despierto
awake	fear	despierto
awake	joy	despierto
awake	negative	despierto
awake	positive	despierto
awake	sadness	despierto
awake	surprise	despierto
awake	trust	despierto
speculum	anger	speculum
speculum	anticipation	speculum
speculum	disgust	speculum
speculum	fear	speculum
speculum	joy	speculum
speculum	negative	speculum
speculum	positive	speculum
speculum	sadness	speculum
speculum	surprise	speculum
speculum	trust	speculum
counterclaim	anger	counterclaim
counterclaim	anticipation	counterclaim
counterclaim	disgust	counterclaim
counterclaim	fear	counterclaim
counterclaim	joy	counterclaim
counterclaim	negative	counterclaim
counterclaim	positive	counterclaim
counterclaim	sadness	counterclaim
counterclaim	surprise	counterclaim
counterclaim	trust	counterclaim
parietal	anger	parietal
parietal	anticipation	parietal
parietal	disgust	parietal
parietal	fear	parietal
parietal	joy	parietal
parietal	negative	parietal
parietal	positive	parietal
parietal	sadness	parietal
parietal	surprise	parietal
parietal	trust	parietal
accursed	anger	accursed
accursed	anticipation	accursed
accursed	disgust	accursed
accursed	fear	accursed
accursed	joy	accursed
accursed	negative	accursed
accursed	positive	accursed
accursed	sadness	accursed
accursed	surprise	accursed
accursed	trust	accursed
exquisite	anger	exquisito
exquisite	anticipation	exquisito
exquisite	disgust	exquisito
exquisite	fear	exquisito
exquisite	joy	exquisito
exquisite	negative	exquisito
exquisite	positive	exquisito
exquisite	sadness	exquisito
exquisite	surprise	exquisito
exquisite	trust	exquisito
inclined	anger	inclinó
inclined	anticipation	inclinado
inclined	disgust	inclinó
inclined	fear	inclinado
inclined	joy	inclinó
inclined	negative	inclinado
inclined	positive	inclinó
inclined	sadness	inclinado
inclined	surprise	inclinó
inclined	trust	inclinado
careful	anger	prudente
careful	anticipation	prudente
careful	disgust	prudente
careful	fear	prudente
careful	joy	prudente
careful	negative	prudente
careful	positive	prudente
careful	sadness	resto
careful	surprise	de resto
careful	trust	prudente
rest	anger	prudente
rest	anticipation	prudente
rest	disgust	resto
rest	fear	de resto
rest	joy	de resto
rest	negative	de resto
rest	positive	resto
rest	sadness	de resto
rest	surprise	de resto
rest	trust	de resto
cherry	anger	cereza
cherry	anticipation	de cereza
cherry	disgust	de cereza
cherry	fear	de cereza
cherry	joy	cereza
cherry	negative	de cereza
cherry	positive	de cereza
cherry	sadness	de cereza
cherry	surprise	torneo
cherry	trust	de torneo
tournament	anger	de cereza
tournament	anticipation	de cereza
tournament	disgust	torneo
tournament	fear	de torneo
tournament	joy	de torneo
tournament	negative	de torneo
tournament	positive	torneo
tournament	sadness	de torneo
tournament	surprise	de torneo
tournament	trust	de torneo
texture	anger	textura
texture	anticipation	de textura
texture	disgust	de textura
texture	fear	de textura
texture	joy	textura
texture	negative	de textura
texture	positive	de textura
texture	sadness	de textura
texture	surprise	reconocimiento
texture	trust	de reconocimiento
recognition	anger	de textura
recognition	anticipation	de textura
recognition	disgust	reconocimiento
recognition	fear	de reconocimiento
recognition	joy	de reconocimiento
recognition	negative	de reconocimiento
recognition	positive	reconocimiento
recognition	sadness	de reconocimiento
recognition	surprise	de reconocimiento
recognition	trust	de reconocimiento
chalice	anger	cáliz
chalice	anticipation	de cáliz
chalice	disgust	de cáliz
chalice	fear	de cáliz
chalice	joy	cáliz
chalice	negative	de cáliz
chalice	positive	de cáliz
chalice	sadness	de cáliz
chalice	surprise	cáliz
chalice	trust	de cáliz
rinse	anger	rinse
rinse	anticipation	rinse
rinse	disgust	rinse
rinse	fear	rinse
rinse	joy	rinse
rinse	negative	rinse
rinse	positive	rinse
rinse	sadness	rinse
rinse	surprise	rinse
rinse	trust	rinse
lifelike	anger	lifelike
lifelike	anticipation	lifelike
lifelike	disgust	lifelike
lifelike	fear	lifelike
lifelike	joy	lifelike
lifelike	negative	lifelike
lifelike	positive	lifelike
lifelike	sadness	lifelike
lifelike	surprise	lifelike
lifelike	trust	lifelike
commission	anger	comisión
commission	anticipation	de comisión
commission	disgust	de comisión
commission	fear	de comisión
commission	joy	comisión
commission	negative	de comisión
commission	positive	de comisión
commission	sadness	de comisión
commission	surprise	aristocracia
commission	trust	de aristocracia
aristocracy	anger	de comisión
aristocracy	anticipation	de comisión
aristocracy	disgust	aristocracia
aristocracy	fear	de aristocracia
aristocracy	joy	de aristocracia
aristocracy	negative	de aristocracia
aristocracy	positive	aristocracia
aristocracy	sadness	de aristocracia
aristocracy	surprise	de aristocracia
aristocracy	trust	de aristocracia
hazard	anger	hazard
hazard	anticipation	hazard
hazard	disgust	hazard
hazard	fear	hazard
hazard	joy	hazard
hazard	negative	hazard
hazard	positive	hazard
hazard	sadness	hazard
hazard	surprise	hazard
hazard	trust	hazard
corvette	anger	corbeta
corvette	anticipation	de corbeta
corvette	disgust	de corbeta
corvette	fear	de corbeta
corvette	joy	corbeta
corvette	negative	de corbeta
corvette	positive	de corbeta
corvette	sadness	de corbeta
corvette	surprise	asistencia
corvette	trust	de asistencia
assistance	anger	de corbeta
assistance	anticipation	de corbeta
assistance	disgust	asistencia
assistance	fear	de asistencia
assistance	joy	de asistencia
assistance	negative	de asistencia
assistance	positive	asistencia
assistance	sadness	de asistencia
assistance	surprise	de asistencia
assistance	trust	de asistencia
grievance	anger	queja
grievance	anticipation	de queja
grievance	disgust	de queja
grievance	fear	de queja
grievance	joy	queja
grievance	negative	de queja
grievance	positive	de queja
grievance	sadness	de queja
grievance	surprise	queja
grievance	trust	de queja que
believing	anger	cree
believing	anticipation	creyendo
believing	disgust	creyendo
believing	fear	creyendo
believing	joy	creyendo
believing	negative	creyendo
believing	positive	creyendo
believing	sadness	creyendo
believing	surprise	creyendo
believing	trust	creyendo
levy	anger	leva
levy	anticipation	levar
levy	disgust	levar
levy	fear	levar
levy	joy	levar
levy	negative	levar
levy	positive	levar
levy	sadness	levar
levy	surprise	levar
levy	trust	levar
swing	anger	cambio
swing	anticipation	de cambio
swing	disgust	de cambio
swing	fear	de cambio
swing	joy	cambio
swing	negative	de cambio
swing	positive	de cambio
swing	sadness	de cambio
swing	surprise	cambio
swing	trust	de cambio
simplify	anger	simplifica
simplify	anticipation	simplificar
simplify	disgust	simplificar
simplify	fear	simplificar
simplify	joy	simplificar
simplify	negative	simplificar
simplify	positive	simplificar
simplify	sadness	simplificar
simplify	surprise	simplificar
simplify	trust	simplificar
castor	anger	castor
castor	anticipation	castor
castor	disgust	castor
castor	fear	castor
castor	joy	castor
castor	negative	castor
castor	positive	castor
castor	sadness	castor
castor	surprise	castor
castor	trust	castor
buoyancy	anger	buoyancy
buoyancy	anticipation	buoyancy
buoyancy	disgust	buoyancy
buoyancy	fear	buoyancy
buoyancy	joy	buoyancy
buoyancy	negative	buoyancy
buoyancy	positive	buoyancy
buoyancy	sadness	buoyancy
buoyancy	surprise	buoyancy
buoyancy	trust	buoyancy
entomology	anger	entomología
entomology	anticipation	de entomología
entomology	disgust	de entomología
entomology	fear	de entomología
entomology	joy	entomología
entomology	negative	de entomología
entomology	positive	de entomología
entomology	sadness	de entomología
entomology	surprise	entomología
entomology	trust	de entomología
girdle	anger	girdle
girdle	anticipation	girdle
girdle	disgust	girdle
girdle	fear	girdle
girdle	joy	girdle
girdle	negative	girdle
girdle	positive	girdle
girdle	sadness	girdle
girdle	surprise	girdle
girdle	trust	girdle
flinch	anger	flinch
flinch	anticipation	flinch
flinch	disgust	flinch
flinch	fear	flinch
flinch	joy	flinch
flinch	negative	flinch
flinch	positive	flinch
flinch	sadness	flinch
flinch	surprise	flinch
flinch	trust	flinch
driver	anger	conductor
driver	anticipation	de conductor
driver	disgust	de conductor
driver	fear	de conductor
driver	joy	conductor
driver	negative	de conductor
driver	positive	de conductor
driver	sadness	de conductor
driver	surprise	conductor
driver	trust	de conductor
displaced	anger	desplazó
displaced	anticipation	desplazado
displaced	disgust	desplazó
displaced	fear	desplazado
displaced	joy	desplazó
displaced	negative	desplazado
displaced	positive	desplazó
displaced	sadness	desplazado
displaced	surprise	desplazó
displaced	trust	desplazado
disingenuous	anger	disingenuous
disingenuous	anticipation	disingenuous
disingenuous	disgust	disingenuous
disingenuous	fear	disingenuous
disingenuous	joy	disingenuous
disingenuous	negative	disingenuous
disingenuous	positive	disingenuous
disingenuous	sadness	disingenuous
disingenuous	surprise	disingenuous
disingenuous	trust	disingenuous
emphatic	anger	enfático
emphatic	anticipation	enfático
emphatic	disgust	enfático
emphatic	fear	enfático
emphatic	joy	enfático
emphatic	negative	enfático
emphatic	positive	enfático
emphatic	sadness	enfático
emphatic	surprise	enfático
emphatic	trust	enfático
souvenir	anger	souvenir
souvenir	anticipation	souvenir
souvenir	disgust	souvenir
souvenir	fear	souvenir
souvenir	joy	souvenir
souvenir	negative	souvenir
souvenir	positive	souvenir
souvenir	sadness	souvenir
souvenir	surprise	souvenir
souvenir	trust	souvenir
outspoken	anger	outspoken
outspoken	anticipation	outspoken
outspoken	disgust	outspoken
outspoken	fear	outspoken
outspoken	joy	outspoken
outspoken	negative	outspoken
outspoken	positive	outspoken
outspoken	sadness	outspoken
outspoken	surprise	outspoken
outspoken	trust	outspoken
democrat	anger	demócrata
democrat	anticipation	demócrata
democrat	disgust	demócrata
democrat	fear	demócrata
democrat	joy	demócrata
democrat	negative	demócrata
democrat	positive	demócrata
democrat	sadness	amonestación
democrat	surprise	de amonestación
democrat	trust	demócrata
caution	anger	demócrata
caution	anticipation	demócrata
caution	disgust	amonestación
caution	fear	de amonestación
caution	joy	de amonestación
caution	negative	de amonestación
caution	positive	amonestación
caution	sadness	de amonestación
caution	surprise	de amonestación
caution	trust	de amonestación
aquatic	anger	acuática
aquatic	anticipation	acuático
aquatic	disgust	acuático
aquatic	fear	acuático
aquatic	joy	acuático
aquatic	negative	acuático
aquatic	positive	acuático
aquatic	sadness	acuático
aquatic	surprise	acuático
aquatic	trust	acuático
sliding	anger	corredero
sliding	anticipation	corredero
sliding	disgust	corredero
sliding	fear	corredero
sliding	joy	corredero
sliding	negative	corredero
sliding	positive	corredero
sliding	sadness	corredero
sliding	surprise	corredero
sliding	trust	corredero
comparable	anger	comparable
comparable	anticipation	comparable
comparable	disgust	comparable
comparable	fear	comparable
comparable	joy	comparable
comparable	negative	comparable
comparable	positive	comparable
comparable	sadness	comparable
comparable	surprise	comparable
comparable	trust	comparable
depart	anger	depart
depart	anticipation	depart
depart	disgust	depart
depart	fear	depart
depart	joy	depart
depart	negative	depart
depart	positive	depart
depart	sadness	depart
depart	surprise	depart
depart	trust	depart
foggy	anger	foggy
foggy	anticipation	foggy
foggy	disgust	foggy
foggy	fear	foggy
foggy	joy	foggy
foggy	negative	foggy
foggy	positive	foggy
foggy	sadness	foggy
foggy	surprise	foggy
foggy	trust	foggy
sip	anger	sorbo
sip	anticipation	de sorbo
sip	disgust	de sorbo
sip	fear	de sorbo
sip	joy	sorbo
sip	negative	de sorbo
sip	positive	de sorbo
sip	sadness	de sorbo
sip	surprise	plato
sip	trust	de plato
plate	anger	de sorbo
plate	anticipation	de sorbo
plate	disgust	plato
plate	fear	de plato
plate	joy	de plato
plate	negative	de plato
plate	positive	plato
plate	sadness	de plato
plate	surprise	de plato
plate	trust	de plato
speedometer	anger	speedometer
speedometer	anticipation	speedometer
speedometer	disgust	speedometer
speedometer	fear	speedometer
speedometer	joy	speedometer
speedometer	negative	speedometer
speedometer	positive	speedometer
speedometer	sadness	speedometer
speedometer	surprise	speedometer
speedometer	trust	speedometer
feature	anger	característica
feature	anticipation	de característica
feature	disgust	de característica
feature	fear	de característica
feature	joy	característica
feature	negative	de característica
feature	positive	de característica
feature	sadness	de característica
feature	surprise	característica
feature	trust	de característica
approximate	anger	aproxima
approximate	anticipation	aproximada
approximate	disgust	aproximado
approximate	fear	aproximado
approximate	joy	aproximado
approximate	negative	aproximado
approximate	positive	aproximado
approximate	sadness	aproximado
approximate	surprise	aproximado
approximate	trust	aproximado
record	anger	récord
record	anticipation	récord
record	disgust	récord
record	fear	récord
record	joy	récord
record	negative	récord
record	positive	récord
record	sadness	récord
record	surprise	récord
record	trust	récord
headstone	anger	headstone
headstone	anticipation	headstone
headstone	disgust	headstone
headstone	fear	headstone
headstone	joy	headstone
headstone	negative	headstone
headstone	positive	headstone
headstone	sadness	headstone
headstone	surprise	headstone
headstone	trust	headstone
injection	anger	inyección
injection	anticipation	de inyección
injection	disgust	de inyección
injection	fear	de inyección
injection	joy	inyección
injection	negative	de inyección
injection	positive	de inyección
injection	sadness	de inyección
injection	surprise	inyección
injection	trust	de inyección
phlegm	anger	phlegm
phlegm	anticipation	phlegm
phlegm	disgust	phlegm
phlegm	fear	phlegm
phlegm	joy	phlegm
phlegm	negative	phlegm
phlegm	positive	phlegm
phlegm	sadness	phlegm
phlegm	surprise	phlegm
phlegm	trust	phlegm
sing	anger	cantar
sing	anticipation	cantar
sing	disgust	cantar
sing	fear	cantar
sing	joy	cantar
sing	negative	cantar
sing	positive	cantar
sing	sadness	cantar
sing	surprise	cantar
sing	trust	cantar
fertile	anger	fértil
fertile	anticipation	fértil
fertile	disgust	fértil
fertile	fear	fértil
fertile	joy	fértil
fertile	negative	fértil
fertile	positive	fértil
fertile	sadness	fértil
fertile	surprise	fértil
fertile	trust	fértil
scriptural	anger	scriptural
scriptural	anticipation	scriptural
scriptural	disgust	scriptural
scriptural	fear	scriptural
scriptural	joy	scriptural
scriptural	negative	scriptural
scriptural	positive	scriptural
scriptural	sadness	scriptural
scriptural	surprise	scriptural
scriptural	trust	scriptural
forbidding	anger	prohibiendo
forbidding	anticipation	prohibiendo
forbidding	disgust	prohibiendo
forbidding	fear	prohibiendo
forbidding	joy	prohibiendo
forbidding	negative	prohibiendo
forbidding	positive	prohibiendo
forbidding	sadness	prohibiendo
forbidding	surprise	prohibiendo
forbidding	trust	prohibiendo
kite	anger	cometa
kite	anticipation	de cometa
kite	disgust	de cometa
kite	fear	de cometa
kite	joy	cometa
kite	negative	de cometa
kite	positive	de cometa
kite	sadness	de cometa
kite	surprise	consuelo
kite	trust	de consuelo
consolation	anger	de cometa
consolation	anticipation	de cometa
consolation	disgust	consuelo
consolation	fear	de consuelo
consolation	joy	de consuelo
consolation	negative	de consuelo
consolation	positive	consuelo
consolation	sadness	de consuelo
consolation	surprise	de consuelo
consolation	trust	de consuelo
emphasize	anger	enfatiza
emphasize	anticipation	enfatizar
emphasize	disgust	enfatizar
emphasize	fear	enfatizar
emphasize	joy	enfatizar
emphasize	negative	enfatizar
emphasize	positive	enfatizar
emphasize	sadness	enfatizar
emphasize	surprise	enfatizar
emphasize	trust	enfatizar
commend	anger	commend
commend	anticipation	commend
commend	disgust	commend
commend	fear	commend
commend	joy	commend
commend	negative	commend
commend	positive	commend
commend	sadness	commend
commend	surprise	commend
commend	trust	commend
lullaby	anger	lullaby
lullaby	anticipation	lullaby
lullaby	disgust	lullaby
lullaby	fear	lullaby
lullaby	joy	lullaby
lullaby	negative	lullaby
lullaby	positive	lullaby
lullaby	sadness	lullaby
lullaby	surprise	lullaby
lullaby	trust	lullaby
embodiment	anger	embodiment
embodiment	anticipation	embodiment
embodiment	disgust	embodiment
embodiment	fear	embodiment
embodiment	joy	embodiment
embodiment	negative	embodiment
embodiment	positive	embodiment
embodiment	sadness	embodiment
embodiment	surprise	embodiment
embodiment	trust	embodiment
heretofore	anger	hasta ahora
heretofore	anticipation	hasta ahora
heretofore	disgust	hasta ahora
heretofore	fear	hasta ahora
heretofore	joy	hasta ahora
heretofore	negative	hasta ahora
heretofore	positive	hasta ahora
heretofore	sadness	hasta ahora
heretofore	surprise	hasta ahora
heretofore	trust	hasta ahora
prolonged	anger	prolongado
prolonged	anticipation	prolongado
prolonged	disgust	prolongado
prolonged	fear	prolongado
prolonged	joy	prolongado
prolonged	negative	prolongado
prolonged	positive	prolongado
prolonged	sadness	prolongado
prolonged	surprise	prolongado
prolonged	trust	prolongado
feel	anger	sentir
feel	anticipation	sentir
feel	disgust	sentir
feel	fear	sentir
feel	joy	sentir
feel	negative	sentir
feel	positive	sentir
feel	sadness	sentir
feel	surprise	sentir
feel	trust	sentir
infirm	anger	infirm
infirm	anticipation	infirm
infirm	disgust	infirm
infirm	fear	infirm
infirm	joy	infirm
infirm	negative	infirm
infirm	positive	infirm
infirm	sadness	infirm
infirm	surprise	infirm
infirm	trust	infirm
blackjack	anger	blackjack
blackjack	anticipation	blackjack
blackjack	disgust	blackjack
blackjack	fear	blackjack
blackjack	joy	blackjack
blackjack	negative	blackjack
blackjack	positive	blackjack
blackjack	sadness	blackjack
blackjack	surprise	blackjack
blackjack	trust	blackjack
unhappy	anger	infeliz
unhappy	anticipation	infeliz
unhappy	disgust	infeliz
unhappy	fear	infeliz
unhappy	joy	infeliz
unhappy	negative	infeliz
unhappy	positive	infeliz
unhappy	sadness	infeliz
unhappy	surprise	infeliz
unhappy	trust	infeliz
stable	anger	estable
stable	anticipation	estable
stable	disgust	estable
stable	fear	estable
stable	joy	estable
stable	negative	estable
stable	positive	estable
stable	sadness	bienestar
stable	surprise	de bienestar
stable	trust	estable
welfare	anger	estable
welfare	anticipation	estable
welfare	disgust	bienestar
welfare	fear	de bienestar
welfare	joy	de bienestar
welfare	negative	de bienestar
welfare	positive	bienestar
welfare	sadness	de bienestar
welfare	surprise	de bienestar
welfare	trust	de bienestar
harpsichord	anger	harpsichord
harpsichord	anticipation	harpsichord
harpsichord	disgust	harpsichord
harpsichord	fear	harpsichord
harpsichord	joy	harpsichord
harpsichord	negative	harpsichord
harpsichord	positive	harpsichord
harpsichord	sadness	harpsichord
harpsichord	surprise	harpsichord
harpsichord	trust	harpsichord
invalidity	anger	invalidez
invalidity	anticipation	de invalidez
invalidity	disgust	de invalidez
invalidity	fear	de invalidez
invalidity	joy	invalidez
invalidity	negative	de invalidez
invalidity	positive	de invalidez
invalidity	sadness	de invalidez
invalidity	surprise	invalidez
invalidity	trust	de invalidez
treat	anger	trata
treat	anticipation	tratar
treat	disgust	tratar
treat	fear	tratar
treat	joy	tratar
treat	negative	tratar
treat	positive	tratar
treat	sadness	tratar
treat	surprise	tratar
treat	trust	tratar
par	anger	par
par	anticipation	par
par	disgust	par
par	fear	par
par	joy	par
par	negative	par
par	positive	par
par	sadness	par
par	surprise	par
par	trust	par
recruit	anger	recluta
recruit	anticipation	de recluta
recruit	disgust	de recluta
recruit	fear	de recluta
recruit	joy	recluta
recruit	negative	de recluta
recruit	positive	de recluta
recruit	sadness	de recluta
recruit	surprise	vulnerabilidad
recruit	trust	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	anger	de recluta
vulnerability	anticipation	de recluta
vulnerability	disgust	vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	fear	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	joy	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	negative	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	positive	vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	sadness	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	surprise	de vulnerabilidad
vulnerability	trust	de vulnerabilidad
grisly	anger	grisly
grisly	anticipation	grisly
grisly	disgust	grisly
grisly	fear	grisly
grisly	joy	grisly
grisly	negative	grisly
grisly	positive	grisly
grisly	sadness	grisly
grisly	surprise	grisly
grisly	trust	grisly
swish	anger	swish
swish	anticipation	swish
swish	disgust	swish
swish	fear	swish
swish	joy	swish
swish	negative	swish
swish	positive	swish
swish	sadness	swish
swish	surprise	swish
swish	trust	swish
virology	anger	virología
virology	anticipation	de virología
virology	disgust	de virología
virology	fear	de virología
virology	joy	virología
virology	negative	de virología
virology	positive	de virología
virology	sadness	de virología
virology	surprise	discusión
virology	trust	de discusión
discussion	anger	de virología
discussion	anticipation	de virología
discussion	disgust	discusión
discussion	fear	de discusión
discussion	joy	de discusión
discussion	negative	de discusión
discussion	positive	discusión
discussion	sadness	de discusión
discussion	surprise	de discusión
discussion	trust	de discusión
guards	anger	guardias
guards	anticipation	de guardias
guards	disgust	de guardias
guards	fear	de guardias
guards	joy	guardias
guards	negative	de guardias
guards	positive	de guardias
guards	sadness	de guardias
guards	surprise	milla
guards	trust	de milla
mile	anger	de guardias
mile	anticipation	de guardias
mile	disgust	milla
mile	fear	de milla
mile	joy	de milla
mile	negative	de milla
mile	positive	milla
mile	sadness	de milla
mile	surprise	de milla
mile	trust	de milla
legs	anger	piernas
legs	anticipation	de piernas
legs	disgust	de piernas
legs	fear	de piernas
legs	joy	piernas
legs	negative	de piernas
legs	positive	de piernas
legs	sadness	de piernas
legs	surprise	sensualidad
legs	trust	de sensualidad
sensuality	anger	de piernas
sensuality	anticipation	de piernas
sensuality	disgust	sensualidad
sensuality	fear	de sensualidad
sensuality	joy	de sensualidad
sensuality	negative	de sensualidad
sensuality	positive	sensualidad
sensuality	sadness	de sensualidad
sensuality	surprise	de sensualidad
sensuality	trust	de sensualidad que
answering	anger	contesta
answering	anticipation	contestando
answering	disgust	contestando
answering	fear	contestando
answering	joy	contestando
answering	negative	contestando
answering	positive	contestando
answering	sadness	contestando
answering	surprise	contestando
answering	trust	contestando
border	anger	frontera
border	anticipation	de frontera
border	disgust	de frontera
border	fear	de frontera
border	joy	frontera
border	negative	de frontera
border	positive	de frontera
border	sadness	de frontera
border	surprise	generalización
border	trust	de generalización
generalization	anger	de frontera
generalization	anticipation	de frontera
generalization	disgust	generalización
generalization	fear	de generalización
generalization	joy	de generalización
generalization	negative	de generalización
generalization	positive	generalización
generalization	sadness	de generalización
generalization	surprise	de generalización
generalization	trust	de generalización
distinguishable	anger	distinguishable
distinguishable	anticipation	distinguishable
distinguishable	disgust	distinguishable
distinguishable	fear	distinguishable
distinguishable	joy	distinguishable
distinguishable	negative	distinguishable
distinguishable	positive	distinguishable
distinguishable	sadness	distinguishable
distinguishable	surprise	distinguishable
distinguishable	trust	distinguishable
bacteria	anger	bacterias
bacteria	anticipation	de bacterias
bacteria	disgust	de bacterias
bacteria	fear	de bacterias
bacteria	joy	bacterias
bacteria	negative	de bacterias
bacteria	positive	de bacterias
bacteria	sadness	de bacterias
bacteria	surprise	bacterias
bacteria	trust	de bacterias
benevolence	anger	benevolence
benevolence	anticipation	benevolence
benevolence	disgust	benevolence
benevolence	fear	benevolence
benevolence	joy	benevolence
benevolence	negative	benevolence
benevolence	positive	benevolence
benevolence	sadness	benevolence
benevolence	surprise	benevolence
benevolence	trust	benevolence
blouse	anger	blusa
blouse	anticipation	de blusa
blouse	disgust	de blusa
blouse	fear	de blusa
blouse	joy	blusa
blouse	negative	de blusa
blouse	positive	de blusa
blouse	sadness	de blusa
blouse	surprise	concesión
blouse	trust	de concesión
concession	anger	de blusa
concession	anticipation	de blusa
concession	disgust	concesión
concession	fear	de concesión
concession	joy	de concesión
concession	negative	de concesión
concession	positive	concesión
concession	sadness	de concesión
concession	surprise	de concesión
concession	trust	de concesión
moderate	anger	modera
moderate	anticipation	moderada
moderate	disgust	moderado
moderate	fear	moderado
moderate	joy	moderado
moderate	negative	moderado
moderate	positive	moderado
moderate	sadness	moderado
moderate	surprise	moderado
moderate	trust	moderado
fixtures	anger	fixtures
fixtures	anticipation	fixtures
fixtures	disgust	fixtures
fixtures	fear	fixtures
fixtures	joy	fixtures
fixtures	negative	fixtures
fixtures	positive	fixtures
fixtures	sadness	fixtures
fixtures	surprise	fixtures
fixtures	trust	fixtures
anarchist	anger	anarquista
anarchist	anticipation	anarquista
anarchist	disgust	anarquista
anarchist	fear	anarquista
anarchist	joy	anarquista
anarchist	negative	anarquista
anarchist	positive	anarquista
anarchist	sadness	depreciación
anarchist	surprise	de depreciación
anarchist	trust	anarquista
depreciation	anger	anarquista
depreciation	anticipation	anarquista
depreciation	disgust	depreciación
depreciation	fear	de depreciación
depreciation	joy	de depreciación
depreciation	negative	de depreciación
depreciation	positive	depreciación
depreciation	sadness	de depreciación
depreciation	surprise	de depreciación
depreciation	trust	de depreciación
whisky	anger	whisky
whisky	anticipation	de whisky
whisky	disgust	de whisky
whisky	fear	de whisky
whisky	joy	whisky
whisky	negative	de whisky
whisky	positive	de whisky
whisky	sadness	de whisky
whisky	surprise	whisky
whisky	trust	de whisky
offhand	anger	offhand
offhand	anticipation	offhand
offhand	disgust	offhand
offhand	fear	offhand
offhand	joy	offhand
offhand	negative	offhand
offhand	positive	offhand
offhand	sadness	offhand
offhand	surprise	offhand
offhand	trust	offhand
prominence	anger	prominencia
prominence	anticipation	de prominencia
prominence	disgust	de prominencia
prominence	fear	de prominencia
prominence	joy	prominencia
prominence	negative	de prominencia
prominence	positive	de prominencia
prominence	sadness	de prominencia
prominence	surprise	prominencia
prominence	trust	de prominencia
navy	anger	navy
navy	anticipation	navy
navy	disgust	navy
navy	fear	navy
navy	joy	navy
navy	negative	navy
navy	positive	navy
navy	sadness	navy
navy	surprise	navy
navy	trust	navy
splinter	anger	splinter
splinter	anticipation	splinter
splinter	disgust	splinter
splinter	fear	splinter
splinter	joy	splinter
splinter	negative	splinter
splinter	positive	splinter
splinter	sadness	splinter
splinter	surprise	splinter
splinter	trust	splinter
encourage	anger	animar
encourage	anticipation	animar
encourage	disgust	animar
encourage	fear	animar
encourage	joy	animar
encourage	negative	animar
encourage	positive	animar
encourage	sadness	animar
encourage	surprise	animar
encourage	trust	animar
dorsal	anger	dorsal
dorsal	anticipation	dorsal
dorsal	disgust	dorsal
dorsal	fear	dorsal
dorsal	joy	dorsal
dorsal	negative	dorsal
dorsal	positive	dorsal
dorsal	sadness	dorsal
dorsal	surprise	dorsal
dorsal	trust	dorsal
vicious	anger	vicioso
vicious	anticipation	vicioso
vicious	disgust	vicioso
vicious	fear	vicioso
vicious	joy	vicioso
vicious	negative	vicioso
vicious	positive	vicioso
vicious	sadness	vicioso
vicious	surprise	vicioso
vicious	trust	vicioso
mechanical	anger	mecánico
mechanical	anticipation	mecánico
mechanical	disgust	mecánico
mechanical	fear	mecánico
mechanical	joy	mecánico
mechanical	negative	mecánico
mechanical	positive	mecánico
mechanical	sadness	esquema
mechanical	surprise	de esquema
mechanical	trust	mecánico
scheme	anger	mecánico
scheme	anticipation	mecánico
scheme	disgust	esquema
scheme	fear	de esquema
scheme	joy	de esquema
scheme	negative	de esquema
scheme	positive	esquema
scheme	sadness	de esquema
scheme	surprise	de esquema
scheme	trust	de esquema
bound	anger	ató
bound	anticipation	atado
bound	disgust	ató
bound	fear	atado
bound	joy	ató
bound	negative	atado
bound	positive	ató
bound	sadness	atado
bound	surprise	ató
bound	trust	habilidad
skill	anger	de habilidad
skill	anticipation	de habilidad
skill	disgust	atada
skill	fear	habilidad
skill	joy	de habilidad
skill	negative	de habilidad
skill	positive	de habilidad
skill	sadness	habilidad
skill	surprise	de habilidad
skill	trust	de la habilidad
anterior	anger	anterior
anterior	anticipation	anterior
anterior	disgust	anterior
anterior	fear	anterior
anterior	joy	anterior
anterior	negative	anterior
anterior	positive	anterior
anterior	sadness	anterior
anterior	surprise	anterior
anterior	trust	anterior
enslavement	anger	enslavement
enslavement	anticipation	enslavement
enslavement	disgust	enslavement
enslavement	fear	enslavement
enslavement	joy	enslavement
enslavement	negative	enslavement
enslavement	positive	enslavement
enslavement	sadness	enslavement
enslavement	surprise	enslavement
enslavement	trust	enslavement
vainly	anger	vainly
vainly	anticipation	vainly
vainly	disgust	vainly
vainly	fear	vainly
vainly	joy	vainly
vainly	negative	vainly
vainly	positive	vainly
vainly	sadness	vainly
vainly	surprise	vainly
vainly	trust	vainly
alabaster	anger	alabastro
alabaster	anticipation	de alabastro
alabaster	disgust	de alabastro
alabaster	fear	de alabastro
alabaster	joy	alabastro
alabaster	negative	de alabastro
alabaster	positive	de alabastro
alabaster	sadness	de alabastro
alabaster	surprise	amor
alabaster	trust	de amor
love	anger	de alabastro
love	anticipation	de alabastro
love	disgust	amor
love	fear	de amor
love	joy	de amor
love	negative	de amor
love	positive	amor
love	sadness	de amor
love	surprise	de amor
love	trust	de amor
brawl	anger	brawl
brawl	anticipation	brawl
brawl	disgust	brawl
brawl	fear	brawl
brawl	joy	brawl
brawl	negative	brawl
brawl	positive	brawl
brawl	sadness	brawl
brawl	surprise	brawl
brawl	trust	brawl
reckoning	anger	considerando
reckoning	anticipation	considerando
reckoning	disgust	considerando
reckoning	fear	considerando
reckoning	joy	considerando
reckoning	negative	considerando
reckoning	positive	considerando
reckoning	sadness	considerando
reckoning	surprise	considerando
reckoning	trust	considerando
leg	anger	pierna
leg	anticipation	de pierna
leg	disgust	de pierna
leg	fear	de pierna
leg	joy	pierna
leg	negative	de pierna
leg	positive	de pierna
leg	sadness	de pierna
leg	surprise	mecanismo de relojería
leg	trust	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	anger	de pierna
clockwork	anticipation	de pierna
clockwork	disgust	mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	fear	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	joy	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	negative	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	positive	mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	sadness	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	surprise	de mecanismo de relojería
clockwork	trust	de mecanismo de relojería
alleviation	anger	atenuante
alleviation	anticipation	de atenuante
alleviation	disgust	de atenuante
alleviation	fear	de atenuante
alleviation	joy	atenuante
alleviation	negative	de atenuante
alleviation	positive	de atenuante
alleviation	sadness	de atenuante
alleviation	surprise	yuxtaposición
alleviation	trust	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	anger	de atenuante
juxtaposition	anticipation	de atenuante
juxtaposition	disgust	yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	fear	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	joy	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	negative	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	positive	yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	sadness	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	surprise	de yuxtaposición
juxtaposition	trust	de yuxtaposición
subdivision	anger	subdivisión
subdivision	anticipation	de subdivisión
subdivision	disgust	de subdivisión
subdivision	fear	de subdivisión
subdivision	joy	subdivisión
subdivision	negative	de subdivisión
subdivision	positive	de subdivisión
subdivision	sadness	de subdivisión
subdivision	surprise	subdivisión
subdivision	trust	de subdivisión
sterility	anger	sterility
sterility	anticipation	sterility
sterility	disgust	sterility
sterility	fear	sterility
sterility	joy	sterility
sterility	negative	sterility
sterility	positive	sterility
sterility	sadness	sterility
sterility	surprise	sterility
sterility	trust	sterility
counts	anger	cuenta
counts	anticipation	cuenta
counts	disgust	cuenta
counts	fear	cuenta
counts	joy	cuenta
counts	negative	cuenta
counts	positive	cuenta
counts	sadness	cuenta
counts	surprise	cuenta
counts	trust	cuenta
grumble	anger	grumble
grumble	anticipation	grumble
grumble	disgust	grumble
grumble	fear	grumble
grumble	joy	grumble
grumble	negative	grumble
grumble	positive	grumble
grumble	sadness	grumble
grumble	surprise	grumble
grumble	trust	grumble
seasoning	anger	condimentando
seasoning	anticipation	condimentando
seasoning	disgust	condimentando
seasoning	fear	condimentando
seasoning	joy	condimentando
seasoning	negative	condimentando
seasoning	positive	condimentando
seasoning	sadness	condimentando
seasoning	surprise	condimentando
seasoning	trust	condimentando
homosexuality	anger	homosexualidad
homosexuality	anticipation	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	disgust	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	fear	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	joy	homosexualidad
homosexuality	negative	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	positive	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	sadness	de homosexualidad
homosexuality	surprise	homosexualidad
homosexuality	trust	de homosexualidad
lobby	anger	lobby
lobby	anticipation	lobby
lobby	disgust	lobby
lobby	fear	lobby
lobby	joy	lobby
lobby	negative	lobby
lobby	positive	lobby
lobby	sadness	lobby
lobby	surprise	lobby
lobby	trust	lobby
terror	anger	terror
terror	anticipation	de terror
terror	disgust	de terror
terror	fear	de terror
terror	joy	terror
terror	negative	de terror
terror	positive	de terror
terror	sadness	de terror
terror	surprise	refinamiento
terror	trust	de refinamiento
refinement	anger	de terror
refinement	anticipation	de terror
refinement	disgust	refinamiento
refinement	fear	de refinamiento
refinement	joy	de refinamiento
refinement	negative	de refinamiento
refinement	positive	refinamiento
refinement	sadness	de refinamiento
refinement	surprise	de refinamiento
refinement	trust	de refinamiento
work	anger	trabajo
work	anticipation	de trabajo
work	disgust	de trabajo
work	fear	de trabajo
work	joy	trabajo
work	negative	de trabajo
work	positive	de trabajo
work	sadness	de trabajo
work	surprise	trabajo
work	trust	de trabajo
outgrowth	anger	outgrowth
outgrowth	anticipation	outgrowth
outgrowth	disgust	outgrowth
outgrowth	fear	outgrowth
outgrowth	joy	outgrowth
outgrowth	negative	outgrowth
outgrowth	positive	outgrowth
outgrowth	sadness	outgrowth
outgrowth	surprise	outgrowth
outgrowth	trust	outgrowth
weirdo	anger	weirdo
weirdo	anticipation	weirdo
weirdo	disgust	weirdo
weirdo	fear	weirdo
weirdo	joy	weirdo
weirdo	negative	weirdo
weirdo	positive	weirdo
weirdo	sadness	weirdo
weirdo	surprise	weirdo
weirdo	trust	weirdo
interworking	anger	interworking
interworking	anticipation	interworking
interworking	disgust	interworking
interworking	fear	interworking
interworking	joy	interworking
interworking	negative	interworking
interworking	positive	interworking
interworking	sadness	interworking
interworking	surprise	interworking
interworking	trust	interworking
accuser	anger	acusador
accuser	anticipation	de acusador
accuser	disgust	de acusador
accuser	fear	de acusador
accuser	joy	acusador
accuser	negative	de acusador
accuser	positive	de acusador
accuser	sadness	de acusador
accuser	surprise	acusador
accuser	trust	de acusador
generous	anger	generoso
generous	anticipation	generoso
generous	disgust	generoso
generous	fear	generoso
generous	joy	generoso
generous	negative	generoso
generous	positive	generoso
generous	sadness	generoso
generous	surprise	generoso
generous	trust	generoso
separatist	anger	separatist
separatist	anticipation	separatist
separatist	disgust	separatist
separatist	fear	separatist
separatist	joy	separatist
separatist	negative	separatist
separatist	positive	separatist
separatist	sadness	separatist
separatist	surprise	separatist
separatist	trust	separatist
nauseous	anger	nauseous
nauseous	anticipation	nauseous
nauseous	disgust	nauseous
nauseous	fear	nauseous
nauseous	joy	nauseous
nauseous	negative	nauseous
nauseous	positive	nauseous
nauseous	sadness	nauseous
nauseous	surprise	nauseous
nauseous	trust	nauseous
logistics	anger	logística
logistics	anticipation	de logística
logistics	disgust	de logística
logistics	fear	de logística
logistics	joy	logística
logistics	negative	de logística
logistics	positive	de logística
logistics	sadness	de logística
logistics	surprise	logística
logistics	trust	de logística
hastily	anger	precipitadamente
hastily	anticipation	precipitadamente
hastily	disgust	precipitadamente
hastily	fear	precipitadamente
hastily	joy	precipitadamente
hastily	negative	precipitadamente
hastily	positive	precipitadamente
hastily	sadness	precipitadamente
hastily	surprise	precipitadamente
hastily	trust	precipitadamente
casualty	anger	casualty
casualty	anticipation	casualty
casualty	disgust	casualty
casualty	fear	casualty
casualty	joy	casualty
casualty	negative	casualty
casualty	positive	casualty
casualty	sadness	casualty
casualty	surprise	casualty
casualty	trust	casualty
heinous	anger	heinous
heinous	anticipation	heinous
heinous	disgust	heinous
heinous	fear	heinous
heinous	joy	heinous
heinous	negative	heinous
heinous	positive	heinous
heinous	sadness	heinous
heinous	surprise	heinous
heinous	trust	heinous
pendency	anger	pendency
pendency	anticipation	pendency
pendency	disgust	pendency
pendency	fear	pendency
pendency	joy	pendency
pendency	negative	pendency
pendency	positive	pendency
pendency	sadness	pendency
pendency	surprise	pendency
pendency	trust	pendency
lock	anger	cerradura
lock	anticipation	de cerradura
lock	disgust	de cerradura
lock	fear	de cerradura
lock	joy	cerradura
lock	negative	de cerradura
lock	positive	de cerradura
lock	sadness	de cerradura
lock	surprise	cerradura
lock	trust	de cerradura
incessant	anger	incesante
incessant	anticipation	incesante
incessant	disgust	incesante
incessant	fear	incesante
incessant	joy	incesante
incessant	negative	incesante
incessant	positive	incesante
incessant	sadness	aterrizaje
incessant	surprise	de aterrizaje
incessant	trust	incesante
landing	anger	incesante
landing	anticipation	incesante
landing	disgust	aterrizaje
landing	fear	de aterrizaje
landing	joy	de aterrizaje
landing	negative	de aterrizaje
landing	positive	aterrizaje
landing	sadness	de aterrizaje
landing	surprise	de aterrizaje
landing	trust	de aterrizaje
caravan	anger	caravana
caravan	anticipation	de caravana
caravan	disgust	de caravana
caravan	fear	de caravana
caravan	joy	caravana
caravan	negative	de caravana
caravan	positive	de caravana
caravan	sadness	de caravana
caravan	surprise	caravana
caravan	trust	de caravana
ineffable	anger	ineffable
ineffable	anticipation	ineffable
ineffable	disgust	ineffable
ineffable	fear	ineffable
ineffable	joy	ineffable
ineffable	negative	ineffable
ineffable	positive	ineffable
ineffable	sadness	ineffable
ineffable	surprise	ineffable
ineffable	trust	ineffable
sell	anger	vender
sell	anticipation	vender
sell	disgust	vender
sell	fear	vender
sell	joy	vender
sell	negative	vender
sell	positive	vender
sell	sadness	vender
sell	surprise	vender
sell	trust	vender
unpredictable	anger	imprevisible
unpredictable	anticipation	imprevisible
unpredictable	disgust	imprevisible
unpredictable	fear	imprevisible
unpredictable	joy	imprevisible
unpredictable	negative	imprevisible
unpredictable	positive	imprevisible
unpredictable	sadness	imprevisible
unpredictable	surprise	imprevisible
unpredictable	trust	imprevisible
unequalled	anger	unequalled
unequalled	anticipation	unequalled
unequalled	disgust	unequalled
unequalled	fear	unequalled
unequalled	joy	unequalled
unequalled	negative	unequalled
unequalled	positive	unequalled
unequalled	sadness	unequalled
unequalled	surprise	unequalled
unequalled	trust	unequalled
hardware	anger	hardware
hardware	anticipation	de hardware
hardware	disgust	de hardware
hardware	fear	de hardware
hardware	joy	hardware
hardware	negative	de hardware
hardware	positive	de hardware
hardware	sadness	de hardware
hardware	surprise	hardware
hardware	trust	de hardware
unconnected	anger	inconexo
unconnected	anticipation	inconexo
unconnected	disgust	inconexo
unconnected	fear	inconexo
unconnected	joy	inconexo
unconnected	negative	inconexo
unconnected	positive	inconexo
unconnected	sadness	tolerancia
unconnected	surprise	de tolerancia
unconnected	trust	inconexa
tolerance	anger	inconexa
tolerance	anticipation	inconexa
tolerance	disgust	tolerancia
tolerance	fear	de tolerancia
tolerance	joy	de tolerancia
tolerance	negative	de tolerancia
tolerance	positive	tolerancia
tolerance	sadness	de tolerancia
tolerance	surprise	de tolerancia
tolerance	trust	de tolerancia
wool	anger	lana
wool	anticipation	de lana
wool	disgust	de lana
wool	fear	de lana
wool	joy	lana
wool	negative	de lana
wool	positive	de lana
wool	sadness	de lana
wool	surprise	bayoneta
wool	trust	de bayoneta
bayonet	anger	de lana
bayonet	anticipation	de lana
bayonet	disgust	bayoneta
bayonet	fear	de bayoneta
bayonet	joy	de bayoneta
bayonet	negative	de bayoneta
bayonet	positive	bayoneta
bayonet	sadness	de bayoneta
bayonet	surprise	de bayoneta
bayonet	trust	de bayoneta
abnormal	anger	anormal
abnormal	anticipation	anormal
abnormal	disgust	anormal
abnormal	fear	anormal
abnormal	joy	anormal
abnormal	negative	anormal
abnormal	positive	anormal
abnormal	sadness	aguacate
abnormal	surprise	de aguacate
abnormal	trust	anormal
avocado	anger	anormal
avocado	anticipation	anormal
avocado	disgust	aguacate
avocado	fear	de aguacate
avocado	joy	de aguacate
avocado	negative	de aguacate
avocado	positive	aguacate
avocado	sadness	de aguacate
avocado	surprise	de aguacate
avocado	trust	de aguacate
obese	anger	obeso
obese	anticipation	obeso
obese	disgust	obeso
obese	fear	obeso
obese	joy	obeso
obese	negative	obeso
obese	positive	obeso
obese	sadness	obeso
obese	surprise	obeso
obese	trust	obeso
imprudent	anger	imprudente
imprudent	anticipation	imprudente
imprudent	disgust	imprudente
imprudent	fear	imprudente
imprudent	joy	imprudente
imprudent	negative	imprudente
imprudent	positive	imprudente
imprudent	sadness	servicio
imprudent	surprise	de servicio
imprudent	trust	imprudente
service	anger	imprudente
service	anticipation	imprudente
service	disgust	servicio
service	fear	de servicio
service	joy	de servicio
service	negative	de servicio
service	positive	servicio
service	sadness	de servicio
service	surprise	de servicio
service	trust	de servicio
talons	anger	talons
talons	anticipation	talons
talons	disgust	talons
talons	fear	talons
talons	joy	talons
talons	negative	talons
talons	positive	talons
talons	sadness	talons
talons	surprise	talons
talons	trust	talons
ways	anger	maneras
ways	anticipation	de maneras
ways	disgust	de maneras
ways	fear	de maneras
ways	joy	maneras
ways	negative	de maneras
ways	positive	de maneras
ways	sadness	de maneras
ways	surprise	patriarca
ways	trust	de patriarca
patriarch	anger	de maneras
patriarch	anticipation	de maneras
patriarch	disgust	patriarca
patriarch	fear	de patriarca
patriarch	joy	de patriarca
patriarch	negative	de patriarca
patriarch	positive	patriarca
patriarch	sadness	de patriarca
patriarch	surprise	de patriarca
patriarch	trust	de patriarca
canker	anger	canker
canker	anticipation	canker
canker	disgust	canker
canker	fear	canker
canker	joy	canker
canker	negative	canker
canker	positive	canker
canker	sadness	canker
canker	surprise	canker
canker	trust	canker
napkin	anger	servilleta
napkin	anticipation	de servilleta
napkin	disgust	de servilleta
napkin	fear	de servilleta
napkin	joy	servilleta
napkin	negative	de servilleta
napkin	positive	de servilleta
napkin	sadness	de servilleta
napkin	surprise	embajador
napkin	trust	de embajador
ambassador	anger	de servilleta
ambassador	anticipation	de servilleta
ambassador	disgust	embajador
ambassador	fear	de embajador
ambassador	joy	de embajador
ambassador	negative	de embajador
ambassador	positive	embajador
ambassador	sadness	de embajador
ambassador	surprise	de embajador
ambassador	trust	de embajador
possess	anger	posee
possess	anticipation	poseer
possess	disgust	poseer
possess	fear	poseer
possess	joy	poseer
possess	negative	poseer
possess	positive	poseer
possess	sadness	poseer
possess	surprise	poseer
possess	trust	poseer
disjunctive	anger	disjunctive
disjunctive	anticipation	disjunctive
disjunctive	disgust	disjunctive
disjunctive	fear	disjunctive
disjunctive	joy	disjunctive
disjunctive	negative	disjunctive
disjunctive	positive	disjunctive
disjunctive	sadness	disjunctive
disjunctive	surprise	disjunctive
disjunctive	trust	disjunctive
telegram	anger	telegrama
telegram	anticipation	de telegrama
telegram	disgust	de telegrama
telegram	fear	de telegrama
telegram	joy	telegrama
telegram	negative	de telegrama
telegram	positive	de telegrama
telegram	sadness	de telegrama
telegram	surprise	afinidad
telegram	trust	de afinidad
affinity	anger	de telegrama
affinity	anticipation	de telegrama
affinity	disgust	afinidad
affinity	fear	de afinidad
affinity	joy	de afinidad
affinity	negative	de afinidad
affinity	positive	afinidad
affinity	sadness	de afinidad
affinity	surprise	de afinidad
affinity	trust	de afinidad
lens	anger	lente
lens	anticipation	de lente
lens	disgust	de lente
lens	fear	de lente
lens	joy	lente
lens	negative	de lente
lens	positive	de lente
lens	sadness	de lente
lens	surprise	lente
lens	trust	de lente
unjustified	anger	unjustified
unjustified	anticipation	unjustified
unjustified	disgust	unjustified
unjustified	fear	unjustified
unjustified	joy	unjustified
unjustified	negative	unjustified
unjustified	positive	unjustified
unjustified	sadness	unjustified
unjustified	surprise	unjustified
unjustified	trust	unjustified
hopeless	anger	desesperado
hopeless	anticipation	desesperado
hopeless	disgust	desesperado
hopeless	fear	desesperado
hopeless	joy	desesperado
hopeless	negative	desesperado
hopeless	positive	desesperado
hopeless	sadness	recubrimiento
hopeless	surprise	de recubrimiento
hopeless	trust	desesperado
coating	anger	desesperado
coating	anticipation	desesperado
coating	disgust	recubrimiento
coating	fear	de recubrimiento
coating	joy	de recubrimiento
coating	negative	de recubrimiento
coating	positive	recubrimiento
coating	sadness	de recubrimiento
coating	surprise	de recubrimiento
coating	trust	de recubrimiento
thwart	anger	thwart
thwart	anticipation	thwart
thwart	disgust	thwart
thwart	fear	thwart
thwart	joy	thwart
thwart	negative	thwart
thwart	positive	thwart
thwart	sadness	thwart
thwart	surprise	thwart
thwart	trust	thwart
reference	anger	referencia
reference	anticipation	de referencia
reference	disgust	de referencia
reference	fear	de referencia
reference	joy	referencia
reference	negative	de referencia
reference	positive	de referencia
reference	sadness	de referencia
reference	surprise	coordenada
reference	trust	de coordenada
coordinate	anger	de referencia
coordinate	anticipation	de referencia
coordinate	disgust	coordenada
coordinate	fear	de coordenada
coordinate	joy	de coordenada
coordinate	negative	de coordenada
coordinate	positive	coordenada
coordinate	sadness	de coordenada
coordinate	surprise	de coordenada
coordinate	trust	de coordenada
horror	anger	horror
horror	anticipation	de horror
horror	disgust	de horror
horror	fear	de horror
horror	joy	horror
horror	negative	de horror
horror	positive	de horror
horror	sadness	de horror
horror	surprise	condición de mujer
horror	trust	de condición de mujer
womanhood	anger	de horror
womanhood	anticipation	de horror
womanhood	disgust	condición de mujer
womanhood	fear	de condición de mujer
womanhood	joy	de condición de mujer
womanhood	negative	de condición de mujer
womanhood	positive	condición de mujer
womanhood	sadness	de condición de mujer
womanhood	surprise	de condición de mujer
womanhood	trust	de condición de mujer
penetrate	anger	penetra
penetrate	anticipation	penetrar
penetrate	disgust	penetrar
penetrate	fear	penetrar
penetrate	joy	penetrar
penetrate	negative	penetrar
penetrate	positive	penetrar
penetrate	sadness	penetrar
penetrate	surprise	penetrar
penetrate	trust	penetrar
feeling	anger	sintiendo
feeling	anticipation	sentimiento
feeling	disgust	de sentimiento
feeling	fear	de sentimiento
feeling	joy	de sentimiento
feeling	negative	sentimiento
feeling	positive	de sentimiento
feeling	sadness	de sentimiento
feeling	surprise	de sentimiento
feeling	trust	ejército
army	anger	de ejército
army	anticipation	de ejército
army	disgust	de sentimiento
army	fear	ejército
army	joy	de ejército
army	negative	de ejército
army	positive	de ejército
army	sadness	ejército
army	surprise	de ejército
army	trust	del ejército
surmise	anger	surmise
surmise	anticipation	surmise
surmise	disgust	surmise
surmise	fear	surmise
surmise	joy	surmise
surmise	negative	surmise
surmise	positive	surmise
surmise	sadness	surmise
surmise	surprise	surmise
surmise	trust	surmise
sever	anger	sever
sever	anticipation	sever
sever	disgust	sever
sever	fear	sever
sever	joy	sever
sever	negative	sever
sever	positive	sever
sever	sadness	sever
sever	surprise	sever
sever	trust	sever
orifice	anger	orificio
orifice	anticipation	de orificio
orifice	disgust	de orificio
orifice	fear	de orificio
orifice	joy	orificio
orifice	negative	de orificio
orifice	positive	de orificio
orifice	sadness	de orificio
orifice	surprise	orificio
orifice	trust	de orificio
fasten	anger	fasten
fasten	anticipation	fasten
fasten	disgust	fasten
fasten	fear	fasten
fasten	joy	fasten
fasten	negative	fasten
fasten	positive	fasten
fasten	sadness	fasten
fasten	surprise	fasten
fasten	trust	fasten
mix	anger	mezcla
mix	anticipation	de mezcla
mix	disgust	de mezcla
mix	fear	de mezcla
mix	joy	mezcla
mix	negative	de mezcla
mix	positive	de mezcla
mix	sadness	de mezcla
mix	surprise	mezcla
mix	trust	de mezcla
unwillingness	anger	unwillingness
unwillingness	anticipation	unwillingness
unwillingness	disgust	unwillingness
unwillingness	fear	unwillingness
unwillingness	joy	unwillingness
unwillingness	negative	unwillingness
unwillingness	positive	unwillingness
unwillingness	sadness	unwillingness
unwillingness	surprise	unwillingness
unwillingness	trust	unwillingness
dependant	anger	dependant
dependant	anticipation	dependant
dependant	disgust	dependant
dependant	fear	dependant
dependant	joy	dependant
dependant	negative	dependant
dependant	positive	dependant
dependant	sadness	dependant
dependant	surprise	dependant
dependant	trust	dependant
sadness	anger	tristeza
sadness	anticipation	de tristeza
sadness	disgust	de tristeza
sadness	fear	de tristeza
sadness	joy	tristeza
sadness	negative	de tristeza
sadness	positive	de tristeza
sadness	sadness	de tristeza
sadness	surprise	tristeza
sadness	trust	de tristeza
succulent	anger	suculenta
succulent	anticipation	suculento
succulent	disgust	suculento
succulent	fear	suculento
succulent	joy	suculento
succulent	negative	suculento
succulent	positive	suculento
succulent	sadness	queja
succulent	surprise	de queja
succulent	trust	suculenta
complaint	anger	suculenta
complaint	anticipation	suculenta
complaint	disgust	queja
complaint	fear	de queja
complaint	joy	de queja
complaint	negative	de queja
complaint	positive	queja
complaint	sadness	de queja
complaint	surprise	de queja
complaint	trust	de queja
mathematical	anger	matemática
mathematical	anticipation	matemático
mathematical	disgust	matemático
mathematical	fear	matemático
mathematical	joy	matemático
mathematical	negative	matemático
mathematical	positive	matemático
mathematical	sadness	cordura
mathematical	surprise	de cordura
mathematical	trust	matemática
wisdom	anger	matemática
wisdom	anticipation	matemática
wisdom	disgust	cordura
wisdom	fear	de cordura
wisdom	joy	de cordura
wisdom	negative	de cordura
wisdom	positive	cordura
wisdom	sadness	de cordura
wisdom	surprise	de cordura
wisdom	trust	de cordura
turf	anger	turf
turf	anticipation	turf
turf	disgust	turf
turf	fear	turf
turf	joy	turf
turf	negative	turf
turf	positive	turf
turf	sadness	turf
turf	surprise	turf
turf	trust	turf
hydrographic	anger	hidrográfico
hydrographic	anticipation	hidrográfico
hydrographic	disgust	hidrográfico
hydrographic	fear	hidrográfico
hydrographic	joy	hidrográfico
hydrographic	negative	hidrográfico
hydrographic	positive	hidrográfico
hydrographic	sadness	hidrográfico
hydrographic	surprise	hidrográfico
hydrographic	trust	hidrográfico
excessively	anger	excesivamente
excessively	anticipation	excesivamente
excessively	disgust	excesivamente
excessively	fear	excesivamente
excessively	joy	excesivamente
excessively	negative	excesivamente
excessively	positive	excesivamente
excessively	sadness	excesivamente
excessively	surprise	excesivamente
excessively	trust	excesivamente
flake	anger	escama
flake	anticipation	de escama
flake	disgust	de escama
flake	fear	de escama
flake	joy	escama
flake	negative	de escama
flake	positive	de escama
flake	sadness	de escama
flake	surprise	escama
flake	trust	de escama
jointly	anger	conjuntamente
jointly	anticipation	conjuntamente
jointly	disgust	conjuntamente
jointly	fear	conjuntamente
jointly	joy	conjuntamente
jointly	negative	conjuntamente
jointly	positive	conjuntamente
jointly	sadness	conjuntamente
jointly	surprise	conjuntamente
jointly	trust	conjuntamente
grave	anger	grave
grave	anticipation	grave
grave	disgust	grave
grave	fear	grave
grave	joy	grave
grave	negative	grave
grave	positive	grave
grave	sadness	grave
grave	surprise	grave
grave	trust	grave
pillow	anger	pillow
pillow	anticipation	pillow
pillow	disgust	pillow
pillow	fear	pillow
pillow	joy	pillow
pillow	negative	pillow
pillow	positive	pillow
pillow	sadness	pillow
pillow	surprise	pillow
pillow	trust	pillow
count	anger	contar
count	anticipation	contar
count	disgust	contar
count	fear	contar
count	joy	contar
count	negative	contar
count	positive	contar
count	sadness	contar
count	surprise	contar
count	trust	contar
docket	anger	docket
docket	anticipation	docket
docket	disgust	docket
docket	fear	docket
docket	joy	docket
docket	negative	docket
docket	positive	docket
docket	sadness	docket
docket	surprise	docket
docket	trust	docket
thong	anger	thong
thong	anticipation	thong
thong	disgust	thong
thong	fear	thong
thong	joy	thong
thong	negative	thong
thong	positive	thong
thong	sadness	thong
thong	surprise	thong
thong	trust	thong
subscribe	anger	suscribir
subscribe	anticipation	suscribir
subscribe	disgust	suscribir
subscribe	fear	suscribir
subscribe	joy	suscribir
subscribe	negative	suscribir
subscribe	positive	suscribir
subscribe	sadness	suscribir
subscribe	surprise	suscribir
subscribe	trust	suscribir
deny	anger	negar
deny	anticipation	negar
deny	disgust	negar
deny	fear	negar
deny	joy	negar
deny	negative	negar
deny	positive	negar
deny	sadness	negar
deny	surprise	negar
deny	trust	negar
dumb	anger	mudo
dumb	anticipation	mudo
dumb	disgust	mudo
dumb	fear	mudo
dumb	joy	mudo
dumb	negative	mudo
dumb	positive	mudo
dumb	sadness	coma
dumb	surprise	de coma
dumb	trust	mudo
coma	anger	mudo
coma	anticipation	mudo
coma	disgust	coma
coma	fear	de coma
coma	joy	de coma
coma	negative	de coma
coma	positive	coma
coma	sadness	de coma
coma	surprise	de coma
coma	trust	de coma
pontoon	anger	pontoon
pontoon	anticipation	pontoon
pontoon	disgust	pontoon
pontoon	fear	pontoon
pontoon	joy	pontoon
pontoon	negative	pontoon
pontoon	positive	pontoon
pontoon	sadness	pontoon
pontoon	surprise	pontoon
pontoon	trust	pontoon
flock	anger	rebaño
flock	anticipation	de rebaño
flock	disgust	de rebaño
flock	fear	de rebaño
flock	joy	rebaño
flock	negative	de rebaño
flock	positive	de rebaño
flock	sadness	de rebaño
flock	surprise	rebaño
flock	trust	de rebaño
rosemary	anger	rosemary
rosemary	anticipation	rosemary
rosemary	disgust	rosemary
rosemary	fear	rosemary
rosemary	joy	rosemary
rosemary	negative	rosemary
rosemary	positive	rosemary
rosemary	sadness	rosemary
rosemary	surprise	rosemary
rosemary	trust	rosemary
muse	anger	musa
muse	anticipation	de musa
muse	disgust	de musa
muse	fear	de musa
muse	joy	musa
muse	negative	de musa
muse	positive	de musa
muse	sadness	de musa
muse	surprise	hospicio
muse	trust	de hospicio
hospice	anger	de musa
hospice	anticipation	de musa
hospice	disgust	hospicio
hospice	fear	de hospicio
hospice	joy	de hospicio
hospice	negative	de hospicio
hospice	positive	hospicio
hospice	sadness	de hospicio
hospice	surprise	de hospicio
hospice	trust	de hospicio
misuse	anger	abuso
misuse	anticipation	de abuso
misuse	disgust	de abuso
misuse	fear	de abuso
misuse	joy	abuso
misuse	negative	de abuso
misuse	positive	de abuso
misuse	sadness	de abuso
misuse	surprise	abuso
misuse	trust	de abuso
conceivable	anger	concebible
conceivable	anticipation	concebible
conceivable	disgust	concebible
conceivable	fear	concebible
conceivable	joy	concebible
conceivable	negative	concebible
conceivable	positive	concebible
conceivable	sadness	concebible
conceivable	surprise	concebible
conceivable	trust	concebible
void	anger	void
void	anticipation	void
void	disgust	void
void	fear	void
void	joy	void
void	negative	void
void	positive	void
void	sadness	void
void	surprise	void
void	trust	void
clientele	anger	clientela
clientele	anticipation	de clientela
clientele	disgust	de clientela
clientele	fear	de clientela
clientele	joy	clientela
clientele	negative	de clientela
clientele	positive	de clientela
clientele	sadness	de clientela
clientele	surprise	clientela
clientele	trust	de clientela
skeptical	anger	escéptica
skeptical	anticipation	escéptico
skeptical	disgust	escéptico
skeptical	fear	escéptico
skeptical	joy	escéptico
skeptical	negative	escéptico
skeptical	positive	escéptico
skeptical	sadness	cometa
skeptical	surprise	de cometa
skeptical	trust	escéptico
comet	anger	escéptico
comet	anticipation	escéptico
comet	disgust	cometa
comet	fear	de cometa
comet	joy	de cometa
comet	negative	de cometa
comet	positive	cometa
comet	sadness	de cometa
comet	surprise	de cometa
comet	trust	de cometa
hangar	anger	hangar
hangar	anticipation	de hangar
hangar	disgust	de hangar
hangar	fear	de hangar
hangar	joy	hangar
hangar	negative	de hangar
hangar	positive	de hangar
hangar	sadness	de hangar
hangar	surprise	hangar
hangar	trust	de hangar
freehold	anger	freehold
freehold	anticipation	freehold
freehold	disgust	freehold
freehold	fear	freehold
freehold	joy	freehold
freehold	negative	freehold
freehold	positive	freehold
freehold	sadness	freehold
freehold	surprise	freehold
freehold	trust	freehold
consult	anger	consultar
consult	anticipation	consultar
consult	disgust	consultar
consult	fear	consultar
consult	joy	consultar
consult	negative	consultar
consult	positive	consultar
consult	sadness	consultar
consult	surprise	consultar
consult	trust	consultar
mismanagement	anger	mismanagement
mismanagement	anticipation	mismanagement
mismanagement	disgust	mismanagement
mismanagement	fear	mismanagement
mismanagement	joy	mismanagement
mismanagement	negative	mismanagement
mismanagement	positive	mismanagement
mismanagement	sadness	mismanagement
mismanagement	surprise	mismanagement
mismanagement	trust	mismanagement
unfortunate	anger	unfortunate
unfortunate	anticipation	unfortunate
unfortunate	disgust	unfortunate
unfortunate	fear	unfortunate
unfortunate	joy	unfortunate
unfortunate	negative	unfortunate
unfortunate	positive	unfortunate
unfortunate	sadness	unfortunate
unfortunate	surprise	unfortunate
unfortunate	trust	unfortunate
pant	anger	pant
pant	anticipation	pant
pant	disgust	pant
pant	fear	pant
pant	joy	pant
pant	negative	pant
pant	positive	pant
pant	sadness	pant
pant	surprise	pant
pant	trust	pant
attachment	anger	anexo
attachment	anticipation	de anexo
attachment	disgust	de anexo
attachment	fear	de anexo
attachment	joy	anexo
attachment	negative	de anexo
attachment	positive	de anexo
attachment	sadness	de anexo
attachment	surprise	anexo
attachment	trust	de anexo
forfeit	anger	forfeit
forfeit	anticipation	forfeit
forfeit	disgust	forfeit
forfeit	fear	forfeit
forfeit	joy	forfeit
forfeit	negative	forfeit
forfeit	positive	forfeit
forfeit	sadness	forfeit
forfeit	surprise	forfeit
forfeit	trust	forfeit
shaft	anger	shaft
shaft	anticipation	shaft
shaft	disgust	shaft
shaft	fear	shaft
shaft	joy	shaft
shaft	negative	shaft
shaft	positive	shaft
shaft	sadness	shaft
shaft	surprise	shaft
shaft	trust	shaft
unaltered	anger	unaltered
unaltered	anticipation	unaltered
unaltered	disgust	unaltered
unaltered	fear	unaltered
unaltered	joy	unaltered
unaltered	negative	unaltered
unaltered	positive	unaltered
unaltered	sadness	unaltered
unaltered	surprise	unaltered
unaltered	trust	unaltered
attention	anger	atención
attention	anticipation	de atención
attention	disgust	de atención
attention	fear	de atención
attention	joy	atención
attention	negative	de atención
attention	positive	de atención
attention	sadness	de atención
attention	surprise	cuervo
attention	trust	de cuervo
raven	anger	de atención
raven	anticipation	de atención
raven	disgust	cuervo
raven	fear	de cuervo
raven	joy	de cuervo
raven	negative	de cuervo
raven	positive	cuervo
raven	sadness	de cuervo
raven	surprise	de cuervo
raven	trust	de cuervo
progress	anger	progreso
progress	anticipation	de progreso
progress	disgust	de progreso
progress	fear	de progreso
progress	joy	progreso
progress	negative	de progreso
progress	positive	de progreso
progress	sadness	de progreso
progress	surprise	progreso
progress	trust	de progreso
buggy	anger	buggy
buggy	anticipation	buggy
buggy	disgust	buggy
buggy	fear	buggy
buggy	joy	buggy
buggy	negative	buggy
buggy	positive	buggy
buggy	sadness	buggy
buggy	surprise	buggy
buggy	trust	buggy
devotional	anger	devotional
devotional	anticipation	devotional
devotional	disgust	devotional
devotional	fear	devotional
devotional	joy	devotional
devotional	negative	devotional
devotional	positive	devotional
devotional	sadness	devotional
devotional	surprise	devotional
devotional	trust	devotional
canterbury	anger	canterbury
canterbury	anticipation	canterbury
canterbury	disgust	canterbury
canterbury	fear	canterbury
canterbury	joy	canterbury
canterbury	negative	canterbury
canterbury	positive	canterbury
canterbury	sadness	canterbury
canterbury	surprise	canterbury
canterbury	trust	canterbury
plot	anger	parcela
plot	anticipation	de parcela
plot	disgust	de parcela
plot	fear	de parcela
plot	joy	parcela
plot	negative	de parcela
plot	positive	de parcela
plot	sadness	de parcela
plot	surprise	parcela
plot	trust	de parcela
mage	anger	mage
mage	anticipation	mage
mage	disgust	mage
mage	fear	mage
mage	joy	mage
mage	negative	mage
mage	positive	mage
mage	sadness	mage
mage	surprise	mage
mage	trust	mage
mixed	anger	mixto
mixed	anticipation	mixto
mixed	disgust	mixto
mixed	fear	mixto
mixed	joy	mixto
mixed	negative	mixto
mixed	positive	mixto
mixed	sadness	impulso
mixed	surprise	de impulso
mixed	trust	mixto
boost	anger	mixto
boost	anticipation	mixto
boost	disgust	impulso
boost	fear	de impulso
boost	joy	de impulso
boost	negative	de impulso
boost	positive	impulso
boost	sadness	de impulso
boost	surprise	de impulso
boost	trust	de impulso
economics	anger	economía
economics	anticipation	de economía
economics	disgust	de economía
economics	fear	de economía
economics	joy	economía
economics	negative	de economía
economics	positive	de economía
economics	sadness	de economía
economics	surprise	economía
economics	trust	de economía
evolve	anger	evoluciona
evolve	anticipation	evolucionar
evolve	disgust	evolucionar
evolve	fear	evolucionar
evolve	joy	evolucionar
evolve	negative	evolucionar
evolve	positive	evolucionar
evolve	sadness	evolucionar
evolve	surprise	evolucionar
evolve	trust	evolucionar
gloss	anger	glosa
gloss	anticipation	de glosa
gloss	disgust	de glosa
gloss	fear	de glosa
gloss	joy	glosa
gloss	negative	de glosa
gloss	positive	de glosa
gloss	sadness	de glosa
gloss	surprise	honradez
gloss	trust	de honradez
honesty	anger	de glosa
honesty	anticipation	de glosa
honesty	disgust	honradez
honesty	fear	de honradez
honesty	joy	de honradez
honesty	negative	de honradez
honesty	positive	honradez
honesty	sadness	de honradez
honesty	surprise	de honradez
honesty	trust	de honradez
stiletto	anger	stiletto
stiletto	anticipation	stiletto
stiletto	disgust	stiletto
stiletto	fear	stiletto
stiletto	joy	stiletto
stiletto	negative	stiletto
stiletto	positive	stiletto
stiletto	sadness	stiletto
stiletto	surprise	stiletto
stiletto	trust	stiletto
waning	anger	decayendo
waning	anticipation	decayendo
waning	disgust	decayendo
waning	fear	decayendo
waning	joy	decayendo
waning	negative	decayendo
waning	positive	decayendo
waning	sadness	decayendo
waning	surprise	decayendo
waning	trust	decayendo
iteration	anger	iteration
iteration	anticipation	iteration
iteration	disgust	iteration
iteration	fear	iteration
iteration	joy	iteration
iteration	negative	iteration
iteration	positive	iteration
iteration	sadness	iteration
iteration	surprise	iteration
iteration	trust	iteration
weight	anger	peso
weight	anticipation	de peso
weight	disgust	de peso
weight	fear	de peso
weight	joy	peso
weight	negative	de peso
weight	positive	de peso
weight	sadness	de peso
weight	surprise	peso
weight	trust	de peso
pier	anger	pier
pier	anticipation	pier
pier	disgust	pier
pier	fear	pier
pier	joy	pier
pier	negative	pier
pier	positive	pier
pier	sadness	pier
pier	surprise	pier
pier	trust	pier
leverage	anger	leverage
leverage	anticipation	leverage
leverage	disgust	leverage
leverage	fear	leverage
leverage	joy	leverage
leverage	negative	leverage
leverage	positive	leverage
leverage	sadness	leverage
leverage	surprise	leverage
leverage	trust	leverage
polemic	anger	polémico
polemic	anticipation	polémico
polemic	disgust	polémico
polemic	fear	polémico
polemic	joy	polémico
polemic	negative	polémico
polemic	positive	polémico
polemic	sadness	polémico
polemic	surprise	polémico
polemic	trust	polémico
trumpet	anger	trumpet
trumpet	anticipation	trumpet
trumpet	disgust	trumpet
trumpet	fear	trumpet
trumpet	joy	trumpet
trumpet	negative	trumpet
trumpet	positive	trumpet
trumpet	sadness	trumpet
trumpet	surprise	trumpet
trumpet	trust	trumpet
exile	anger	exilio
exile	anticipation	de exilio
exile	disgust	de exilio
exile	fear	de exilio
exile	joy	exilio
exile	negative	de exilio
exile	positive	de exilio
exile	sadness	de exilio
exile	surprise	prefacio
exile	trust	de prefacio
foreword	anger	de exilio
foreword	anticipation	de exilio
foreword	disgust	prefacio
foreword	fear	de prefacio
foreword	joy	de prefacio
foreword	negative	de prefacio
foreword	positive	prefacio
foreword	sadness	de prefacio
foreword	surprise	de prefacio
foreword	trust	de prefacio
discover	anger	descubre
discover	anticipation	descubrir
discover	disgust	descubrir
discover	fear	descubrir
discover	joy	descubrir
discover	negative	descubrir
discover	positive	descubrir
discover	sadness	descubrir
discover	surprise	descubrir
discover	trust	descubrir
emotive	anger	emotive
emotive	anticipation	emotive
emotive	disgust	emotive
emotive	fear	emotive
emotive	joy	emotive
emotive	negative	emotive
emotive	positive	emotive
emotive	sadness	emotive
emotive	surprise	emotive
emotive	trust	emotive
heater	anger	calentador
heater	anticipation	de calentador
heater	disgust	de calentador
heater	fear	de calentador
heater	joy	calentador
heater	negative	de calentador
heater	positive	de calentador
heater	sadness	de calentador
heater	surprise	calentador
heater	trust	de calentador
humiliate	anger	humilla
humiliate	anticipation	humillar
humiliate	disgust	humillar
humiliate	fear	humillar
humiliate	joy	humillar
humiliate	negative	humillar
humiliate	positive	humillar
humiliate	sadness	humillar
humiliate	surprise	humillar
humiliate	trust	humillar
eyepiece	anger	eyepiece
eyepiece	anticipation	eyepiece
eyepiece	disgust	eyepiece
eyepiece	fear	eyepiece
eyepiece	joy	eyepiece
eyepiece	negative	eyepiece
eyepiece	positive	eyepiece
eyepiece	sadness	eyepiece
eyepiece	surprise	eyepiece
eyepiece	trust	eyepiece
full	anger	lleno
full	anticipation	lleno
full	disgust	lleno
full	fear	lleno
full	joy	lleno
full	negative	lleno
full	positive	lleno
full	sadness	lleno
full	surprise	lleno
full	trust	lleno
tough	anger	duro
tough	anticipation	duro
tough	disgust	duro
tough	fear	duro
tough	joy	duro
tough	negative	duro
tough	positive	duro
tough	sadness	duro
tough	surprise	duro
tough	trust	duro
moderator	anger	moderator
moderator	anticipation	moderator
moderator	disgust	moderator
moderator	fear	moderator
moderator	joy	moderator
moderator	negative	moderator
moderator	positive	moderator
moderator	sadness	moderator
moderator	surprise	moderator
moderator	trust	moderator
paragon	anger	paragon
paragon	anticipation	paragon
paragon	disgust	paragon
paragon	fear	paragon
paragon	joy	paragon
paragon	negative	paragon
paragon	positive	paragon
paragon	sadness	paragon
paragon	surprise	paragon
paragon	trust	paragon
magnificence	anger	magnificence
magnificence	anticipation	magnificence
magnificence	disgust	magnificence
magnificence	fear	magnificence
magnificence	joy	magnificence
magnificence	negative	magnificence
magnificence	positive	magnificence
magnificence	sadness	magnificence
magnificence	surprise	magnificence
magnificence	trust	magnificence
menacing	anger	menacing
menacing	anticipation	menacing
menacing	disgust	menacing
menacing	fear	menacing
menacing	joy	menacing
menacing	negative	menacing
menacing	positive	menacing
menacing	sadness	menacing
menacing	surprise	menacing
menacing	trust	menacing
transmit	anger	transmitir
transmit	anticipation	transmitir
transmit	disgust	transmitir
transmit	fear	transmitir
transmit	joy	transmitir
transmit	negative	transmitir
transmit	positive	transmitir
transmit	sadness	transmitir
transmit	surprise	transmitir
transmit	trust	transmitir
smile	anger	sonrisa
smile	anticipation	de sonrisa
smile	disgust	de sonrisa
smile	fear	de sonrisa
smile	joy	sonrisa
smile	negative	de sonrisa
smile	positive	de sonrisa
smile	sadness	de sonrisa
smile	surprise	sonrisa
smile	trust	de sonrisa
pied	anger	pied
pied	anticipation	pied
pied	disgust	pied
pied	fear	pied
pied	joy	pied
pied	negative	pied
pied	positive	pied
pied	sadness	pied
pied	surprise	pied
pied	trust	pied
excited	anger	entusiasmó
excited	anticipation	entusiasmado
excited	disgust	entusiasmó
excited	fear	entusiasmado
excited	joy	entusiasmó
excited	negative	entusiasmado
excited	positive	entusiasmó
excited	sadness	entusiasmado
excited	surprise	entusiasmó
excited	trust	entusiasmado
roadway	anger	roadway
roadway	anticipation	roadway
roadway	disgust	roadway
roadway	fear	roadway
roadway	joy	roadway
roadway	negative	roadway
roadway	positive	roadway
roadway	sadness	roadway
roadway	surprise	roadway
roadway	trust	roadway
corporeal	anger	corporeal
corporeal	anticipation	corporeal
corporeal	disgust	corporeal
corporeal	fear	corporeal
corporeal	joy	corporeal
corporeal	negative	corporeal
corporeal	positive	corporeal
corporeal	sadness	corporeal
corporeal	surprise	corporeal
corporeal	trust	corporeal
realistic	anger	realista
realistic	anticipation	realista
realistic	disgust	realista
realistic	fear	realista
realistic	joy	realista
realistic	negative	realista
realistic	positive	realista
realistic	sadness	realista
realistic	surprise	realista
realistic	trust	realista
languid	anger	lánguido
languid	anticipation	lánguido
languid	disgust	lánguido
languid	fear	lánguido
languid	joy	lánguido
languid	negative	lánguido
languid	positive	lánguido
languid	sadness	lánguido
languid	surprise	lánguido
languid	trust	lánguido
preemption	anger	preemption
preemption	anticipation	preemption
preemption	disgust	preemption
preemption	fear	preemption
preemption	joy	preemption
preemption	negative	preemption
preemption	positive	preemption
preemption	sadness	preemption
preemption	surprise	preemption
preemption	trust	preemption
intramural	anger	intramural
intramural	anticipation	intramural
intramural	disgust	intramural
intramural	fear	intramural
intramural	joy	intramural
intramural	negative	intramural
intramural	positive	intramural
intramural	sadness	intramural
intramural	surprise	intramural
intramural	trust	intramural
prejudicial	anger	prejudicial
prejudicial	anticipation	prejudicial
prejudicial	disgust	prejudicial
prejudicial	fear	prejudicial
prejudicial	joy	prejudicial
prejudicial	negative	prejudicial
prejudicial	positive	prejudicial
prejudicial	sadness	prejudicial
prejudicial	surprise	prejudicial
prejudicial	trust	prejudicial
recognized	anger	reconoció
recognized	anticipation	reconocido
recognized	disgust	reconoció
recognized	fear	reconocido
recognized	joy	reconoció
recognized	negative	reconocido
recognized	positive	reconoció
recognized	sadness	reconocido
recognized	surprise	reconoció
recognized	trust	reconocido
nodding	anger	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	anticipation	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	disgust	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	fear	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	joy	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	negative	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	positive	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	sadness	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	surprise	asintiendo con la cabeza
nodding	trust	asintiendo con la cabeza
limit	anger	límite
limit	anticipation	de límite
limit	disgust	de límite
limit	fear	de límite
limit	joy	límite
limit	negative	de límite
limit	positive	de límite
limit	sadness	de límite
limit	surprise	límite
limit	trust	de límite
savanna	anger	savanna
savanna	anticipation	savanna
savanna	disgust	savanna
savanna	fear	savanna
savanna	joy	savanna
savanna	negative	savanna
savanna	positive	savanna
savanna	sadness	savanna
savanna	surprise	savanna
savanna	trust	savanna
boat	anger	barca
boat	anticipation	de barca
boat	disgust	de barca
boat	fear	de barca
boat	joy	barca
boat	negative	de barca
boat	positive	de barca
boat	sadness	de barca
boat	surprise	hábito
boat	trust	de hábito
frock	anger	de barca
frock	anticipation	de barca
frock	disgust	hábito
frock	fear	de hábito
frock	joy	de hábito
frock	negative	de hábito
frock	positive	hábito
frock	sadness	de hábito
frock	surprise	de hábito
frock	trust	de hábito
doubt	anger	duda
doubt	anticipation	de duda
doubt	disgust	de duda
doubt	fear	de duda
doubt	joy	duda
doubt	negative	de duda
doubt	positive	de duda
doubt	sadness	de duda
doubt	surprise	mandato
doubt	trust	de mandato
injunction	anger	de duda
injunction	anticipation	de duda
injunction	disgust	mandato
injunction	fear	de mandato
injunction	joy	de mandato
injunction	negative	de mandato
injunction	positive	mandato
injunction	sadness	de mandato
injunction	surprise	de mandato
injunction	trust	de mandato
panic	anger	pánico
panic	anticipation	de pánico
panic	disgust	de pánico
panic	fear	de pánico
panic	joy	pánico
panic	negative	de pánico
panic	positive	de pánico
panic	sadness	de pánico
panic	surprise	atenuación
panic	trust	de atenuación
mitigation	anger	de pánico
mitigation	anticipation	de pánico
mitigation	disgust	atenuación
mitigation	fear	de atenuación
mitigation	joy	de atenuación
mitigation	negative	de atenuación
mitigation	positive	atenuación
mitigation	sadness	de atenuación
mitigation	surprise	de atenuación
mitigation	trust	de atenuación
bipartite	anger	bipartite
bipartite	anticipation	bipartite
bipartite	disgust	bipartite
bipartite	fear	bipartite
bipartite	joy	bipartite
bipartite	negative	bipartite
bipartite	positive	bipartite
bipartite	sadness	bipartite
bipartite	surprise	bipartite
bipartite	trust	bipartite
tuna	anger	atún
tuna	anticipation	de atún
tuna	disgust	de atún
tuna	fear	de atún
tuna	joy	atún
tuna	negative	de atún
tuna	positive	de atún
tuna	sadness	de atún
tuna	surprise	cliente
tuna	trust	de cliente
customer	anger	de atún
customer	anticipation	de atún
customer	disgust	cliente
customer	fear	de cliente
customer	joy	de cliente
customer	negative	de cliente
customer	positive	cliente
customer	sadness	de cliente
customer	surprise	de cliente
customer	trust	de cliente
playhouse	anger	playhouse
playhouse	anticipation	playhouse
playhouse	disgust	playhouse
playhouse	fear	playhouse
playhouse	joy	playhouse
playhouse	negative	playhouse
playhouse	positive	playhouse
playhouse	sadness	playhouse
playhouse	surprise	playhouse
playhouse	trust	playhouse
hidden	anger	escondido
hidden	anticipation	escondido
hidden	disgust	escondido
hidden	fear	escondido
hidden	joy	escondido
hidden	negative	escondido
hidden	positive	escondido
hidden	sadness	escondido
hidden	surprise	lealtad
hidden	trust	de lealtad
allegiance	anger	escondida
allegiance	anticipation	escondida
allegiance	disgust	lealtad
allegiance	fear	de lealtad
allegiance	joy	de lealtad
allegiance	negative	de lealtad
allegiance	positive	lealtad
allegiance	sadness	de lealtad
allegiance	surprise	de lealtad
allegiance	trust	de lealtad
professorship	anger	professorship
professorship	anticipation	professorship
professorship	disgust	professorship
professorship	fear	professorship
professorship	joy	professorship
professorship	negative	professorship
professorship	positive	professorship
professorship	sadness	professorship
professorship	surprise	professorship
professorship	trust	professorship
qualify	anger	cualificar
qualify	anticipation	cualificar
qualify	disgust	cualificar
qualify	fear	cualificar
qualify	joy	cualificar
qualify	negative	cualificar
qualify	positive	cualificar
qualify	sadness	cualificar
qualify	surprise	cualificar
qualify	trust	cualificar
caucus	anger	caucus
caucus	anticipation	caucus
caucus	disgust	caucus
caucus	fear	caucus
caucus	joy	caucus
caucus	negative	caucus
caucus	positive	caucus
caucus	sadness	caucus
caucus	surprise	caucus
caucus	trust	caucus
reversion	anger	reversion
reversion	anticipation	reversion
reversion	disgust	reversion
reversion	fear	reversion
reversion	joy	reversion
reversion	negative	reversion
reversion	positive	reversion
reversion	sadness	reversion
reversion	surprise	reversion
reversion	trust	reversion
sable	anger	sable
sable	anticipation	sable
sable	disgust	sable
sable	fear	sable
sable	joy	sable
sable	negative	sable
sable	positive	sable
sable	sadness	sable
sable	surprise	sable
sable	trust	sable
municipal	anger	municipal
municipal	anticipation	municipal
municipal	disgust	municipal
municipal	fear	municipal
municipal	joy	municipal
municipal	negative	municipal
municipal	positive	municipal
municipal	sadness	pájaro
municipal	surprise	de pájaro
municipal	trust	municipal
bird	anger	municipal
bird	anticipation	municipal
bird	disgust	pájaro
bird	fear	de pájaro
bird	joy	de pájaro
bird	negative	de pájaro
bird	positive	pájaro
bird	sadness	de pájaro
bird	surprise	de pájaro
bird	trust	de pájaro
sly	anger	sly
sly	anticipation	sly
sly	disgust	sly
sly	fear	sly
sly	joy	sly
sly	negative	sly
sly	positive	sly
sly	sadness	sly
sly	surprise	sly
sly	trust	sly
session	anger	sesión
session	anticipation	de sesión
session	disgust	de sesión
session	fear	de sesión
session	joy	sesión
session	negative	de sesión
session	positive	de sesión
session	sadness	de sesión
session	surprise	sesión
session	trust	de sesión que
dazzling	anger	deslumbra
dazzling	anticipation	deslumbrante
dazzling	disgust	deslumbrante
dazzling	fear	deslumbrante
dazzling	joy	deslumbrante
dazzling	negative	deslumbrante
dazzling	positive	deslumbrante
dazzling	sadness	deslumbrante
dazzling	surprise	deslumbrante
dazzling	trust	deslumbrante
minstrel	anger	minstrel
minstrel	anticipation	minstrel
minstrel	disgust	minstrel
minstrel	fear	minstrel
minstrel	joy	minstrel
minstrel	negative	minstrel
minstrel	positive	minstrel
minstrel	sadness	minstrel
minstrel	surprise	minstrel
minstrel	trust	minstrel
repentance	anger	repentance
repentance	anticipation	repentance
repentance	disgust	repentance
repentance	fear	repentance
repentance	joy	repentance
repentance	negative	repentance
repentance	positive	repentance
repentance	sadness	repentance
repentance	surprise	repentance
repentance	trust	repentance
bead	anger	cuenta
bead	anticipation	de cuenta
bead	disgust	de cuenta
bead	fear	de cuenta
bead	joy	cuenta
bead	negative	de cuenta
bead	positive	de cuenta
bead	sadness	de cuenta
bead	surprise	apretón
bead	trust	de apretón
squeeze	anger	de cuenta
squeeze	anticipation	de cuenta
squeeze	disgust	apretón
squeeze	fear	de apretón
squeeze	joy	de apretón
squeeze	negative	de apretón
squeeze	positive	apretón
squeeze	sadness	de apretón
squeeze	surprise	de apretón
squeeze	trust	de apretón
connoisseur	anger	conocedor
connoisseur	anticipation	de conocedor
connoisseur	disgust	de conocedor
connoisseur	fear	de conocedor
connoisseur	joy	conocedor
connoisseur	negative	de conocedor
connoisseur	positive	de conocedor
connoisseur	sadness	de conocedor
connoisseur	surprise	conocedor
connoisseur	trust	de conocedor
glossy	anger	lustroso
glossy	anticipation	lustroso
glossy	disgust	lustroso
glossy	fear	lustroso
glossy	joy	lustroso
glossy	negative	lustroso
glossy	positive	lustroso
glossy	sadness	fecundidad
glossy	surprise	de fecundidad
glossy	trust	lustrosa
fecundity	anger	lustrosa
fecundity	anticipation	lustrosa
fecundity	disgust	fecundidad
fecundity	fear	de fecundidad
fecundity	joy	de fecundidad
fecundity	negative	de fecundidad
fecundity	positive	fecundidad
fecundity	sadness	de fecundidad
fecundity	surprise	de fecundidad
fecundity	trust	de fecundidad
dogmatic	anger	dogmática
dogmatic	anticipation	dogmático
dogmatic	disgust	dogmático
dogmatic	fear	dogmático
dogmatic	joy	dogmático
dogmatic	negative	dogmático
dogmatic	positive	dogmático
dogmatic	sadness	accesión
dogmatic	surprise	de accesión
dogmatic	trust	dogmática
accession	anger	dogmática
accession	anticipation	dogmática
accession	disgust	accesión
accession	fear	de accesión
accession	joy	de accesión
accession	negative	de accesión
accession	positive	accesión
accession	sadness	de accesión
accession	surprise	de accesión
accession	trust	de accesión
valuable	anger	valiosa
valuable	anticipation	valioso
valuable	disgust	valioso
valuable	fear	valioso
valuable	joy	valioso
valuable	negative	valioso
valuable	positive	valioso
valuable	sadness	valioso
valuable	surprise	valioso
valuable	trust	valioso
conjuring	anger	conjuring
conjuring	anticipation	conjuring
conjuring	disgust	conjuring
conjuring	fear	conjuring
conjuring	joy	conjuring
conjuring	negative	conjuring
conjuring	positive	conjuring
conjuring	sadness	conjuring
conjuring	surprise	conjuring
conjuring	trust	conjuring
woodlands	anger	bosques
woodlands	anticipation	de bosques
woodlands	disgust	de bosques
woodlands	fear	de bosques
woodlands	joy	bosques
woodlands	negative	de bosques
woodlands	positive	de bosques
woodlands	sadness	de bosques
woodlands	surprise	altiplanicie
woodlands	trust	de altiplanicie
plateau	anger	de bosques
plateau	anticipation	de bosques
plateau	disgust	altiplanicie
plateau	fear	de altiplanicie
plateau	joy	de altiplanicie
plateau	negative	de altiplanicie
plateau	positive	altiplanicie
plateau	sadness	de altiplanicie
plateau	surprise	de altiplanicie
plateau	trust	de altiplanicie
duster	anger	duster
duster	anticipation	duster
duster	disgust	duster
duster	fear	duster
duster	joy	duster
duster	negative	duster
duster	positive	duster
duster	sadness	duster
duster	surprise	duster
duster	trust	duster
aggravating	anger	agravante
aggravating	anticipation	agravante
aggravating	disgust	agravante
aggravating	fear	agravante
aggravating	joy	agravante
aggravating	negative	agravante
aggravating	positive	agravante
aggravating	sadness	agravante
aggravating	surprise	agravante
aggravating	trust	agravante
lick	anger	lamer
lick	anticipation	lamer
lick	disgust	lamer
lick	fear	lamer
lick	joy	lamer
lick	negative	lamer
lick	positive	lamer
lick	sadness	lamer
lick	surprise	lamer
lick	trust	lamer
abstention	anger	abstención
abstention	anticipation	de abstención
abstention	disgust	de abstención
abstention	fear	de abstención
abstention	joy	abstención
abstention	negative	de abstención
abstention	positive	de abstención
abstention	sadness	de abstención
abstention	surprise	franquicia
abstention	trust	de franquicia
franchise	anger	de abstención
franchise	anticipation	de abstención
franchise	disgust	franquicia
franchise	fear	de franquicia
franchise	joy	de franquicia
franchise	negative	de franquicia
franchise	positive	franquicia
franchise	sadness	de franquicia
franchise	surprise	de franquicia
franchise	trust	de franquicia
hockey	anger	hockey
hockey	anticipation	de hockey
hockey	disgust	de hockey
hockey	fear	de hockey
hockey	joy	hockey
hockey	negative	de hockey
hockey	positive	de hockey
hockey	sadness	de hockey
hockey	surprise	módulo
hockey	trust	de módulo
module	anger	de hockey
module	anticipation	de hockey
module	disgust	módulo
module	fear	de módulo
module	joy	de módulo
module	negative	de módulo
module	positive	módulo
module	sadness	de módulo
module	surprise	de módulo
module	trust	de módulo
corps	anger	cuerpo
corps	anticipation	de cuerpo
corps	disgust	de cuerpo
corps	fear	de cuerpo
corps	joy	cuerpo
corps	negative	de cuerpo
corps	positive	de cuerpo
corps	sadness	de cuerpo
corps	surprise	cuerpo
corps	trust	de cuerpo
mettle	anger	mettle
mettle	anticipation	mettle
mettle	disgust	mettle
mettle	fear	mettle
mettle	joy	mettle
mettle	negative	mettle
mettle	positive	mettle
mettle	sadness	mettle
mettle	surprise	mettle
mettle	trust	mettle
winged	anger	winged
winged	anticipation	winged
winged	disgust	winged
winged	fear	winged
winged	joy	winged
winged	negative	winged
winged	positive	winged
winged	sadness	winged
winged	surprise	winged
winged	trust	winged
jug	anger	jarra
jug	anticipation	de jarra
jug	disgust	de jarra
jug	fear	de jarra
jug	joy	jarra
jug	negative	de jarra
jug	positive	de jarra
jug	sadness	de jarra
jug	surprise	niño
jug	trust	de niño
kid	anger	de jarra
kid	anticipation	de jarra
kid	disgust	niño
kid	fear	de niño
kid	joy	de niño
kid	negative	de niño
kid	positive	niño
kid	sadness	de niño
kid	surprise	de niño
kid	trust	de niño
mackerel	anger	caballa
mackerel	anticipation	de caballa
mackerel	disgust	de caballa
mackerel	fear	de caballa
mackerel	joy	caballa
mackerel	negative	de caballa
mackerel	positive	de caballa
mackerel	sadness	de caballa
mackerel	surprise	raya
mackerel	trust	de raya
stripe	anger	de caballa
stripe	anticipation	de caballa
stripe	disgust	raya
stripe	fear	de raya
stripe	joy	de raya
stripe	negative	de raya
stripe	positive	raya
stripe	sadness	de raya
stripe	surprise	de raya
stripe	trust	de raya
sire	anger	sire
sire	anticipation	sire
sire	disgust	sire
sire	fear	sire
sire	joy	sire
sire	negative	sire
sire	positive	sire
sire	sadness	sire
sire	surprise	sire
sire	trust	sire
modesty	anger	modestia
modesty	anticipation	de modestia
modesty	disgust	de modestia
modesty	fear	de modestia
modesty	joy	modestia
modesty	negative	de modestia
modesty	positive	de modestia
modesty	sadness	de modestia
modesty	surprise	modestia
modesty	trust	de modestia
republican	anger	republicana
republican	anticipation	republicano
republican	disgust	republicano
republican	fear	republicano
republican	joy	republicano
republican	negative	republicano
republican	positive	republicano
republican	sadness	republicano
republican	surprise	republicano
republican	trust	republicano
joyous	anger	dichoso
joyous	anticipation	dichoso
joyous	disgust	dichoso
joyous	fear	dichoso
joyous	joy	dichoso
joyous	negative	dichoso
joyous	positive	dichoso
joyous	sadness	dichoso
joyous	surprise	dichoso
joyous	trust	dichoso
janitor	anger	janitor
janitor	anticipation	janitor
janitor	disgust	janitor
janitor	fear	janitor
janitor	joy	janitor
janitor	negative	janitor
janitor	positive	janitor
janitor	sadness	janitor
janitor	surprise	janitor
janitor	trust	janitor
nightingale	anger	ruiseñor
nightingale	anticipation	de ruiseñor
nightingale	disgust	de ruiseñor
nightingale	fear	de ruiseñor
nightingale	joy	ruiseñor
nightingale	negative	de ruiseñor
nightingale	positive	de ruiseñor
nightingale	sadness	de ruiseñor
nightingale	surprise	manipulación
nightingale	trust	de manipulación
manipulation	anger	de ruiseñor
manipulation	anticipation	de ruiseñor
manipulation	disgust	manipulación
manipulation	fear	de manipulación
manipulation	joy	de manipulación
manipulation	negative	de manipulación
manipulation	positive	manipulación
manipulation	sadness	de manipulación
manipulation	surprise	de manipulación
manipulation	trust	de manipulación
insidious	anger	insidiosa
insidious	anticipation	insidioso
insidious	disgust	insidioso
insidious	fear	insidioso
insidious	joy	insidioso
insidious	negative	insidioso
insidious	positive	insidioso
insidious	sadness	discurso
insidious	surprise	de discurso
insidious	trust	insidioso
speech	anger	insidioso
speech	anticipation	insidioso
speech	disgust	discurso
speech	fear	de discurso
speech	joy	de discurso
speech	negative	de discurso
speech	positive	discurso
speech	sadness	de discurso
speech	surprise	de discurso
speech	trust	de discurso
humbug	anger	paparruchas
humbug	anticipation	de paparruchas
humbug	disgust	de paparruchas
humbug	fear	de paparruchas
humbug	joy	paparruchas
humbug	negative	de paparruchas
humbug	positive	de paparruchas
humbug	sadness	de paparruchas
humbug	surprise	paparruchas
humbug	trust	de paparruchas
unsweetened	anger	unsweetened
unsweetened	anticipation	unsweetened
unsweetened	disgust	unsweetened
unsweetened	fear	unsweetened
unsweetened	joy	unsweetened
unsweetened	negative	unsweetened
unsweetened	positive	unsweetened
unsweetened	sadness	unsweetened
unsweetened	surprise	unsweetened
unsweetened	trust	unsweetened
assignment	anger	asignación
assignment	anticipation	de asignación
assignment	disgust	de asignación
assignment	fear	de asignación
assignment	joy	asignación
assignment	negative	de asignación
assignment	positive	de asignación
assignment	sadness	de asignación
assignment	surprise	asignación
assignment	trust	de asignación
synonymous	anger	sinónima
synonymous	anticipation	sinónimo
synonymous	disgust	sinónimo
synonymous	fear	sinónimo
synonymous	joy	sinónimo
synonymous	negative	sinónimo
synonymous	positive	sinónimo
synonymous	sadness	sinónimo
synonymous	surprise	sinónimo
synonymous	trust	sinónimo
typewriter	anger	typewriter
typewriter	anticipation	typewriter
typewriter	disgust	typewriter
typewriter	fear	typewriter
typewriter	joy	typewriter
typewriter	negative	typewriter
typewriter	positive	typewriter
typewriter	sadness	typewriter
typewriter	surprise	typewriter
typewriter	trust	typewriter
infliction	anger	infliction
infliction	anticipation	infliction
infliction	disgust	infliction
infliction	fear	infliction
infliction	joy	infliction
infliction	negative	infliction
infliction	positive	infliction
infliction	sadness	infliction
infliction	surprise	infliction
infliction	trust	infliction
attrition	anger	attrition
attrition	anticipation	attrition
attrition	disgust	attrition
attrition	fear	attrition
attrition	joy	attrition
attrition	negative	attrition
attrition	positive	attrition
attrition	sadness	attrition
attrition	surprise	attrition
attrition	trust	attrition
gymnastics	anger	gimnasia
gymnastics	anticipation	de gimnasia
gymnastics	disgust	de gimnasia
gymnastics	fear	de gimnasia
gymnastics	joy	gimnasia
gymnastics	negative	de gimnasia
gymnastics	positive	de gimnasia
gymnastics	sadness	de gimnasia
gymnastics	surprise	gimnasia
gymnastics	trust	de gimnasia
retriever	anger	retriever
retriever	anticipation	retriever
retriever	disgust	retriever
retriever	fear	retriever
retriever	joy	retriever
retriever	negative	retriever
retriever	positive	retriever
retriever	sadness	retriever
retriever	surprise	retriever
retriever	trust	retriever
pension	anger	pensión
pension	anticipation	de pensión
pension	disgust	de pensión
pension	fear	de pensión
pension	joy	pensión
pension	negative	de pensión
pension	positive	de pensión
pension	sadness	de pensión
pension	surprise	pensión
pension	trust	de pensión
entirety	anger	entirety
entirety	anticipation	entirety
entirety	disgust	entirety
entirety	fear	entirety
entirety	joy	entirety
entirety	negative	entirety
entirety	positive	entirety
entirety	sadness	entirety
entirety	surprise	entirety
entirety	trust	entirety
undertake	anger	emprender
undertake	anticipation	emprender
undertake	disgust	emprender
undertake	fear	emprender
undertake	joy	emprender
undertake	negative	emprender
undertake	positive	emprender
undertake	sadness	emprender
undertake	surprise	emprender
undertake	trust	emprender
kayak	anger	kayak
kayak	anticipation	de kayak
kayak	disgust	de kayak
kayak	fear	de kayak
kayak	joy	kayak
kayak	negative	de kayak
kayak	positive	de kayak
kayak	sadness	de kayak
kayak	surprise	kayak
kayak	trust	de kayak
sparingly	anger	sobriamente
sparingly	anticipation	sobriamente
sparingly	disgust	sobriamente
sparingly	fear	sobriamente
sparingly	joy	sobriamente
sparingly	negative	sobriamente
sparingly	positive	sobriamente
sparingly	sadness	sobriamente
sparingly	surprise	sobriamente
sparingly	trust	sobriamente
bush	anger	arbusto
bush	anticipation	de arbusto
bush	disgust	de arbusto
bush	fear	de arbusto
bush	joy	arbusto
bush	negative	de arbusto
bush	positive	de arbusto
bush	sadness	de arbusto
bush	surprise	arbusto
bush	trust	de arbusto
determinate	anger	determinado
determinate	anticipation	determinado
determinate	disgust	determinado
determinate	fear	determinado
determinate	joy	determinado
determinate	negative	determinado
determinate	positive	determinado
determinate	sadness	determinado
determinate	surprise	determinado
determinate	trust	determinado
remind	anger	recordar
remind	anticipation	recordar
remind	disgust	recordar
remind	fear	recordar
remind	joy	recordar
remind	negative	recordar
remind	positive	recordar
remind	sadness	recordar
remind	surprise	recordar
remind	trust	recordar
culvert	anger	culvert
culvert	anticipation	culvert
culvert	disgust	culvert
culvert	fear	culvert
culvert	joy	culvert
culvert	negative	culvert
culvert	positive	culvert
culvert	sadness	culvert
culvert	surprise	culvert
culvert	trust	culvert
riveting	anger	ribeteado
riveting	anticipation	ribeteado
riveting	disgust	ribeteado
riveting	fear	ribeteado
riveting	joy	ribeteado
riveting	negative	ribeteado
riveting	positive	ribeteado
riveting	sadness	ribeteado
riveting	surprise	ribeteado
riveting	trust	ribeteado
sounding	anger	sonando
sounding	anticipation	sonando
sounding	disgust	sonando
sounding	fear	sonando
sounding	joy	sonando
sounding	negative	sonando
sounding	positive	sonando
sounding	sadness	sonando
sounding	surprise	sonando
sounding	trust	sonando
zealous	anger	celoso
zealous	anticipation	celoso
zealous	disgust	celoso
zealous	fear	celoso
zealous	joy	celoso
zealous	negative	celoso
zealous	positive	celoso
zealous	sadness	celoso
zealous	surprise	celoso
zealous	trust	celoso
shawl	anger	shawl
shawl	anticipation	shawl
shawl	disgust	shawl
shawl	fear	shawl
shawl	joy	shawl
shawl	negative	shawl
shawl	positive	shawl
shawl	sadness	shawl
shawl	surprise	shawl
shawl	trust	shawl
atonement	anger	atonement
atonement	anticipation	atonement
atonement	disgust	atonement
atonement	fear	atonement
atonement	joy	atonement
atonement	negative	atonement
atonement	positive	atonement
atonement	sadness	atonement
atonement	surprise	atonement
atonement	trust	atonement
fore	anger	fore
fore	anticipation	fore
fore	disgust	fore
fore	fear	fore
fore	joy	fore
fore	negative	fore
fore	positive	fore
fore	sadness	fore
fore	surprise	fore
fore	trust	fore
installment	anger	plazo
installment	anticipation	de plazo
installment	disgust	de plazo
installment	fear	de plazo
installment	joy	plazo
installment	negative	de plazo
installment	positive	de plazo
installment	sadness	de plazo
installment	surprise	plazo
installment	trust	de plazo
transparent	anger	transparente
transparent	anticipation	transparente
transparent	disgust	transparente
transparent	fear	transparente
transparent	joy	transparente
transparent	negative	transparente
transparent	positive	transparente
transparent	sadness	brujo
transparent	surprise	de brujo
transparent	trust	transparente
wizard	anger	transparente
wizard	anticipation	transparente
wizard	disgust	brujo
wizard	fear	de brujo
wizard	joy	de brujo
wizard	negative	de brujo
wizard	positive	brujo
wizard	sadness	de brujo
wizard	surprise	de brujo
wizard	trust	de brujo
witness	anger	testigo
witness	anticipation	de testigo
witness	disgust	de testigo
witness	fear	de testigo
witness	joy	testigo
witness	negative	de testigo
witness	positive	de testigo
witness	sadness	de testigo
witness	surprise	testigo
witness	trust	de testigo
encrypt	anger	encripta
encrypt	anticipation	encriptar
encrypt	disgust	encriptar
encrypt	fear	encriptar
encrypt	joy	encriptar
encrypt	negative	encriptar
encrypt	positive	encriptar
encrypt	sadness	encriptar
encrypt	surprise	encriptar
encrypt	trust	encriptar
dole	anger	dole
dole	anticipation	dole
dole	disgust	dole
dole	fear	dole
dole	joy	dole
dole	negative	dole
dole	positive	dole
dole	sadness	dole
dole	surprise	dole
dole	trust	dole
imagined	anger	imaginó
imagined	anticipation	imaginado
imagined	disgust	imaginó
imagined	fear	imaginado
imagined	joy	imaginó
imagined	negative	imaginado
imagined	positive	imaginó
imagined	sadness	imaginado
imagined	surprise	imaginó
imagined	trust	túbulo
tubule	anger	de túbulo
tubule	anticipation	de túbulo
tubule	disgust	imaginado
tubule	fear	túbulo
tubule	joy	de túbulo
tubule	negative	de túbulo
tubule	positive	de túbulo
tubule	sadness	jardinero
tubule	surprise	de túbulo
tubule	trust	de túbulo
gardener	anger	de túbulo
gardener	anticipation	jardinero
gardener	disgust	de jardinero
gardener	fear	de jardinero
gardener	joy	de jardinero
gardener	negative	jardinero
gardener	positive	de jardinero
gardener	sadness	de jardinero
gardener	surprise	de jardinero
gardener	trust	jardinero
samurai	anger	samurai
samurai	anticipation	samurai
samurai	disgust	samurai
samurai	fear	samurai
samurai	joy	samurai
samurai	negative	samurai
samurai	positive	samurai
samurai	sadness	samurai
samurai	surprise	samurai
samurai	trust	samurai
cheesecake	anger	cheesecake
cheesecake	anticipation	cheesecake
cheesecake	disgust	cheesecake
cheesecake	fear	cheesecake
cheesecake	joy	cheesecake
cheesecake	negative	cheesecake
cheesecake	positive	cheesecake
cheesecake	sadness	cheesecake
cheesecake	surprise	cheesecake
cheesecake	trust	cheesecake
knuckle	anger	nudillo
knuckle	anticipation	de nudillo
knuckle	disgust	de nudillo
knuckle	fear	de nudillo
knuckle	joy	nudillo
knuckle	negative	de nudillo
knuckle	positive	de nudillo
knuckle	sadness	de nudillo
knuckle	surprise	nudillo
knuckle	trust	de nudillo
stoneware	anger	stoneware
stoneware	anticipation	stoneware
stoneware	disgust	stoneware
stoneware	fear	stoneware
stoneware	joy	stoneware
stoneware	negative	stoneware
stoneware	positive	stoneware
stoneware	sadness	stoneware
stoneware	surprise	stoneware
stoneware	trust	stoneware
doze	anger	doze
doze	anticipation	doze
doze	disgust	doze
doze	fear	doze
doze	joy	doze
doze	negative	doze
doze	positive	doze
doze	sadness	doze
doze	surprise	doze
doze	trust	doze
fireplace	anger	chimenea
fireplace	anticipation	de chimenea
fireplace	disgust	de chimenea
fireplace	fear	de chimenea
fireplace	joy	chimenea
fireplace	negative	de chimenea
fireplace	positive	de chimenea
fireplace	sadness	de chimenea
fireplace	surprise	chimenea
fireplace	trust	de chimenea
fenced	anger	vallada
fenced	anticipation	vallado
fenced	disgust	vallado
fenced	fear	vallado
fenced	joy	vallado
fenced	negative	vallado
fenced	positive	vallado
fenced	sadness	vallado
fenced	surprise	vallado
fenced	trust	vallado
presto	anger	presto
presto	anticipation	presto
presto	disgust	presto
presto	fear	presto
presto	joy	presto
presto	negative	presto
presto	positive	presto
presto	sadness	presto
presto	surprise	presto
presto	trust	presto
filthy	anger	filthy
filthy	anticipation	filthy
filthy	disgust	filthy
filthy	fear	filthy
filthy	joy	filthy
filthy	negative	filthy
filthy	positive	filthy
filthy	sadness	filthy
filthy	surprise	filthy
filthy	trust	filthy
header	anger	encabezamiento
header	anticipation	de encabezamiento
header	disgust	de encabezamiento
header	fear	de encabezamiento
header	joy	encabezamiento
header	negative	de encabezamiento
header	positive	de encabezamiento
header	sadness	de encabezamiento
header	surprise	estofado
header	trust	de estofado
stew	anger	de encabezamiento
stew	anticipation	de encabezamiento
stew	disgust	estofado
stew	fear	de estofado
stew	joy	de estofado
stew	negative	de estofado
stew	positive	estofado
stew	sadness	de estofado
stew	surprise	de estofado
stew	trust	de estofado
entangled	anger	entangled
entangled	anticipation	entangled
entangled	disgust	entangled
entangled	fear	entangled
entangled	joy	entangled
entangled	negative	entangled
entangled	positive	entangled
entangled	sadness	entangled
entangled	surprise	entangled
entangled	trust	entangled
dermatology	anger	dermatología
dermatology	anticipation	de dermatología
dermatology	disgust	de dermatología
dermatology	fear	de dermatología
dermatology	joy	dermatología
dermatology	negative	de dermatología
dermatology	positive	de dermatología
dermatology	sadness	de dermatología
dermatology	surprise	subconjunto
dermatology	trust	de subconjunto
subset	anger	de dermatología
subset	anticipation	de dermatología
subset	disgust	subconjunto
subset	fear	de subconjunto
subset	joy	de subconjunto
subset	negative	de subconjunto
subset	positive	subconjunto
subset	sadness	de subconjunto
subset	surprise	de subconjunto
subset	trust	de subconjunto que
lessening	anger	menoscaba
lessening	anticipation	menoscabando
lessening	disgust	menoscabando
lessening	fear	menoscabando
lessening	joy	menoscabando
lessening	negative	menoscabando
lessening	positive	menoscabando
lessening	sadness	menoscabando
lessening	surprise	menoscabando
lessening	trust	menoscabando
ley	anger	ley
ley	anticipation	ley
ley	disgust	ley
ley	fear	ley
ley	joy	ley
ley	negative	ley
ley	positive	ley
ley	sadness	ley
ley	surprise	ley
ley	trust	ley
proportion	anger	proporción
proportion	anticipation	de proporción
proportion	disgust	de proporción
proportion	fear	de proporción
proportion	joy	proporción
proportion	negative	de proporción
proportion	positive	de proporción
proportion	sadness	de proporción
proportion	surprise	proporción
proportion	trust	de proporción
vegetarianism	anger	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	anticipation	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	disgust	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	fear	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	joy	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	negative	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	positive	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	sadness	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	surprise	vegetarianism
vegetarianism	trust	vegetarianism
dual	anger	dual
dual	anticipation	dual
dual	disgust	dual
dual	fear	dual
dual	joy	dual
dual	negative	dual
dual	positive	dual
dual	sadness	dual
dual	surprise	dual
dual	trust	dual
unruly	anger	unruly
unruly	anticipation	unruly
unruly	disgust	unruly
unruly	fear	unruly
unruly	joy	unruly
unruly	negative	unruly
unruly	positive	unruly
unruly	sadness	unruly
unruly	surprise	unruly
unruly	trust	unruly
sonar	anger	sonar
sonar	anticipation	sonar
sonar	disgust	sonar
sonar	fear	sonar
sonar	joy	sonar
sonar	negative	sonar
sonar	positive	sonar
sonar	sadness	sonar
sonar	surprise	sonar
sonar	trust	sonar
leeway	anger	libertad de acción
leeway	anticipation	de libertad de acción
leeway	disgust	de libertad de acción
leeway	fear	de libertad de acción
leeway	joy	libertad de acción
leeway	negative	de libertad de acción
leeway	positive	de libertad de acción
leeway	sadness	de libertad de acción
leeway	surprise	libertad de acción
leeway	trust	de libertad de acción
piper	anger	piper
piper	anticipation	piper
piper	disgust	piper
piper	fear	piper
piper	joy	piper
piper	negative	piper
piper	positive	piper
piper	sadness	piper
piper	surprise	piper
piper	trust	piper
breakfast	anger	almuerzo
breakfast	anticipation	de almuerzo
breakfast	disgust	de almuerzo
breakfast	fear	de almuerzo
breakfast	joy	almuerzo
breakfast	negative	de almuerzo
breakfast	positive	de almuerzo
breakfast	sadness	de almuerzo
breakfast	surprise	razones
breakfast	trust	de almuerzo
reasons	anger	del almuerzo
reasons	anticipation	razona
reasons	disgust	las razones
reasons	fear	razona
reasons	joy	las razones
reasons	negative	razona
reasons	positive	las razones
reasons	sadness	razona
reasons	surprise	las razones
reasons	trust	razona
possession	anger	posesión
possession	anticipation	de posesión
possession	disgust	de posesión
possession	fear	de posesión
possession	joy	posesión
possession	negative	de posesión
possession	positive	de posesión
possession	sadness	de posesión
possession	surprise	riqueza
possession	trust	de riqueza
wealth	anger	de posesión
wealth	anticipation	de posesión
wealth	disgust	riqueza
wealth	fear	de riqueza
wealth	joy	de riqueza
wealth	negative	de riqueza
wealth	positive	riqueza
wealth	sadness	de riqueza
wealth	surprise	de riqueza
wealth	trust	de riqueza
tabular	anger	tabular
tabular	anticipation	tabular
tabular	disgust	tabular
tabular	fear	tabular
tabular	joy	tabular
tabular	negative	tabular
tabular	positive	tabular
tabular	sadness	tabular
tabular	surprise	tabular
tabular	trust	tabular
unacknowledged	anger	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	anticipation	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	disgust	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	fear	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	joy	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	negative	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	positive	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	sadness	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	surprise	unacknowledged
unacknowledged	trust	unacknowledged
light	anger	ligero
light	anticipation	ligero
light	disgust	ligero
light	fear	ligero
light	joy	ligero
light	negative	ligero
light	positive	ligero
light	sadness	ligero
light	surprise	ligero
light	trust	ligero
carnage	anger	carnage
carnage	anticipation	carnage
carnage	disgust	carnage
carnage	fear	carnage
carnage	joy	carnage
carnage	negative	carnage
carnage	positive	carnage
carnage	sadness	carnage
carnage	surprise	carnage
carnage	trust	carnage
locker	anger	locker
locker	anticipation	locker
locker	disgust	locker
locker	fear	locker
locker	joy	locker
locker	negative	locker
locker	positive	locker
locker	sadness	locker
locker	surprise	locker
locker	trust	locker
perilous	anger	arriesgado
perilous	anticipation	arriesgado
perilous	disgust	arriesgado
perilous	fear	arriesgado
perilous	joy	arriesgado
perilous	negative	arriesgado
perilous	positive	arriesgado
perilous	sadness	arriesgado
perilous	surprise	arriesgado
perilous	trust	arriesgado
happen	anger	pasar
happen	anticipation	pasar
happen	disgust	pasar
happen	fear	pasar
happen	joy	pasar
happen	negative	pasar
happen	positive	pasar
happen	sadness	pasar
happen	surprise	pasar
happen	trust	pasar
irregular	anger	irregular
irregular	anticipation	irregular
irregular	disgust	irregular
irregular	fear	irregular
irregular	joy	irregular
irregular	negative	irregular
irregular	positive	irregular
irregular	sadness	irregular
irregular	surprise	irregular
irregular	trust	irregular
brighten	anger	brighten
brighten	anticipation	brighten
brighten	disgust	brighten
brighten	fear	brighten
brighten	joy	brighten
brighten	negative	brighten
brighten	positive	brighten
brighten	sadness	brighten
brighten	surprise	brighten
brighten	trust	brighten
vindictive	anger	vengativo
vindictive	anticipation	vengativo
vindictive	disgust	vengativo
vindictive	fear	vengativo
vindictive	joy	vengativo
vindictive	negative	vengativo
vindictive	positive	vengativo
vindictive	sadness	vengativo
vindictive	surprise	vengativo
vindictive	trust	vengativo
howsoever	anger	howsoever
howsoever	anticipation	howsoever
howsoever	disgust	howsoever
howsoever	fear	howsoever
howsoever	joy	howsoever
howsoever	negative	howsoever
howsoever	positive	howsoever
howsoever	sadness	howsoever
howsoever	surprise	howsoever
howsoever	trust	howsoever
witch	anger	bruja
witch	anticipation	de bruja
witch	disgust	de bruja
witch	fear	de bruja
witch	joy	bruja
witch	negative	de bruja
witch	positive	de bruja
witch	sadness	de bruja
witch	surprise	tacón
witch	trust	de tacón
heel	anger	de bruja
heel	anticipation	de bruja
heel	disgust	tacón
heel	fear	de tacón
heel	joy	de tacón
heel	negative	de tacón
heel	positive	tacón
heel	sadness	de tacón
heel	surprise	de tacón
heel	trust	de tacón
mountainous	anger	montañoso
mountainous	anticipation	montañoso
mountainous	disgust	montañoso
mountainous	fear	montañoso
mountainous	joy	montañoso
mountainous	negative	montañoso
mountainous	positive	montañoso
mountainous	sadness	regla
mountainous	surprise	de regla
mountainous	trust	montañosa
rule	anger	montañosa
rule	anticipation	montañosa
rule	disgust	regla
rule	fear	de regla
rule	joy	de regla
rule	negative	de regla
rule	positive	regla
rule	sadness	de regla
rule	surprise	de regla
rule	trust	de regla
abandonment	anger	abandono
abandonment	anticipation	de abandono
abandonment	disgust	de abandono
abandonment	fear	de abandono
abandonment	joy	abandono
abandonment	negative	de abandono
abandonment	positive	de abandono
abandonment	sadness	de abandono
abandonment	surprise	abandono
abandonment	trust	de abandono
nurture	anger	nurture
nurture	anticipation	nurture
nurture	disgust	nurture
nurture	fear	nurture
nurture	joy	nurture
nurture	negative	nurture
nurture	positive	nurture
nurture	sadness	nurture
nurture	surprise	nurture
nurture	trust	nurture
alienated	anger	alienó
alienated	anticipation	alienado
alienated	disgust	alienó
alienated	fear	alienado
alienated	joy	alienó
alienated	negative	alienado
alienated	positive	alienó
alienated	sadness	alienado
alienated	surprise	alienó
alienated	trust	alienado
lethal	anger	letal
lethal	anticipation	letal
lethal	disgust	letal
lethal	fear	letal
lethal	joy	letal
lethal	negative	letal
lethal	positive	letal
lethal	sadness	cubierta
lethal	surprise	de cubierta
lethal	trust	letal
cover	anger	letal
cover	anticipation	letal
cover	disgust	cubierta
cover	fear	de cubierta
cover	joy	de cubierta
cover	negative	de cubierta
cover	positive	cubierta
cover	sadness	de cubierta
cover	surprise	de cubierta
cover	trust	de cubierta
beautification	anger	beautification
beautification	anticipation	beautification
beautification	disgust	beautification
beautification	fear	beautification
beautification	joy	beautification
beautification	negative	beautification
beautification	positive	beautification
beautification	sadness	beautification
beautification	surprise	beautification
beautification	trust	beautification
maternal	anger	maternal
maternal	anticipation	maternal
maternal	disgust	maternal
maternal	fear	maternal
maternal	joy	maternal
maternal	negative	maternal
maternal	positive	maternal
maternal	sadness	maternal
maternal	surprise	maternal
maternal	trust	maternal
distressing	anger	afligiendo
distressing	anticipation	afligiendo
distressing	disgust	afligiendo
distressing	fear	afligiendo
distressing	joy	afligiendo
distressing	negative	afligiendo
distressing	positive	afligiendo
distressing	sadness	afligiendo
distressing	surprise	afligiendo
distressing	trust	afligiendo
dak	anger	dak
dak	anticipation	dak
dak	disgust	dak
dak	fear	dak
dak	joy	dak
dak	negative	dak
dak	positive	dak
dak	sadness	dak
dak	surprise	dak
dak	trust	dak
command	anger	orden
command	anticipation	de orden
command	disgust	de orden
command	fear	de orden
command	joy	orden
command	negative	de orden
command	positive	de orden
command	sadness	de orden
command	surprise	piel
command	trust	de piel
skin	anger	de orden
skin	anticipation	de orden
skin	disgust	piel
skin	fear	de piel
skin	joy	de piel
skin	negative	de piel
skin	positive	piel
skin	sadness	de piel
skin	surprise	de piel
skin	trust	de piel
covering	anger	cobertura
covering	anticipation	de cobertura
covering	disgust	de cobertura
covering	fear	de cobertura
covering	joy	cobertura
covering	negative	de cobertura
covering	positive	de cobertura
covering	sadness	de cobertura
covering	surprise	la cobertura que
covering	trust	cubre
ornate	anger	ornate
ornate	anticipation	ornate
ornate	disgust	ornate
ornate	fear	ornate
ornate	joy	ornate
ornate	negative	ornate
ornate	positive	ornate
ornate	sadness	ornate
ornate	surprise	ornate
ornate	trust	ornate
firm	anger	firme
firm	anticipation	firme
firm	disgust	firme
firm	fear	firme
firm	joy	firme
firm	negative	firme
firm	positive	firme
firm	sadness	firme
firm	surprise	firme
firm	trust	firme
compound	anger	compuesto
compound	anticipation	compuesto
compound	disgust	compuesto
compound	fear	compuesto
compound	joy	compuesto
compound	negative	compuesto
compound	positive	compuesto
compound	sadness	zoológico
compound	surprise	de zoológico
compound	trust	compuesto
zoo	anger	compuesto
zoo	anticipation	compuesto
zoo	disgust	zoológico
zoo	fear	de zoológico
zoo	joy	de zoológico
zoo	negative	de zoológico
zoo	positive	zoológico
zoo	sadness	de zoológico
zoo	surprise	de zoológico
zoo	trust	de zoológico
interdiction	anger	interdicción
interdiction	anticipation	de interdicción
interdiction	disgust	de interdicción
interdiction	fear	de interdicción
interdiction	joy	interdicción
interdiction	negative	de interdicción
interdiction	positive	de interdicción
interdiction	sadness	de interdicción
interdiction	surprise	interdicción
interdiction	trust	de interdicción
tribulation	anger	tribulation
tribulation	anticipation	tribulation
tribulation	disgust	tribulation
tribulation	fear	tribulation
tribulation	joy	tribulation
tribulation	negative	tribulation
tribulation	positive	tribulation
tribulation	sadness	tribulation
tribulation	surprise	tribulation
tribulation	trust	tribulation
watchdog	anger	vigilante
watchdog	anticipation	de vigilante
watchdog	disgust	de vigilante
watchdog	fear	de vigilante
watchdog	joy	vigilante
watchdog	negative	de vigilante
watchdog	positive	de vigilante
watchdog	sadness	de vigilante
watchdog	surprise	vigilante
watchdog	trust	de vigilante
remarkably	anger	extraordinariamente
remarkably	anticipation	extraordinariamente
remarkably	disgust	extraordinariamente
remarkably	fear	extraordinariamente
remarkably	joy	extraordinariamente
remarkably	negative	extraordinariamente
remarkably	positive	extraordinariamente
remarkably	sadness	extraordinariamente
remarkably	surprise	extraordinariamente
remarkably	trust	extraordinariamente
average	anger	mediano
average	anticipation	mediano
average	disgust	mediano
average	fear	mediano
average	joy	mediano
average	negative	mediano
average	positive	mediano
average	sadness	mediano
average	surprise	mediano
average	trust	mediano
nonsensical	anger	nonsensical
nonsensical	anticipation	
nonsensical	disgust	nonsensical
nonsensical	fear	nonsensical
nonsensical	joy	nonsensical
nonsensical	negative	nonsensical
nonsensical	positive	nonsensical
nonsensical	sadness	nonsensical
nonsensical	surprise	nonsensical
nonsensical	trust	nonsensical
inspire	anger	nonsensical
inspire	anticipation	inspirar inspirar
inspire	disgust	inspirar
inspire	fear	inspirar
inspire	joy	inspirar
inspire	negative	inspirar
inspire	positive	inspirar
inspire	sadness	inspirar
inspire	surprise	inspirar
inspire	trust	inspirar
dialogue	anger	diálogo
dialogue	anticipation	de diálogo
dialogue	disgust	de diálogo
dialogue	fear	de diálogo
dialogue	joy	diálogo
dialogue	negative	de diálogo
dialogue	positive	de diálogo
dialogue	sadness	de diálogo
dialogue	surprise	diálogo
dialogue	trust	de diálogo
grim	anger	siniestro
grim	anticipation	siniestro
grim	disgust	siniestro
grim	fear	siniestro
grim	joy	siniestro
grim	negative	siniestro
grim	positive	siniestro
grim	sadness	siniestro
grim	surprise	siniestro
grim	trust	siniestro
helical	anger	helical
helical	anticipation	helical
helical	disgust	helical
helical	fear	helical
helical	joy	helical
helical	negative	helical
helical	positive	helical
helical	sadness	helical
helical	surprise	helical
helical	trust	helical
preoccupation	anger	preoccupation
preoccupation	anticipation	preoccupation
preoccupation	disgust	preoccupation
preoccupation	fear	preoccupation
preoccupation	joy	preoccupation
preoccupation	negative	preoccupation
preoccupation	positive	preoccupation
preoccupation	sadness	preoccupation
preoccupation	surprise	preoccupation
preoccupation	trust	preoccupation
network	anger	red
network	anticipation	de red
network	disgust	de red
network	fear	de red
network	joy	red
network	negative	de red
network	positive	de red
network	sadness	de red
network	surprise	vinagreta
network	trust	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	anger	de red
vinaigrette	anticipation	de red
vinaigrette	disgust	vinagreta
vinaigrette	fear	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	joy	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	negative	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	positive	vinagreta
vinaigrette	sadness	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	surprise	de vinagreta
vinaigrette	trust	de vinagreta
dissident	anger	disidente
dissident	anticipation	disidente
dissident	disgust	disidente
dissident	fear	disidente
dissident	joy	disidente
dissident	negative	disidente
dissident	positive	disidente
dissident	sadness	disidente
dissident	surprise	disidente
dissident	trust	disidente
gracious	anger	gentil
gracious	anticipation	gentil
gracious	disgust	gentil
gracious	fear	gentil
gracious	joy	gentil
gracious	negative	gentil
gracious	positive	gentil
gracious	sadness	gentil
gracious	surprise	gentil
gracious	trust	gentil
multilateral	anger	multilateral
multilateral	anticipation	multilateral
multilateral	disgust	multilateral
multilateral	fear	multilateral
multilateral	joy	multilateral
multilateral	negative	multilateral
multilateral	positive	multilateral
multilateral	sadness	multilateral
multilateral	surprise	multilateral
multilateral	trust	multilateral
electorate	anger	electorado
electorate	anticipation	de electorado
electorate	disgust	de electorado
electorate	fear	de electorado
electorate	joy	electorado
electorate	negative	de electorado
electorate	positive	de electorado
electorate	sadness	de electorado
electorate	surprise	carcinoma
electorate	trust	de carcinoma
carcinoma	anger	de electorado
carcinoma	anticipation	de electorado
carcinoma	disgust	carcinoma
carcinoma	fear	de carcinoma
carcinoma	joy	de carcinoma
carcinoma	negative	de carcinoma
carcinoma	positive	carcinoma
carcinoma	sadness	de carcinoma
carcinoma	surprise	de carcinoma
carcinoma	trust	de carcinoma
apache	anger	apache
apache	anticipation	apache
apache	disgust	apache
apache	fear	apache
apache	joy	apache
apache	negative	apache
apache	positive	apache
apache	sadness	apache
apache	surprise	apache
apache	trust	apache
lyrical	anger	lyrical
lyrical	anticipation	lyrical
lyrical	disgust	lyrical
lyrical	fear	lyrical
lyrical	joy	lyrical
lyrical	negative	lyrical
lyrical	positive	lyrical
lyrical	sadness	lyrical
lyrical	surprise	lyrical
lyrical	trust	lyrical
converge	anger	converger
converge	anticipation	converger
converge	disgust	converger
converge	fear	converger
converge	joy	converger
converge	negative	converger
converge	positive	converger
converge	sadness	converger
converge	surprise	converger
converge	trust	converger
apparel	anger	apparel
apparel	anticipation	apparel
apparel	disgust	apparel
apparel	fear	apparel
apparel	joy	apparel
apparel	negative	apparel
apparel	positive	apparel
apparel	sadness	apparel
apparel	surprise	apparel
apparel	trust	apparel
cutlery	anger	cutlery
cutlery	anticipation	cutlery
cutlery	disgust	cutlery
cutlery	fear	cutlery
cutlery	joy	cutlery
cutlery	negative	cutlery
cutlery	positive	cutlery
cutlery	sadness	cutlery
cutlery	surprise	cutlery
cutlery	trust	cutlery
infection	anger	infección
infection	anticipation	de infección
infection	disgust	de infección
infection	fear	de infección
infection	joy	infección
infection	negative	de infección
infection	positive	de infección
infection	sadness	de infección
infection	surprise	infección
infection	trust	de infección
contemporaneous	anger	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	anticipation	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	disgust	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	fear	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	joy	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	negative	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	positive	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	sadness	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	surprise	contemporaneous
contemporaneous	trust	contemporaneous
moon	anger	luna
moon	anticipation	de luna
moon	disgust	de luna
moon	fear	de luna
moon	joy	luna
moon	negative	de luna
moon	positive	de luna
moon	sadness	de luna
moon	surprise	luna
moon	trust	de luna
melodious	anger	melodiosa
melodious	anticipation	melodioso
melodious	disgust	melodioso
melodious	fear	melodioso
melodious	joy	melodioso
melodious	negative	melodioso
melodious	positive	melodioso
melodious	sadness	melodioso
melodious	surprise	melodioso
melodious	trust	melodioso
odds	anger	odds
odds	anticipation	odds
odds	disgust	odds
odds	fear	odds
odds	joy	odds
odds	negative	odds
odds	positive	odds
odds	sadness	odds
odds	surprise	odds
odds	trust	odds
innings	anger	innings
innings	anticipation	innings
innings	disgust	innings
innings	fear	innings
innings	joy	innings
innings	negative	innings
innings	positive	innings
innings	sadness	innings
innings	surprise	innings
innings	trust	innings
unfairness	anger	unfairness
unfairness	anticipation	unfairness
unfairness	disgust	unfairness
unfairness	fear	unfairness
unfairness	joy	unfairness
unfairness	negative	unfairness
unfairness	positive	unfairness
unfairness	sadness	unfairness
unfairness	surprise	unfairness
unfairness	trust	unfairness
status	anger	estado
status	anticipation	de estado
status	disgust	de estado
status	fear	de estado
status	joy	estado
status	negative	de estado
status	positive	de estado
status	sadness	de estado
status	surprise	anulación
status	trust	de anulación
cancellation	anger	de estado
cancellation	anticipation	de estado
cancellation	disgust	anulación
cancellation	fear	de anulación
cancellation	joy	de anulación
cancellation	negative	de anulación
cancellation	positive	anulación
cancellation	sadness	de anulación
cancellation	surprise	de anulación
cancellation	trust	de anulación
protozoa	anger	protozoa
protozoa	anticipation	protozoa
protozoa	disgust	protozoa
protozoa	fear	protozoa
protozoa	joy	protozoa
protozoa	negative	protozoa
protozoa	positive	protozoa
protozoa	sadness	protozoa
protozoa	surprise	protozoa
protozoa	trust	protozoa
litigation	anger	litigation
litigation	anticipation	litigation
litigation	disgust	litigation
litigation	fear	litigation
litigation	joy	litigation
litigation	negative	litigation
litigation	positive	litigation
litigation	sadness	litigation
litigation	surprise	litigation
litigation	trust	litigation
refrain	anger	refrenar
refrain	anticipation	refrenar
refrain	disgust	refrenar
refrain	fear	refrenar
refrain	joy	refrenar
refrain	negative	refrenar
refrain	positive	refrenar
refrain	sadness	refrenar
refrain	surprise	refrenar
refrain	trust	refrenar
musket	anger	musket
musket	anticipation	musket
musket	disgust	musket
musket	fear	musket
musket	joy	musket
musket	negative	musket
musket	positive	musket
musket	sadness	musket
musket	surprise	musket
musket	trust	musket
problem	anger	problema
problem	anticipation	de problema
problem	disgust	de problema
problem	fear	de problema
problem	joy	problema
problem	negative	de problema
problem	positive	de problema
problem	sadness	de problema
problem	surprise	pericia
problem	trust	de pericia
expertise	anger	de problema
expertise	anticipation	de problema
expertise	disgust	pericia
expertise	fear	de pericia
expertise	joy	de pericia
expertise	negative	de pericia
expertise	positive	pericia
expertise	sadness	de pericia
expertise	surprise	de pericia
expertise	trust	de pericia
immaterial	anger	inmaterial
immaterial	anticipation	inmaterial
immaterial	disgust	inmaterial
immaterial	fear	inmaterial
immaterial	joy	inmaterial
immaterial	negative	inmaterial
immaterial	positive	inmaterial
immaterial	sadness	inmaterial
immaterial	surprise	inmaterial
immaterial	trust	inmaterial
camber	anger	camber
camber	anticipation	camber
camber	disgust	camber
camber	fear	camber
camber	joy	camber
camber	negative	camber
camber	positive	camber
camber	sadness	camber
camber	surprise	camber
camber	trust	camber
rite	anger	rito
rite	anticipation	de rito
rite	disgust	de rito
rite	fear	de rito
rite	joy	rito
rite	negative	de rito
rite	positive	de rito
rite	sadness	de rito
rite	surprise	rito
rite	trust	de rito
disparage	anger	disparage
disparage	anticipation	disparage
disparage	disgust	disparage
disparage	fear	disparage
disparage	joy	disparage
disparage	negative	disparage
disparage	positive	disparage
disparage	sadness	disparage
disparage	surprise	disparage
disparage	trust	disparage
warrant	anger	warrant
warrant	anticipation	warrant
warrant	disgust	warrant
warrant	fear	warrant
warrant	joy	warrant
warrant	negative	warrant
warrant	positive	warrant
warrant	sadness	warrant
warrant	surprise	warrant
warrant	trust	warrant
warren	anger	warren
warren	anticipation	warren
warren	disgust	warren
warren	fear	warren
warren	joy	warren
warren	negative	warren
warren	positive	warren
warren	sadness	warren
warren	surprise	warren
warren	trust	warren
tassel	anger	borla
tassel	anticipation	de borla
tassel	disgust	de borla
tassel	fear	de borla
tassel	joy	borla
tassel	negative	de borla
tassel	positive	de borla
tassel	sadness	de borla
tassel	surprise	borla
tassel	trust	de borla
assemblage	anger	assemblage
assemblage	anticipation	assemblage
assemblage	disgust	assemblage
assemblage	fear	assemblage
assemblage	joy	assemblage
assemblage	negative	assemblage
assemblage	positive	assemblage
assemblage	sadness	assemblage
assemblage	surprise	assemblage
assemblage	trust	assemblage
avoid	anger	evitar
avoid	anticipation	evitar
avoid	disgust	evitar
avoid	fear	evitar
avoid	joy	evitar
avoid	negative	evitar
avoid	positive	evitar
avoid	sadness	evitar
avoid	surprise	evitar
avoid	trust	evitar
waltz	anger	waltz
waltz	anticipation	waltz
waltz	disgust	waltz
waltz	fear	waltz
waltz	joy	waltz
waltz	negative	waltz
waltz	positive	waltz
waltz	sadness	waltz
waltz	surprise	waltz
waltz	trust	waltz
clever	anger	listo
clever	anticipation	listo
clever	disgust	listo
clever	fear	listo
clever	joy	listo
clever	negative	listo
clever	positive	listo
clever	sadness	listo
clever	surprise	listo
clever	trust	listo
unexpected	anger	inesperado
unexpected	anticipation	inesperado
unexpected	disgust	inesperado
unexpected	fear	inesperado
unexpected	joy	inesperado
unexpected	negative	inesperado
unexpected	positive	inesperado
unexpected	sadness	inesperado
unexpected	surprise	inesperado
unexpected	trust	inesperado
illustrious	anger	illustrious
illustrious	anticipation	illustrious
illustrious	disgust	illustrious
illustrious	fear	illustrious
illustrious	joy	illustrious
illustrious	negative	illustrious
illustrious	positive	illustrious
illustrious	sadness	illustrious
illustrious	surprise	illustrious
illustrious	trust	illustrious
rigor	anger	rigor
rigor	anticipation	de rigor
rigor	disgust	de rigor
rigor	fear	de rigor
rigor	joy	rigor
rigor	negative	de rigor
rigor	positive	de rigor
rigor	sadness	de rigor
rigor	surprise	rigor
rigor	trust	de rigor
forte	anger	forte
forte	anticipation	forte
forte	disgust	forte
forte	fear	forte
forte	joy	forte
forte	negative	forte
forte	positive	forte
forte	sadness	forte
forte	surprise	forte
forte	trust	forte
walker	anger	walker
walker	anticipation	walker
walker	disgust	walker
walker	fear	walker
walker	joy	walker
walker	negative	walker
walker	positive	walker
walker	sadness	walker
walker	surprise	walker
walker	trust	walker
fox	anger	zorro
fox	anticipation	de zorro
fox	disgust	de zorro
fox	fear	de zorro
fox	joy	zorro
fox	negative	de zorro
fox	positive	de zorro
fox	sadness	de zorro
fox	surprise	zorro
fox	trust	de zorro
partisanship	anger	partisanship
partisanship	anticipation	partisanship
partisanship	disgust	partisanship
partisanship	fear	partisanship
partisanship	joy	partisanship
partisanship	negative	partisanship
partisanship	positive	partisanship
partisanship	sadness	partisanship
partisanship	surprise	partisanship
partisanship	trust	partisanship
dry	anger	seco
dry	anticipation	seco
dry	disgust	seco
dry	fear	seco
dry	joy	seco
dry	negative	seco
dry	positive	seco
dry	sadness	seco
dry	surprise	seco
dry	trust	seco
attainable	anger	realizable
attainable	anticipation	realizable
attainable	disgust	realizable
attainable	fear	realizable
attainable	joy	realizable
attainable	negative	realizable
attainable	positive	realizable
attainable	sadness	bacteria
attainable	surprise	de bacteria
attainable	trust	realizable
bacterium	anger	realizable
bacterium	anticipation	realizable
bacterium	disgust	bacteria
bacterium	fear	de bacteria
bacterium	joy	de bacteria
bacterium	negative	de bacteria
bacterium	positive	bacteria
bacterium	sadness	de bacteria
bacterium	surprise	de bacteria
bacterium	trust	de bacteria
caddy	anger	caddy
caddy	anticipation	caddy
caddy	disgust	caddy
caddy	fear	caddy
caddy	joy	caddy
caddy	negative	caddy
caddy	positive	caddy
caddy	sadness	caddy
caddy	surprise	caddy
caddy	trust	caddy
rehabilitate	anger	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	anticipation	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	disgust	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	fear	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	joy	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	negative	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	positive	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	sadness	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	surprise	rehabilitar
rehabilitate	trust	rehabilitar
condolence	anger	pésame
condolence	anticipation	de pésame
condolence	disgust	de pésame
condolence	fear	de pésame
condolence	joy	pésame
condolence	negative	de pésame
condolence	positive	de pésame
condolence	sadness	de pésame
condolence	surprise	agrupación
condolence	trust	de agrupación
grouping	anger	de pésame
grouping	anticipation	de pésame
grouping	disgust	agrupación
grouping	fear	de agrupación
grouping	joy	de agrupación
grouping	negative	de agrupación
grouping	positive	agrupación
grouping	sadness	de agrupación
grouping	surprise	de la agrupación que
grouping	trust	agrupa
missionary	anger	misionero
missionary	anticipation	misionero
missionary	disgust	misionero
missionary	fear	misionero
missionary	joy	misionero
missionary	negative	misionero
missionary	positive	misionero
missionary	sadness	ruinas
missionary	surprise	misioneras
missionary	trust	misioneras
ruins	anger	misioneras
ruins	anticipation	arruina
ruins	disgust	las ruinas
ruins	fear	arruina
ruins	joy	las ruinas
ruins	negative	arruina
ruins	positive	las ruinas
ruins	sadness	arruina
ruins	surprise	las ruinas
ruins	trust	arruina
strip	anger	cinta
strip	anticipation	de cinta
strip	disgust	de cinta
strip	fear	de cinta
strip	joy	cinta
strip	negative	de cinta
strip	positive	de cinta
strip	sadness	de cinta
strip	surprise	cinta
strip	trust	de cinta
rung	anger	rung
rung	anticipation	rung
rung	disgust	rung
rung	fear	rung
rung	joy	rung
rung	negative	rung
rung	positive	rung
rung	sadness	rung
rung	surprise	rung
rung	trust	rung
smashed	anger	rompió
smashed	anticipation	roto
smashed	disgust	rompió
smashed	fear	roto
smashed	joy	rompió
smashed	negative	roto
smashed	positive	rompió
smashed	sadness	roto
smashed	surprise	rompió
smashed	trust	vapor
vapor	anger	de vapor
vapor	anticipation	de vapor
vapor	disgust	roto
vapor	fear	vapor
vapor	joy	de vapor
vapor	negative	de vapor
vapor	positive	de vapor
vapor	sadness	vapor
vapor	surprise	de vapor
vapor	trust	del vapor
linger	anger	persiste
linger	anticipation	persistir
linger	disgust	persistir
linger	fear	persistir
linger	joy	persistir
linger	negative	persistir
linger	positive	persistir
linger	sadness	persistir
linger	surprise	persistir
linger	trust	persistir
prognostic	anger	prognostic
prognostic	anticipation	prognostic
prognostic	disgust	prognostic
prognostic	fear	prognostic
prognostic	joy	prognostic
prognostic	negative	prognostic
prognostic	positive	prognostic
prognostic	sadness	prognostic
prognostic	surprise	prognostic
prognostic	trust	prognostic
anew	anger	de nuevo
anew	anticipation	de nuevo
anew	disgust	de nuevo
anew	fear	de nuevo
anew	joy	de nuevo
anew	negative	de nuevo
anew	positive	de nuevo
anew	sadness	de nuevo
anew	surprise	de nuevo
anew	trust	de nuevo
moral	anger	moral
moral	anticipation	moral
moral	disgust	moral
moral	fear	moral
moral	joy	moral
moral	negative	moral
moral	positive	moraleja
moral	sadness	moral
moral	surprise	moral
moral	trust	moral
reproduce	anger	reproduce
reproduce	anticipation	reproducir
reproduce	disgust	reproducir
reproduce	fear	reproducir
reproduce	joy	reproducir
reproduce	negative	reproducir
reproduce	positive	reproducir
reproduce	sadness	reproducir
reproduce	surprise	reproducir
reproduce	trust	reproducir
miniature	anger	miniatura
miniature	anticipation	de miniatura
miniature	disgust	de miniatura
miniature	fear	de miniatura
miniature	joy	miniatura
miniature	negative	de miniatura
miniature	positive	de miniatura
miniature	sadness	de miniatura
miniature	surprise	miniatura
miniature	trust	de miniatura
epitome	anger	epitome
epitome	anticipation	epitome
epitome	disgust	epitome
epitome	fear	epitome
epitome	joy	epitome
epitome	negative	epitome
epitome	positive	epitome
epitome	sadness	epitome
epitome	surprise	epitome
epitome	trust	epitome
feudal	anger	feudal
feudal	anticipation	feudal
feudal	disgust	feudal
feudal	fear	feudal
feudal	joy	feudal
feudal	negative	feudal
feudal	positive	feudal
feudal	sadness	feudal
feudal	surprise	feudal
feudal	trust	feudal
shipment	anger	shipment
shipment	anticipation	shipment
shipment	disgust	shipment
shipment	fear	shipment
shipment	joy	shipment
shipment	negative	shipment
shipment	positive	shipment
shipment	sadness	shipment
shipment	surprise	shipment
shipment	trust	shipment
necklace	anger	collar
necklace	anticipation	de collar
necklace	disgust	de collar
necklace	fear	de collar
necklace	joy	collar
necklace	negative	de collar
necklace	positive	de collar
necklace	sadness	de collar
necklace	surprise	mango
necklace	trust	de mango
handle	anger	de collar
handle	anticipation	de collar
handle	disgust	mango
handle	fear	de mango
handle	joy	de mango
handle	negative	de mango
handle	positive	mango
handle	sadness	de mango
handle	surprise	de mango
handle	trust	de mango
forerunner	anger	forerunner
forerunner	anticipation	forerunner
forerunner	disgust	forerunner
forerunner	fear	forerunner
forerunner	joy	forerunner
forerunner	negative	forerunner
forerunner	positive	forerunner
forerunner	sadness	forerunner
forerunner	surprise	forerunner
forerunner	trust	forerunner
partition	anger	partición
partition	anticipation	de partición
partition	disgust	de partición
partition	fear	de partición
partition	joy	partición
partition	negative	de partición
partition	positive	de partición
partition	sadness	de partición
partition	surprise	equipamiento
partition	trust	de equipamiento
equipment	anger	de partición
equipment	anticipation	de partición
equipment	disgust	equipamiento
equipment	fear	de equipamiento
equipment	joy	de equipamiento
equipment	negative	de equipamiento
equipment	positive	equipamiento
equipment	sadness	de equipamiento
equipment	surprise	de equipamiento
equipment	trust	de equipamiento
microgram	anger	microgram
microgram	anticipation	microgram
microgram	disgust	microgram
microgram	fear	microgram
microgram	joy	microgram
microgram	negative	microgram
microgram	positive	microgram
microgram	sadness	microgram
microgram	surprise	microgram
microgram	trust	microgram
depreciate	anger	depreciar
depreciate	anticipation	depreciar
depreciate	disgust	depreciar
depreciate	fear	depreciar
depreciate	joy	depreciar
depreciate	negative	depreciar
depreciate	positive	depreciar
depreciate	sadness	depreciar
depreciate	surprise	depreciar
depreciate	trust	depreciar
alike	anger	igualmente
alike	anticipation	igualmente
alike	disgust	igualmente
alike	fear	igualmente
alike	joy	igualmente
alike	negative	igualmente
alike	positive	igualmente
alike	sadness	igualmente
alike	surprise	igualmente
alike	trust	narcótico
narcotic	anger	de narcótico
narcotic	anticipation	de narcótico
narcotic	disgust	parecido
narcotic	fear	narcótico
narcotic	joy	de narcótico
narcotic	negative	de narcótico
narcotic	positive	de narcótico
narcotic	sadness	narcótico
narcotic	surprise	de narcótico
narcotic	trust	del narcótico
carol	anger	carol
carol	anticipation	carol
carol	disgust	carol
carol	fear	carol
carol	joy	carol
carol	negative	carol
carol	positive	carol
carol	sadness	carol
carol	surprise	carol
carol	trust	carol
doubtful	anger	dudoso
doubtful	anticipation	dudoso
doubtful	disgust	dudoso
doubtful	fear	dudoso
doubtful	joy	dudoso
doubtful	negative	dudoso
doubtful	positive	dudoso
doubtful	sadness	dudoso
doubtful	surprise	dudoso
doubtful	trust	dudoso
dreadful	anger	terrible
dreadful	anticipation	terrible
dreadful	disgust	terrible
dreadful	fear	terrible
dreadful	joy	terrible
dreadful	negative	terrible
dreadful	positive	terrible
dreadful	sadness	desdén
dreadful	surprise	de desdén
dreadful	trust	terrible
disdain	anger	terrible
disdain	anticipation	terrible
disdain	disgust	desdén
disdain	fear	de desdén
disdain	joy	de desdén
disdain	negative	de desdén
disdain	positive	desdén
disdain	sadness	de desdén
disdain	surprise	de desdén
disdain	trust	de desdén
cyanide	anger	cianuro
cyanide	anticipation	de cianuro
cyanide	disgust	de cianuro
cyanide	fear	de cianuro
cyanide	joy	cianuro
cyanide	negative	de cianuro
cyanide	positive	de cianuro
cyanide	sadness	de cianuro
cyanide	surprise	cianuro
cyanide	trust	de cianuro
wonderfully	anger	maravillosamente
wonderfully	anticipation	maravillosamente
wonderfully	disgust	maravillosamente
wonderfully	fear	maravillosamente
wonderfully	joy	maravillosamente
wonderfully	negative	maravillosamente
wonderfully	positive	maravillosamente
wonderfully	sadness	maravillosamente
wonderfully	surprise	maravillosamente
wonderfully	trust	maravillosamente
oversight	anger	descuido
oversight	anticipation	de descuido
oversight	disgust	de descuido
oversight	fear	de descuido
oversight	joy	descuido
oversight	negative	de descuido
oversight	positive	de descuido
oversight	sadness	de descuido
oversight	surprise	descuido
oversight	trust	de descuido
serviceable	anger	servible
serviceable	anticipation	servible
serviceable	disgust	servible
serviceable	fear	servible
serviceable	joy	servible
serviceable	negative	servible
serviceable	positive	servible
serviceable	sadness	coincidencia
serviceable	surprise	de coincidencia
serviceable	trust	servible
coincidence	anger	servible
coincidence	anticipation	servible
coincidence	disgust	coincidencia
coincidence	fear	de coincidencia
coincidence	joy	de coincidencia
coincidence	negative	de coincidencia
coincidence	positive	coincidencia
coincidence	sadness	de coincidencia
coincidence	surprise	de coincidencia
coincidence	trust	de coincidencia
ancillary	anger	subsidiaria
ancillary	anticipation	subsidiario
ancillary	disgust	subsidiario
ancillary	fear	subsidiario
ancillary	joy	subsidiario
ancillary	negative	subsidiario
ancillary	positive	subsidiario
ancillary	sadness	subsidiario
ancillary	surprise	subsidiario
ancillary	trust	subsidiario
ambient	anger	ambiental
ambient	anticipation	ambiental
ambient	disgust	ambiental
ambient	fear	ambiental
ambient	joy	ambiental
ambient	negative	ambiental
ambient	positive	ambiental
ambient	sadness	ambiental
ambient	surprise	ambiental
ambient	trust	ambiental
livid	anger	livid
livid	anticipation	livid
livid	disgust	livid
livid	fear	livid
livid	joy	livid
livid	negative	livid
livid	positive	livid
livid	sadness	livid
livid	surprise	livid
livid	trust	livid
prismatic	anger	prismático
prismatic	anticipation	prismático
prismatic	disgust	prismático
prismatic	fear	prismático
prismatic	joy	prismático
prismatic	negative	prismático
prismatic	positive	prismático
prismatic	sadness	demanda
prismatic	surprise	de demanda
prismatic	trust	prismática
demand	anger	prismática
demand	anticipation	prismática
demand	disgust	demanda
demand	fear	de demanda
demand	joy	de demanda
demand	negative	de demanda
demand	positive	demanda
demand	sadness	de demanda
demand	surprise	de demanda
demand	trust	de demanda
vocabulary	anger	vocabulario
vocabulary	anticipation	de vocabulario
vocabulary	disgust	de vocabulario
vocabulary	fear	de vocabulario
vocabulary	joy	vocabulario
vocabulary	negative	de vocabulario
vocabulary	positive	de vocabulario
vocabulary	sadness	de vocabulario
vocabulary	surprise	austeridad
vocabulary	trust	de austeridad
austerity	anger	de vocabulario
austerity	anticipation	de vocabulario
austerity	disgust	austeridad
austerity	fear	de austeridad
austerity	joy	de austeridad
austerity	negative	de austeridad
austerity	positive	austeridad
austerity	sadness	de austeridad
austerity	surprise	de austeridad
austerity	trust	de austeridad
imbedded	anger	imbedded
imbedded	anticipation	imbedded
imbedded	disgust	imbedded
imbedded	fear	imbedded
imbedded	joy	imbedded
imbedded	negative	imbedded
imbedded	positive	imbedded
imbedded	sadness	imbedded
imbedded	surprise	imbedded
imbedded	trust	imbedded
journal	anger	revista
journal	anticipation	de revista
journal	disgust	de revista
journal	fear	de revista
journal	joy	revista
journal	negative	de revista
journal	positive	de revista
journal	sadness	de revista
journal	surprise	proporción
journal	trust	de proporción
ratio	anger	de revista
ratio	anticipation	de revista
ratio	disgust	proporción
ratio	fear	de proporción
ratio	joy	de proporción
ratio	negative	de proporción
ratio	positive	proporción
ratio	sadness	de proporción
ratio	surprise	de proporción
ratio	trust	de proporción
clique	anger	clique
clique	anticipation	clique
clique	disgust	clique
clique	fear	clique
clique	joy	clique
clique	negative	clique
clique	positive	clique
clique	sadness	clique
clique	surprise	clique
clique	trust	clique
till	anger	caja
till	anticipation	de caja
till	disgust	de caja
till	fear	de caja
till	joy	caja
till	negative	de caja
till	positive	de caja
till	sadness	de caja
till	surprise	caja
till	trust	de caja
reassured	anger	tranquilizó
reassured	anticipation	tranquilizada
reassured	disgust	tranquilizó
reassured	fear	tranquilizado
reassured	joy	tranquilizó
reassured	negative	tranquilizado
reassured	positive	tranquilizó
reassured	sadness	tranquilizado
reassured	surprise	tranquilizó
reassured	trust	tranquilizado
payer	anger	payer
payer	anticipation	payer
payer	disgust	payer
payer	fear	payer
payer	joy	payer
payer	negative	payer
payer	positive	payer
payer	sadness	payer
payer	surprise	payer
payer	trust	payer
appetite	anger	apetito
appetite	anticipation	de apetito
appetite	disgust	de apetito
appetite	fear	de apetito
appetite	joy	apetito
appetite	negative	de apetito
appetite	positive	de apetito
appetite	sadness	de apetito
appetite	surprise	apetito
appetite	trust	de apetito
reputable	anger	reputable
reputable	anticipation	reputable
reputable	disgust	reputable
reputable	fear	reputable
reputable	joy	reputable
reputable	negative	reputable
reputable	positive	reputable
reputable	sadness	reputable
reputable	surprise	reputable
reputable	trust	reputable
brood	anger	brood
brood	anticipation	brood
brood	disgust	brood
brood	fear	brood
brood	joy	brood
brood	negative	brood
brood	positive	brood
brood	sadness	brood
brood	surprise	brood
brood	trust	brood
truthfulness	anger	truthfulness
truthfulness	anticipation	truthfulness
truthfulness	disgust	truthfulness
truthfulness	fear	truthfulness
truthfulness	joy	truthfulness
truthfulness	negative	truthfulness
truthfulness	positive	truthfulness
truthfulness	sadness	truthfulness
truthfulness	surprise	truthfulness
truthfulness	trust	truthfulness
resentful	anger	resentido
resentful	anticipation	resentido
resentful	disgust	resentido
resentful	fear	resentido
resentful	joy	resentido
resentful	negative	resentido
resentful	positive	resentido
resentful	sadness	resentido
resentful	surprise	resentido
resentful	trust	resentido
blunt	anger	romo
blunt	anticipation	romo
blunt	disgust	romo
blunt	fear	romo
blunt	joy	romo
blunt	negative	romo
blunt	positive	romo
blunt	sadness	romo
blunt	surprise	romo
blunt	trust	romo
retired	anger	se retiró
retired	anticipation	retirado
retired	disgust	se retiró
retired	fear	retirado
retired	joy	se retiró
retired	negative	retirado
retired	positive	se retiró
retired	sadness	retirado
retired	surprise	se retiró
retired	trust	retirado
disorganized	anger	disorganized
disorganized	anticipation	disorganized
disorganized	disgust	disorganized
disorganized	fear	disorganized
disorganized	joy	disorganized
disorganized	negative	disorganized
disorganized	positive	disorganized
disorganized	sadness	disorganized
disorganized	surprise	disorganized
disorganized	trust	disorganized
storage	anger	almacenamiento
storage	anticipation	de almacenamiento
storage	disgust	de almacenamiento
storage	fear	de almacenamiento
storage	joy	almacenamiento
storage	negative	de almacenamiento
storage	positive	de almacenamiento
storage	sadness	de almacenamiento
storage	surprise	almacenamiento
storage	trust	de almacenamiento
textural	anger	textural
textural	anticipation	textural
textural	disgust	textural
textural	fear	textural
textural	joy	textural
textural	negative	textural
textural	positive	textural
textural	sadness	textural
textural	surprise	textural
textural	trust	textural
pavement	anger	pavement
pavement	anticipation	pavement
pavement	disgust	pavement
pavement	fear	pavement
pavement	joy	pavement
pavement	negative	pavement
pavement	positive	pavement
pavement	sadness	pavement
pavement	surprise	pavement
pavement	trust	pavement
severance	anger	severance
severance	anticipation	severance
severance	disgust	severance
severance	fear	severance
severance	joy	severance
severance	negative	severance
severance	positive	severance
severance	sadness	severance
severance	surprise	severance
severance	trust	severance
caretaker	anger	caretaker
caretaker	anticipation	caretaker
caretaker	disgust	caretaker
caretaker	fear	caretaker
caretaker	joy	caretaker
caretaker	negative	caretaker
caretaker	positive	caretaker
caretaker	sadness	caretaker
caretaker	surprise	caretaker
caretaker	trust	caretaker
ignition	anger	ignition
ignition	anticipation	ignition
ignition	disgust	ignition
ignition	fear	ignition
ignition	joy	ignition
ignition	negative	ignition
ignition	positive	ignition
ignition	sadness	ignition
ignition	surprise	ignition
ignition	trust	ignition
maternity	anger	maternity
maternity	anticipation	maternity
maternity	disgust	maternity
maternity	fear	maternity
maternity	joy	maternity
maternity	negative	maternity
maternity	positive	maternity
maternity	sadness	maternity
maternity	surprise	maternity
maternity	trust	maternity
segment	anger	segmento
segment	anticipation	de segmento
segment	disgust	de segmento
segment	fear	de segmento
segment	joy	segmento
segment	negative	de segmento
segment	positive	de segmento
segment	sadness	de segmento
segment	surprise	segmento
segment	trust	de segmento
undirected	anger	undirected
undirected	anticipation	undirected
undirected	disgust	undirected
undirected	fear	undirected
undirected	joy	undirected
undirected	negative	undirected
undirected	positive	undirected
undirected	sadness	undirected
undirected	surprise	undirected
undirected	trust	undirected
brook	anger	riachuelo
brook	anticipation	de riachuelo
brook	disgust	de riachuelo
brook	fear	de riachuelo
brook	joy	riachuelo
brook	negative	de riachuelo
brook	positive	de riachuelo
brook	sadness	de riachuelo
brook	surprise	campo
brook	trust	de campo
pitch	anger	de riachuelo
pitch	anticipation	de riachuelo
pitch	disgust	campo
pitch	fear	de campo
pitch	joy	de campo
pitch	negative	de campo
pitch	positive	campo
pitch	sadness	de campo
pitch	surprise	de campo
pitch	trust	de campo
drift	anger	drift
drift	anticipation	de drift
drift	disgust	de drift
drift	fear	de drift
drift	joy	drift
drift	negative	de drift
drift	positive	de drift
drift	sadness	de drift
drift	surprise	drift
drift	trust	de drift
libretto	anger	libretto
libretto	anticipation	libretto
libretto	disgust	libretto
libretto	fear	libretto
libretto	joy	libretto
libretto	negative	libretto
libretto	positive	libretto
libretto	sadness	libretto
libretto	surprise	libretto
libretto	trust	libretto
exhort	anger	exhortar
exhort	anticipation	exhortar
exhort	disgust	exhortar
exhort	fear	exhortar
exhort	joy	exhortar
exhort	negative	exhortar
exhort	positive	exhortar
exhort	sadness	exhortar
exhort	surprise	exhortar
exhort	trust	exhortar
stow	anger	stow
stow	anticipation	stow
stow	disgust	stow
stow	fear	stow
stow	joy	stow
stow	negative	stow
stow	positive	stow
stow	sadness	stow
stow	surprise	stow
stow	trust	stow
algorithm	anger	algoritmo
algorithm	anticipation	de algoritmo
algorithm	disgust	de algoritmo
algorithm	fear	de algoritmo
algorithm	joy	algoritmo
algorithm	negative	de algoritmo
algorithm	positive	de algoritmo
algorithm	sadness	de algoritmo
algorithm	surprise	panel
algorithm	trust	de panel
signpost	anger	de algoritmo
signpost	anticipation	de algoritmo
signpost	disgust	panel
signpost	fear	de panel
signpost	joy	de panel
signpost	negative	de panel
signpost	positive	panel
signpost	sadness	de panel
signpost	surprise	de panel
signpost	trust	de panel
conclude	anger	concluye
conclude	anticipation	concluir
conclude	disgust	concluir
conclude	fear	concluir
conclude	joy	concluir
conclude	negative	concluir
conclude	positive	concluir
conclude	sadness	concluir
conclude	surprise	concluir
conclude	trust	concluir
porridge	anger	porridge
porridge	anticipation	porridge
porridge	disgust	porridge
porridge	fear	porridge
porridge	joy	porridge
porridge	negative	porridge
porridge	positive	porridge
porridge	sadness	porridge
porridge	surprise	porridge
porridge	trust	porridge
honorarium	anger	honorarium
honorarium	anticipation	honorarium
honorarium	disgust	honorarium
honorarium	fear	honorarium
honorarium	joy	honorarium
honorarium	negative	honorarium
honorarium	positive	honorarium
honorarium	sadness	honorarium
honorarium	surprise	honorarium
honorarium	trust	honorarium
ring	anger	anillo
ring	anticipation	de anillo
ring	disgust	de anillo
ring	fear	de anillo
ring	joy	anillo
ring	negative	de anillo
ring	positive	de anillo
ring	sadness	de anillo
ring	surprise	anillo
ring	trust	de anillo
illegitimate	anger	ilegítimo
illegitimate	anticipation	ilegítimo
illegitimate	disgust	ilegítimo
illegitimate	fear	ilegítimo
illegitimate	joy	ilegítimo
illegitimate	negative	ilegítimo
illegitimate	positive	ilegítimo
illegitimate	sadness	absorción
illegitimate	surprise	de absorción
illegitimate	trust	ilegítima
absorption	anger	ilegítima
absorption	anticipation	ilegítima
absorption	disgust	absorción
absorption	fear	de absorción
absorption	joy	de absorción
absorption	negative	de absorción
absorption	positive	absorción
absorption	sadness	de absorción
absorption	surprise	de absorción
absorption	trust	de absorción
forego	anger	forego
forego	anticipation	forego
forego	disgust	forego
forego	fear	forego
forego	joy	forego
forego	negative	forego
forego	positive	forego
forego	sadness	forego
forego	surprise	forego
forego	trust	forego
amorphous	anger	amorfo
amorphous	anticipation	amorfo
amorphous	disgust	amorfo
amorphous	fear	amorfo
amorphous	joy	amorfo
amorphous	negative	amorfo
amorphous	positive	amorfo
amorphous	sadness	exaltación
amorphous	surprise	de exaltación
amorphous	trust	amorfa
exaltation	anger	amorfa
exaltation	anticipation	amorfa
exaltation	disgust	exaltación
exaltation	fear	de exaltación
exaltation	joy	de exaltación
exaltation	negative	de exaltación
exaltation	positive	exaltación
exaltation	sadness	de exaltación
exaltation	surprise	de exaltación
exaltation	trust	de exaltación
improbable	anger	improbable
improbable	anticipation	improbable
improbable	disgust	improbable
improbable	fear	improbable
improbable	joy	improbable
improbable	negative	improbable
improbable	positive	improbable
improbable	sadness	improbable
improbable	surprise	improbable
improbable	trust	improbable
satisfaction	anger	satisfacción
satisfaction	anticipation	de satisfacción
satisfaction	disgust	de satisfacción
satisfaction	fear	de satisfacción
satisfaction	joy	satisfacción
satisfaction	negative	de satisfacción
satisfaction	positive	de satisfacción
satisfaction	sadness	de satisfacción
satisfaction	surprise	satisfacción
satisfaction	trust	de satisfacción
midst	anger	midst
midst	anticipation	midst
midst	disgust	midst
midst	fear	midst
midst	joy	midst
midst	negative	midst
midst	positive	midst
midst	sadness	midst
midst	surprise	midst
midst	trust	midst
embarrass	anger	avergonzar
embarrass	anticipation	avergonzar
embarrass	disgust	avergonzar
embarrass	fear	avergonzar
embarrass	joy	avergonzar
embarrass	negative	avergonzar
embarrass	positive	avergonzar
embarrass	sadness	avergonzar
embarrass	surprise	avergonzar
embarrass	trust	avergonzar
homestead	anger	cortijo
homestead	anticipation	de cortijo
homestead	disgust	de cortijo
homestead	fear	de cortijo
homestead	joy	cortijo
homestead	negative	de cortijo
homestead	positive	de cortijo
homestead	sadness	de cortijo
homestead	surprise	cortijo
homestead	trust	de cortijo
congratulatory	anger	congratulatory
congratulatory	anticipation	congratulatory
congratulatory	disgust	congratulatory
congratulatory	fear	congratulatory
congratulatory	joy	congratulatory
congratulatory	negative	congratulatory
congratulatory	positive	congratulatory
congratulatory	sadness	congratulatory
congratulatory	surprise	congratulatory
congratulatory	trust	congratulatory
immeasurably	anger	immeasurably
immeasurably	anticipation	immeasurably
immeasurably	disgust	immeasurably
immeasurably	fear	immeasurably
immeasurably	joy	immeasurably
immeasurably	negative	immeasurably
immeasurably	positive	immeasurably
immeasurably	sadness	immeasurably
immeasurably	surprise	immeasurably
immeasurably	trust	immeasurably
estuary	anger	estuario
estuary	anticipation	de estuario
estuary	disgust	de estuario
estuary	fear	de estuario
estuary	joy	estuario
estuary	negative	de estuario
estuary	positive	de estuario
estuary	sadness	de estuario
estuary	surprise	estuario
estuary	trust	de estuario
mistrust	anger	mistrust
mistrust	anticipation	mistrust
mistrust	disgust	mistrust
mistrust	fear	mistrust
mistrust	joy	mistrust
mistrust	negative	mistrust
mistrust	positive	mistrust
mistrust	sadness	mistrust
mistrust	surprise	mistrust
mistrust	trust	mistrust
suit	anger	traje
suit	anticipation	de traje
suit	disgust	de traje
suit	fear	de traje
suit	joy	traje
suit	negative	de traje
suit	positive	de traje
suit	sadness	de traje
suit	surprise	traje
suit	trust	de traje
reserved	anger	reservó
reserved	anticipation	reservado
reserved	disgust	reservó
reserved	fear	reservado
reserved	joy	reservó
reserved	negative	reservado
reserved	positive	reservó
reserved	sadness	reservado
reserved	surprise	reservó
reserved	trust	reservado
primeval	anger	primeval
primeval	anticipation	primeval
primeval	disgust	primeval
primeval	fear	primeval
primeval	joy	primeval
primeval	negative	primeval
primeval	positive	primeval
primeval	sadness	primeval
primeval	surprise	primeval
primeval	trust	primeval
canal	anger	canal
canal	anticipation	de canal
canal	disgust	de canal
canal	fear	de canal
canal	joy	canal
canal	negative	de canal
canal	positive	de canal
canal	sadness	de canal
canal	surprise	interferencia
canal	trust	de interferencia
interference	anger	de canal
interference	anticipation	de canal
interference	disgust	interferencia
interference	fear	de interferencia
interference	joy	de interferencia
interference	negative	de interferencia
interference	positive	interferencia
interference	sadness	de interferencia
interference	surprise	de interferencia
interference	trust	de interferencia
pert	anger	pert
pert	anticipation	pert
pert	disgust	pert
pert	fear	pert
pert	joy	pert
pert	negative	pert
pert	positive	pert
pert	sadness	pert
pert	surprise	pert
pert	trust	pert
eyelet	anger	eyelet
eyelet	anticipation	eyelet
eyelet	disgust	eyelet
eyelet	fear	eyelet
eyelet	joy	eyelet
eyelet	negative	eyelet
eyelet	positive	eyelet
eyelet	sadness	eyelet
eyelet	surprise	eyelet
eyelet	trust	eyelet
subcutaneous	anger	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	anticipation	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	disgust	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	fear	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	joy	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	negative	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	positive	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	sadness	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	surprise	subcutaneous
subcutaneous	trust	subcutaneous
bomb	anger	bomba
bomb	anticipation	de bomba
bomb	disgust	de bomba
bomb	fear	de bomba
bomb	joy	bomba
bomb	negative	de bomba
bomb	positive	de bomba
bomb	sadness	de bomba
bomb	surprise	bomba
bomb	trust	de bomba
continence	anger	continence
continence	anticipation	continence
continence	disgust	continence
continence	fear	continence
continence	joy	continence
continence	negative	continence
continence	positive	continence
continence	sadness	continence
continence	surprise	continence
continence	trust	continence
arrears	anger	arrears
arrears	anticipation	arrears
arrears	disgust	arrears
arrears	fear	arrears
arrears	joy	arrears
arrears	negative	arrears
arrears	positive	arrears
arrears	sadness	arrears
arrears	surprise	arrears
arrears	trust	arrears
furtherance	anger	furtherance
furtherance	anticipation	furtherance
furtherance	disgust	furtherance
furtherance	fear	furtherance
furtherance	joy	furtherance
furtherance	negative	furtherance
furtherance	positive	furtherance
furtherance	sadness	furtherance
furtherance	surprise	furtherance
furtherance	trust	furtherance
lubricate	anger	lubricar
lubricate	anticipation	lubricar
lubricate	disgust	lubricar
lubricate	fear	lubricar
lubricate	joy	lubricar
lubricate	negative	lubricar
lubricate	positive	lubricar
lubricate	sadness	lubricar
lubricate	surprise	lubricar
lubricate	trust	lubricar
paltry	anger	paltry
paltry	anticipation	paltry
paltry	disgust	paltry
paltry	fear	paltry
paltry	joy	paltry
paltry	negative	paltry
paltry	positive	paltry
paltry	sadness	paltry
paltry	surprise	paltry
paltry	trust	paltry
pitcher	anger	pitcher
pitcher	anticipation	pitcher
pitcher	disgust	pitcher
pitcher	fear	pitcher
pitcher	joy	pitcher
pitcher	negative	pitcher
pitcher	positive	pitcher
pitcher	sadness	pitcher
pitcher	surprise	pitcher
pitcher	trust	pitcher
darling	anger	darling
darling	anticipation	darling
darling	disgust	darling
darling	fear	darling
darling	joy	darling
darling	negative	darling
darling	positive	darling
darling	sadness	darling
darling	surprise	darling
darling	trust	darling
disbelief	anger	disbelief
disbelief	anticipation	disbelief
disbelief	disgust	disbelief
disbelief	fear	disbelief
disbelief	joy	disbelief
disbelief	negative	disbelief
disbelief	positive	disbelief
disbelief	sadness	disbelief
disbelief	surprise	disbelief
disbelief	trust	disbelief
connected	anger	conectó
connected	anticipation	conectó
connected	disgust	conectó
connected	fear	conectó
connected	joy	conectó
connected	negative	conectó
connected	positive	conectó
connected	sadness	conectó
connected	surprise	conectó
connected	trust	conectó
elementary	anger	elemental
elementary	anticipation	elemental
elementary	disgust	elemental
elementary	fear	elemental
elementary	joy	elemental
elementary	negative	elemental
elementary	positive	elemental
elementary	sadness	cantidad
elementary	surprise	de cantidad
elementary	trust	elemental
quantity	anger	elemental
quantity	anticipation	elemental
quantity	disgust	cantidad
quantity	fear	de cantidad
quantity	joy	de cantidad
quantity	negative	de cantidad
quantity	positive	cantidad
quantity	sadness	de cantidad
quantity	surprise	de cantidad
quantity	trust	de cantidad
pudding	anger	puding
pudding	anticipation	de puding
pudding	disgust	de puding
pudding	fear	de puding
pudding	joy	puding
pudding	negative	de puding
pudding	positive	de puding
pudding	sadness	de puding
pudding	surprise	puding
pudding	trust	de puding
billion	anger	mil millones
billion	anticipation	mil millones
billion	disgust	mil millones
billion	fear	mil millones
billion	joy	mil millones
billion	negative	mil millones
billion	positive	mil millones
billion	sadness	mil millones
billion	surprise	mil millones
billion	trust	mil millones
hook	anger	gancho
hook	anticipation	gancho
hook	disgust	de gancho
hook	fear	de gancho
hook	joy	de gancho
hook	negative	gancho
hook	positive	de gancho
hook	sadness	de gancho
hook	surprise	de gancho
hook	trust	gancho
animus	anger	animus
animus	anticipation	animus
animus	disgust	animus
animus	fear	animus
animus	joy	animus
animus	negative	animus
animus	positive	animus
animus	sadness	animus
animus	surprise	animus
animus	trust	animus
windmill	anger	windmill
windmill	anticipation	windmill
windmill	disgust	windmill
windmill	fear	windmill
windmill	joy	windmill
windmill	negative	windmill
windmill	positive	windmill
windmill	sadness	windmill
windmill	surprise	windmill
windmill	trust	windmill
laborer	anger	peón
laborer	anticipation	de peón
laborer	disgust	de peón
laborer	fear	de peón
laborer	joy	peón
laborer	negative	de peón
laborer	positive	de peón
laborer	sadness	de peón
laborer	surprise	peón
laborer	trust	de peón
roast	anger	asa
roast	anticipation	asar
roast	disgust	asar
roast	fear	asar
roast	joy	asar
roast	negative	asar
roast	positive	asar
roast	sadness	asar
roast	surprise	asar
roast	trust	asar
amphetamines	anger	anfetaminas
amphetamines	anticipation	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	disgust	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	fear	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	joy	anfetaminas
amphetamines	negative	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	positive	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	sadness	de anfetaminas
amphetamines	surprise	anfetaminas
amphetamines	trust	de anfetaminas
keystone	anger	keystone
keystone	anticipation	keystone
keystone	disgust	keystone
keystone	fear	keystone
keystone	joy	keystone
keystone	negative	keystone
keystone	positive	keystone
keystone	sadness	keystone
keystone	surprise	keystone
keystone	trust	keystone
wedded	anger	wedded
wedded	anticipation	wedded
wedded	disgust	wedded
wedded	fear	wedded
wedded	joy	wedded
wedded	negative	wedded
wedded	positive	wedded
wedded	sadness	wedded
wedded	surprise	wedded
wedded	trust	wedded
hunk	anger	hunk
hunk	anticipation	hunk
hunk	disgust	hunk
hunk	fear	hunk
hunk	joy	hunk
hunk	negative	hunk
hunk	positive	hunk
hunk	sadness	hunk
hunk	surprise	hunk
hunk	trust	hunk
tower	anger	torre
tower	anticipation	de torre
tower	disgust	de torre
tower	fear	de torre
tower	joy	torre
tower	negative	de torre
tower	positive	de torre
tower	sadness	de torre
tower	surprise	torre
tower	trust	de torre
civil	anger	civil
civil	anticipation	civil
civil	disgust	civil
civil	fear	civil
civil	joy	civil
civil	negative	civil
civil	positive	civil
civil	sadness	civil
civil	surprise	civil
civil	trust	civil
schoolmaster	anger	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	anticipation	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	disgust	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	fear	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	joy	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	negative	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	positive	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	sadness	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	surprise	schoolmaster
schoolmaster	trust	schoolmaster
backwards	anger	atrás
backwards	anticipation	atrás
backwards	disgust	atrás
backwards	fear	atrás
backwards	joy	atrás
backwards	negative	atrás
backwards	positive	atrás
backwards	sadness	atrás
backwards	surprise	atrás
backwards	trust	atrás
lunatic	anger	lunatic
lunatic	anticipation	lunatic
lunatic	disgust	lunatic
lunatic	fear	lunatic
lunatic	joy	lunatic
lunatic	negative	lunatic
lunatic	positive	lunatic
lunatic	sadness	lunatic
lunatic	surprise	lunatic
lunatic	trust	lunatic
rhetorical	anger	retórico
rhetorical	anticipation	retórico
rhetorical	disgust	retórico
rhetorical	fear	retórico
rhetorical	joy	retórico
rhetorical	negative	retórico
rhetorical	positive	retórico
rhetorical	sadness	retórico
rhetorical	surprise	retórico
rhetorical	trust	retórico
localize	anger	localize
localize	anticipation	localize
localize	disgust	localize
localize	fear	localize
localize	joy	localize
localize	negative	localize
localize	positive	localize
localize	sadness	localize
localize	surprise	localize
localize	trust	localize
avert	anger	evitar
avert	anticipation	evitar
avert	disgust	evitar
avert	fear	evitar
avert	joy	evitar
avert	negative	evitar
avert	positive	evitar
avert	sadness	evitar
avert	surprise	evitar
avert	trust	evitar
horizontal	anger	horizontal
horizontal	anticipation	horizontal
horizontal	disgust	horizontal
horizontal	fear	horizontal
horizontal	joy	horizontal
horizontal	negative	horizontal
horizontal	positive	horizontal
horizontal	sadness	horizontal
horizontal	surprise	horizontal
horizontal	trust	horizontal
losing	anger	perdiendo
losing	anticipation	perdiendo
losing	disgust	perdiendo
losing	fear	perdiendo
losing	joy	perdiendo
losing	negative	perdiendo
losing	positive	perdiendo
losing	sadness	perdiendo
losing	surprise	perdiendo
losing	trust	perdiendo
due	anger	previsto
due	anticipation	previsto
due	disgust	previsto
due	fear	previsto
due	joy	previsto
due	negative	previsto
due	positive	previsto
due	sadness	horizonte
due	surprise	de horizonte
due	trust	previsto
horizon	anger	previsto
horizon	anticipation	previsto
horizon	disgust	horizonte
horizon	fear	de horizonte
horizon	joy	de horizonte
horizon	negative	de horizonte
horizon	positive	horizonte
horizon	sadness	de horizonte
horizon	surprise	de horizonte
horizon	trust	de horizonte
consequent	anger	consiguiente
consequent	anticipation	consiguiente
consequent	disgust	consiguiente
consequent	fear	consiguiente
consequent	joy	consiguiente
consequent	negative	consiguiente
consequent	positive	consiguiente
consequent	sadness	consiguiente
consequent	surprise	consiguiente
consequent	trust	consiguiente
antichrist	anger	antichrist
antichrist	anticipation	antichrist
antichrist	disgust	antichrist
antichrist	fear	antichrist
antichrist	joy	antichrist
antichrist	negative	antichrist
antichrist	positive	antichrist
antichrist	sadness	antichrist
antichrist	surprise	antichrist
antichrist	trust	antichrist
regression	anger	regresión
regression	anticipation	de regresión
regression	disgust	de regresión
regression	fear	de regresión
regression	joy	regresión
regression	negative	de regresión
regression	positive	de regresión
regression	sadness	de regresión
regression	surprise	voluntariado
regression	trust	de voluntariado
volunteering	anger	de regresión
volunteering	anticipation	de regresión
volunteering	disgust	voluntariado
volunteering	fear	de voluntariado
volunteering	joy	de voluntariado
volunteering	negative	de voluntariado
volunteering	positive	voluntariado
volunteering	sadness	de voluntariado
volunteering	surprise	de voluntariado
volunteering	trust	de voluntariado
transmutation	anger	transmutación
transmutation	anticipation	de transmutación
transmutation	disgust	de transmutación
transmutation	fear	de transmutación
transmutation	joy	transmutación
transmutation	negative	de transmutación
transmutation	positive	de transmutación
transmutation	sadness	de transmutación
transmutation	surprise	transmutación
transmutation	trust	de transmutación
agnostic	anger	agnóstica
agnostic	anticipation	agnóstico
agnostic	disgust	agnóstico
agnostic	fear	agnóstico
agnostic	joy	agnóstico
agnostic	negative	agnóstico
agnostic	positive	agnóstico
agnostic	sadness	agnóstico
agnostic	surprise	agnóstico
agnostic	trust	agnóstico
pending	anger	pendiente
pending	anticipation	pendiente
pending	disgust	pendiente
pending	fear	pendiente
pending	joy	pendiente
pending	negative	pendiente
pending	positive	pendiente
pending	sadness	pendiente
pending	surprise	pendiente
pending	trust	pendiente
tucker	anger	tucker
tucker	anticipation	tucker
tucker	disgust	tucker
tucker	fear	tucker
tucker	joy	tucker
tucker	negative	tucker
tucker	positive	tucker
tucker	sadness	tucker
tucker	surprise	tucker
tucker	trust	tucker
collected	anger	recogió
collected	anticipation	recogido
collected	disgust	recogió
collected	fear	recogido
collected	joy	recogió
collected	negative	recogido
collected	positive	recogió
collected	sadness	recogido
collected	surprise	recogió
collected	trust	recogido
agreeable	anger	agradable
agreeable	anticipation	agradable
agreeable	disgust	agradable
agreeable	fear	agradable
agreeable	joy	agradable
agreeable	negative	agradable
agreeable	positive	agradable
agreeable	sadness	agradable
agreeable	surprise	agradable
agreeable	trust	agradable
cur	anger	cur
cur	anticipation	cur
cur	disgust	cur
cur	fear	cur
cur	joy	cur
cur	negative	cur
cur	positive	cur
cur	sadness	cur
cur	surprise	cur
cur	trust	cur
sun	anger	sol
sun	anticipation	de sol
sun	disgust	de sol
sun	fear	de sol
sun	joy	sol
sun	negative	de sol
sun	positive	de sol
sun	sadness	de sol
sun	surprise	sol
sun	trust	de sol
censor	anger	censura
censor	anticipation	censurar
censor	disgust	censurar
censor	fear	censurar
censor	joy	censurar
censor	negative	censurar
censor	positive	censurar
censor	sadness	censurar
censor	surprise	censurar
censor	trust	censurar
fossils	anger	fósiles
fossils	anticipation	de fósiles
fossils	disgust	de fósiles
fossils	fear	de fósiles
fossils	joy	fósiles
fossils	negative	de fósiles
fossils	positive	de fósiles
fossils	sadness	de fósiles
fossils	surprise	fósiles
fossils	trust	de fósiles
credential	anger	credential
credential	anticipation	credential
credential	disgust	credential
credential	fear	credential
credential	joy	credential
credential	negative	credential
credential	positive	credential
credential	sadness	credential
credential	surprise	credential
credential	trust	credential
poisoning	anger	envenenamiento
poisoning	anticipation	de envenenamiento
poisoning	disgust	de envenenamiento
poisoning	fear	de envenenamiento
poisoning	joy	envenenamiento
poisoning	negative	de envenenamiento
poisoning	positive	de envenenamiento
poisoning	sadness	de envenenamiento
poisoning	surprise	el envenenamiento que
poisoning	trust	envenena
discretionary	anger	discrecional
discretionary	anticipation	discrecional
discretionary	disgust	discrecional
discretionary	fear	discrecional
discretionary	joy	discrecional
discretionary	negative	discrecional
discretionary	positive	discrecional
discretionary	sadness	discrecional
discretionary	surprise	discrecional
discretionary	trust	discrecional
snare	anger	snare
snare	anticipation	snare
snare	disgust	snare
snare	fear	snare
snare	joy	snare
snare	negative	snare
snare	positive	snare
snare	sadness	snare
snare	surprise	snare
snare	trust	snare
giraffe	anger	jirafa
giraffe	anticipation	de jirafa
giraffe	disgust	de jirafa
giraffe	fear	de jirafa
giraffe	joy	jirafa
giraffe	negative	de jirafa
giraffe	positive	de jirafa
giraffe	sadness	de jirafa
giraffe	surprise	jirafa
giraffe	trust	de jirafa
behest	anger	behest
behest	anticipation	behest
behest	disgust	behest
behest	fear	behest
behest	joy	behest
behest	negative	behest
behest	positive	behest
behest	sadness	behest
behest	surprise	behest
behest	trust	behest
bottomless	anger	sin fondo
bottomless	anticipation	sin fondo
bottomless	disgust	sin fondo
bottomless	fear	sin fondo
bottomless	joy	sin fondo
bottomless	negative	sin fondo
bottomless	positive	sin fondo
bottomless	sadness	terrorismo
bottomless	surprise	de terrorismo
bottomless	trust	sin fondo
terrorism	anger	sin fondo
terrorism	anticipation	sin fondo
terrorism	disgust	terrorismo
terrorism	fear	de terrorismo
terrorism	joy	de terrorismo
terrorism	negative	de terrorismo
terrorism	positive	terrorismo
terrorism	sadness	de terrorismo
terrorism	surprise	de terrorismo
terrorism	trust	de terrorismo
hirsute	anger	hirsute
hirsute	anticipation	hirsute
hirsute	disgust	hirsute
hirsute	fear	hirsute
hirsute	joy	hirsute
hirsute	negative	hirsute
hirsute	positive	hirsute
hirsute	sadness	hirsute
hirsute	surprise	hirsute
hirsute	trust	hirsute
thrifty	anger	thrifty
thrifty	anticipation	thrifty
thrifty	disgust	thrifty
thrifty	fear	thrifty
thrifty	joy	thrifty
thrifty	negative	thrifty
thrifty	positive	thrifty
thrifty	sadness	thrifty
thrifty	surprise	thrifty
thrifty	trust	thrifty
precaution	anger	precaución
precaution	anticipation	de precaución
precaution	disgust	de precaución
precaution	fear	de precaución
precaution	joy	precaución
precaution	negative	de precaución
precaution	positive	de precaución
precaution	sadness	de precaución
precaution	surprise	precaución
precaution	trust	de precaución
unsafe	anger	unsafe
unsafe	anticipation	unsafe
unsafe	disgust	unsafe
unsafe	fear	unsafe
unsafe	joy	unsafe
unsafe	negative	unsafe
unsafe	positive	unsafe
unsafe	sadness	unsafe
unsafe	surprise	unsafe
unsafe	trust	unsafe
creed	anger	credo
creed	anticipation	de credo
creed	disgust	de credo
creed	fear	de credo
creed	joy	credo
creed	negative	de credo
creed	positive	de credo
creed	sadness	de credo
creed	surprise	adopción
creed	trust	de adopción
adoption	anger	de credo
adoption	anticipation	de credo
adoption	disgust	adopción
adoption	fear	de adopción
adoption	joy	de adopción
adoption	negative	de adopción
adoption	positive	adopción
adoption	sadness	de adopción
adoption	surprise	de adopción
adoption	trust	de adopción
extreme	anger	extrema
extreme	anticipation	extremo
extreme	disgust	extremo
extreme	fear	extremo
extreme	joy	extremo
extreme	negative	extremo
extreme	positive	extremo
extreme	sadness	extremo
extreme	surprise	extremo
extreme	trust	extremo
interrogate	anger	interroga
interrogate	anticipation	interrogar
interrogate	disgust	interrogar
interrogate	fear	interrogar
interrogate	joy	interrogar
interrogate	negative	interrogar
interrogate	positive	interrogar
interrogate	sadness	interrogar
interrogate	surprise	interrogar
interrogate	trust	interrogar
quake	anger	quake
quake	anticipation	quake
quake	disgust	quake
quake	fear	quake
quake	joy	quake
quake	negative	quake
quake	positive	quake
quake	sadness	quake
quake	surprise	quake
quake	trust	quake
sate	anger	sate
sate	anticipation	sate
sate	disgust	sate
sate	fear	sate
sate	joy	sate
sate	negative	sate
sate	positive	sate
sate	sadness	sate
sate	surprise	sate
sate	trust	sate
famine	anger	hambruna
famine	anticipation	de hambruna
famine	disgust	de hambruna
famine	fear	de hambruna
famine	joy	hambruna
famine	negative	de hambruna
famine	positive	de hambruna
famine	sadness	de hambruna
famine	surprise	restitución
famine	trust	de restitución
restitution	anger	de hambruna
restitution	anticipation	de hambruna
restitution	disgust	restitución
restitution	fear	de restitución
restitution	joy	de restitución
restitution	negative	de restitución
restitution	positive	restitución
restitution	sadness	de restitución
restitution	surprise	de restitución
restitution	trust	de restitución
bicycle	anger	bicicleta
bicycle	anticipation	de bicicleta
bicycle	disgust	de bicicleta
bicycle	fear	de bicicleta
bicycle	joy	bicicleta
bicycle	negative	de bicicleta
bicycle	positive	de bicicleta
bicycle	sadness	de bicicleta
bicycle	surprise	bicicleta
bicycle	trust	de bicicleta
enterprising	anger	enterprising
enterprising	anticipation	enterprising
enterprising	disgust	enterprising
enterprising	fear	enterprising
enterprising	joy	enterprising
enterprising	negative	enterprising
enterprising	positive	enterprising
enterprising	sadness	enterprising
enterprising	surprise	enterprising
enterprising	trust	enterprising
kink	anger	kink
kink	anticipation	kink
kink	disgust	kink
kink	fear	kink
kink	joy	kink
kink	negative	kink
kink	positive	kink
kink	sadness	kink
kink	surprise	kink
kink	trust	kink
remembered	anger	recordó
remembered	anticipation	recordado
remembered	disgust	recordó
remembered	fear	recordado
remembered	joy	recordó
remembered	negative	recordado
remembered	positive	recordó
remembered	sadness	recordado
remembered	surprise	recordó
remembered	trust	recordado
unrelated	anger	no relacionado
unrelated	anticipation	no relacionado
unrelated	disgust	no relacionado
unrelated	fear	no relacionado
unrelated	joy	no relacionado
unrelated	negative	no relacionado
unrelated	positive	no relacionado
unrelated	sadness	inutilidades
unrelated	surprise	de inutilidades
unrelated	trust	no relacionadas
duds	anger	no relacionadas
duds	anticipation	no relacionadas
duds	disgust	inutilidades
duds	fear	de inutilidades
duds	joy	de inutilidades
duds	negative	de inutilidades
duds	positive	inutilidades
duds	sadness	de inutilidades
duds	surprise	de inutilidades
duds	trust	de inutilidades
reflect	anger	reflejan
reflect	anticipation	reflejar
reflect	disgust	reflejar
reflect	fear	reflejar
reflect	joy	reflejar
reflect	negative	reflejar
reflect	positive	reflejar
reflect	sadness	reflejar
reflect	surprise	reflejar
reflect	trust	reflejar
parallelism	anger	paralelismo
parallelism	anticipation	de paralelismo
parallelism	disgust	de paralelismo
parallelism	fear	de paralelismo
parallelism	joy	paralelismo
parallelism	negative	de paralelismo
parallelism	positive	de paralelismo
parallelism	sadness	de paralelismo
parallelism	surprise	paralelismo
parallelism	trust	de paralelismo
versatility	anger	versatility
versatility	anticipation	versatility
versatility	disgust	versatility
versatility	fear	versatility
versatility	joy	versatility
versatility	negative	versatility
versatility	positive	versatility
versatility	sadness	versatility
versatility	surprise	versatility
versatility	trust	versatility
celluloid	anger	celuloide
celluloid	anticipation	de celuloide
celluloid	disgust	de celuloide
celluloid	fear	de celuloide
celluloid	joy	celuloide
celluloid	negative	de celuloide
celluloid	positive	de celuloide
celluloid	sadness	de celuloide
celluloid	surprise	visión
celluloid	trust	de visión
vision	anger	de celuloide
vision	anticipation	de celuloide
vision	disgust	visión
vision	fear	de visión
vision	joy	de visión
vision	negative	de visión
vision	positive	visión
vision	sadness	de visión
vision	surprise	de visión
vision	trust	de visión
chargeable	anger	chargeable
chargeable	anticipation	chargeable
chargeable	disgust	chargeable
chargeable	fear	chargeable
chargeable	joy	chargeable
chargeable	negative	chargeable
chargeable	positive	chargeable
chargeable	sadness	chargeable
chargeable	surprise	chargeable
chargeable	trust	chargeable
assert	anger	afirmar
assert	anticipation	afirmar
assert	disgust	afirmar
assert	fear	afirmar
assert	joy	afirmar
assert	negative	afirmar
assert	positive	afirmar
assert	sadness	afirmar
assert	surprise	afirmar
assert	trust	afirmar
trickle	anger	trickle
trickle	anticipation	trickle
trickle	disgust	trickle
trickle	fear	trickle
trickle	joy	trickle
trickle	negative	trickle
trickle	positive	trickle
trickle	sadness	trickle
trickle	surprise	trickle
trickle	trust	trickle
superfluous	anger	superfluous
superfluous	anticipation	superfluous
superfluous	disgust	superfluous
superfluous	fear	superfluous
superfluous	joy	superfluous
superfluous	negative	superfluous
superfluous	positive	superfluous
superfluous	sadness	superfluous
superfluous	surprise	superfluous
superfluous	trust	superfluous
hoot	anger	hoot
hoot	anticipation	hoot
hoot	disgust	hoot
hoot	fear	hoot
hoot	joy	hoot
hoot	negative	hoot
hoot	positive	hoot
hoot	sadness	hoot
hoot	surprise	hoot
hoot	trust	hoot
weariness	anger	weariness
weariness	anticipation	weariness
weariness	disgust	weariness
weariness	fear	weariness
weariness	joy	weariness
weariness	negative	weariness
weariness	positive	weariness
weariness	sadness	weariness
weariness	surprise	weariness
weariness	trust	weariness
sacrament	anger	sacramento
sacrament	anticipation	de sacramento
sacrament	disgust	de sacramento
sacrament	fear	de sacramento
sacrament	joy	sacramento
sacrament	negative	de sacramento
sacrament	positive	de sacramento
sacrament	sadness	de sacramento
sacrament	surprise	sacramento
sacrament	trust	de sacramento
omit	anger	omite
omit	anticipation	omitir
omit	disgust	omitir
omit	fear	omitir
omit	joy	omitir
omit	negative	omitir
omit	positive	omitir
omit	sadness	omitir
omit	surprise	omitir
omit	trust	omitir
occupancy	anger	occupancy
occupancy	anticipation	occupancy
occupancy	disgust	occupancy
occupancy	fear	occupancy
occupancy	joy	occupancy
occupancy	negative	occupancy
occupancy	positive	occupancy
occupancy	sadness	occupancy
occupancy	surprise	occupancy
occupancy	trust	occupancy
decline	anger	disminución
decline	anticipation	de disminución
decline	disgust	de disminución
decline	fear	de disminución
decline	joy	disminución
decline	negative	de disminución
decline	positive	de disminución
decline	sadness	de disminución
decline	surprise	disminución
decline	trust	de disminución
weir	anger	weir
weir	anticipation	weir
weir	disgust	weir
weir	fear	weir
weir	joy	weir
weir	negative	weir
weir	positive	weir
weir	sadness	weir
weir	surprise	weir
weir	trust	weir
peninsula	anger	península
peninsula	anticipation	de península
peninsula	disgust	de península
peninsula	fear	de península
peninsula	joy	península
peninsula	negative	de península
peninsula	positive	de península
peninsula	sadness	de península
peninsula	surprise	conjetura
peninsula	trust	de conjetura
conjecture	anger	de península
conjecture	anticipation	de península
conjecture	disgust	conjetura
conjecture	fear	de conjetura
conjecture	joy	de conjetura
conjecture	negative	de conjetura
conjecture	positive	conjetura
conjecture	sadness	de conjetura
conjecture	surprise	de conjetura
conjecture	trust	de conjetura
cloth	anger	tela
cloth	anticipation	de tela
cloth	disgust	de tela
cloth	fear	de tela
cloth	joy	tela
cloth	negative	de tela
cloth	positive	de tela
cloth	sadness	de tela
cloth	surprise	tela
cloth	trust	de tela
indice	anger	indice
indice	anticipation	indice
indice	disgust	indice
indice	fear	indice
indice	joy	indice
indice	negative	indice
indice	positive	indice
indice	sadness	indice
indice	surprise	indice
indice	trust	indice
outweigh	anger	outweigh
outweigh	anticipation	outweigh
outweigh	disgust	outweigh
outweigh	fear	outweigh
outweigh	joy	outweigh
outweigh	negative	outweigh
outweigh	positive	outweigh
outweigh	sadness	outweigh
outweigh	surprise	outweigh
outweigh	trust	outweigh
invalid	anger	nulo
invalid	anticipation	nulo
invalid	disgust	nulo
invalid	fear	nulo
invalid	joy	nulo
invalid	negative	nulo
invalid	positive	nulo
invalid	sadness	adoración
invalid	surprise	de adoración
invalid	trust	nula
worship	anger	nula
worship	anticipation	nula
worship	disgust	adoración
worship	fear	de adoración
worship	joy	de adoración
worship	negative	de adoración
worship	positive	adoración
worship	sadness	de adoración
worship	surprise	de adoración
worship	trust	de adoración
vulgarity	anger	vulgaridad
vulgarity	anticipation	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	disgust	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	fear	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	joy	vulgaridad
vulgarity	negative	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	positive	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	sadness	de vulgaridad
vulgarity	surprise	cero
vulgarity	trust	de cero
nil	anger	de vulgaridad
nil	anticipation	de vulgaridad
nil	disgust	cero
nil	fear	de cero
nil	joy	de cero
nil	negative	de cero
nil	positive	cero
nil	sadness	de cero
nil	surprise	de cero
nil	trust	de cero
sweetened	anger	sweetened
sweetened	anticipation	sweetened
sweetened	disgust	sweetened
sweetened	fear	sweetened
sweetened	joy	sweetened
sweetened	negative	sweetened
sweetened	positive	sweetened
sweetened	sadness	sweetened
sweetened	surprise	sweetened
sweetened	trust	sweetened
domestication	anger	domesticación
domestication	anticipation	de domesticación
domestication	disgust	de domesticación
domestication	fear	de domesticación
domestication	joy	domesticación
domestication	negative	de domesticación
domestication	positive	de domesticación
domestication	sadness	de domesticación
domestication	surprise	acuario
domestication	trust	de acuario
aquarium	anger	de domesticación
aquarium	anticipation	de domesticación
aquarium	disgust	acuario
aquarium	fear	de acuario
aquarium	joy	de acuario
aquarium	negative	de acuario
aquarium	positive	acuario
aquarium	sadness	de acuario
aquarium	surprise	de acuario
aquarium	trust	de acuario
splendor	anger	esplendor
splendor	anticipation	de esplendor
splendor	disgust	de esplendor
splendor	fear	de esplendor
splendor	joy	esplendor
splendor	negative	de esplendor
splendor	positive	de esplendor
splendor	sadness	de esplendor
splendor	surprise	esplendor
splendor	trust	de esplendor
hotbed	anger	hotbed
hotbed	anticipation	hotbed
hotbed	disgust	hotbed
hotbed	fear	hotbed
hotbed	joy	hotbed
hotbed	negative	hotbed
hotbed	positive	hotbed
hotbed	sadness	hotbed
hotbed	surprise	hotbed
hotbed	trust	hotbed
push	anger	empujón
push	anticipation	de empujón
push	disgust	de empujón
push	fear	de empujón
push	joy	empujón
push	negative	de empujón
push	positive	de empujón
push	sadness	de empujón
push	surprise	resurgimiento
push	trust	de resurgimiento
revival	anger	de empujón
revival	anticipation	de empujón
revival	disgust	resurgimiento
revival	fear	de resurgimiento
revival	joy	de resurgimiento
revival	negative	de resurgimiento
revival	positive	resurgimiento
revival	sadness	de resurgimiento
revival	surprise	de resurgimiento
revival	trust	de resurgimiento
utilize	anger	utiliza
utilize	anticipation	utilizar
utilize	disgust	utilizar
utilize	fear	utilizar
utilize	joy	utilizar
utilize	negative	utilizar
utilize	positive	utilizar
utilize	sadness	utilizar
utilize	surprise	utilizar
utilize	trust	utilizar
hemp	anger	cáñamo
hemp	anticipation	de cáñamo
hemp	disgust	de cáñamo
hemp	fear	de cáñamo
hemp	joy	cáñamo
hemp	negative	de cáñamo
hemp	positive	de cáñamo
hemp	sadness	de cáñamo
hemp	surprise	cáñamo
hemp	trust	de cáñamo
felt	anger	sentía
felt	anticipation	sintió
felt	disgust	sentido
felt	fear	el fieltro
felt	joy	sentía
felt	negative	sintió
felt	positive	sentido
felt	sadness	el fieltro
felt	surprise	sintió
felt	trust	sentido
reporter	anger	reportero
reporter	anticipation	de reportero
reporter	disgust	de reportero
reporter	fear	de reportero
reporter	joy	reportero
reporter	negative	de reportero
reporter	positive	de reportero
reporter	sadness	de reportero
reporter	surprise	reportero
reporter	trust	de reportero
believed	anger	creyó
believed	anticipation	creído
believed	disgust	creyó
believed	fear	creído
believed	joy	creyó
believed	negative	creído
believed	positive	creyó
believed	sadness	creído
believed	surprise	creyó
believed	trust	creído
politeness	anger	politeness
politeness	anticipation	politeness
politeness	disgust	politeness
politeness	fear	politeness
politeness	joy	politeness
politeness	negative	politeness
politeness	positive	politeness
politeness	sadness	politeness
politeness	surprise	politeness
politeness	trust	politeness
projecting	anger	proyectando
projecting	anticipation	proyectando
projecting	disgust	proyectando
projecting	fear	proyectando
projecting	joy	proyectando
projecting	negative	proyectando
projecting	positive	proyectando
projecting	sadness	proyectando
projecting	surprise	proyectando
projecting	trust	proyectando
undue	anger	indebido
undue	anticipation	indebido
undue	disgust	indebido
undue	fear	indebido
undue	joy	indebido
undue	negative	indebido
undue	positive	indebido
undue	sadness	indebido
undue	surprise	indebido
undue	trust	indebido
gush	anger	gush
gush	anticipation	gush
gush	disgust	gush
gush	fear	gush
gush	joy	gush
gush	negative	gush
gush	positive	gush
gush	sadness	gush
gush	surprise	gush
gush	trust	gush
individuality	anger	individualidad
individuality	anticipation	de individualidad
individuality	disgust	de individualidad
individuality	fear	de individualidad
individuality	joy	individualidad
individuality	negative	de individualidad
individuality	positive	de individualidad
individuality	sadness	de individualidad
individuality	surprise	sarcasmo
individuality	trust	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	anger	de individualidad
sarcasm	anticipation	de individualidad
sarcasm	disgust	sarcasmo
sarcasm	fear	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	joy	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	negative	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	positive	sarcasmo
sarcasm	sadness	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	surprise	de sarcasmo
sarcasm	trust	de sarcasmo que
assuming	anger	supone
assuming	anticipation	suponiendo
assuming	disgust	suponiendo
assuming	fear	suponiendo
assuming	joy	suponiendo
assuming	negative	suponiendo
assuming	positive	suponiendo
assuming	sadness	suponiendo
assuming	surprise	suponiendo
assuming	trust	suponiendo
query	anger	consulta
query	anticipation	de consulta
query	disgust	de consulta
query	fear	de consulta
query	joy	consulta
query	negative	de consulta
query	positive	de consulta
query	sadness	de consulta
query	surprise	consulta
query	trust	de consulta
brachial	anger	brachial
brachial	anticipation	brachial
brachial	disgust	brachial
brachial	fear	brachial
brachial	joy	brachial
brachial	negative	brachial
brachial	positive	brachial
brachial	sadness	brachial
brachial	surprise	brachial
brachial	trust	brachial
periphery	anger	periferia
periphery	anticipation	de periferia
periphery	disgust	de periferia
periphery	fear	de periferia
periphery	joy	periferia
periphery	negative	de periferia
periphery	positive	de periferia
periphery	sadness	de periferia
periphery	surprise	periferia
periphery	trust	de periferia
manicure	anger	manicure
manicure	anticipation	manicure
manicure	disgust	manicure
manicure	fear	manicure
manicure	joy	manicure
manicure	negative	manicure
manicure	positive	manicure
manicure	sadness	manicure
manicure	surprise	manicure
manicure	trust	manicure
requisite	anger	requisite
requisite	anticipation	requisite
requisite	disgust	requisite
requisite	fear	requisite
requisite	joy	requisite
requisite	negative	requisite
requisite	positive	requisite
requisite	sadness	requisite
requisite	surprise	requisite
requisite	trust	requisite
rabble	anger	rabble
rabble	anticipation	rabble
rabble	disgust	rabble
rabble	fear	rabble
rabble	joy	rabble
rabble	negative	rabble
rabble	positive	rabble
rabble	sadness	rabble
rabble	surprise	rabble
rabble	trust	rabble
sorcerer	anger	sorcerer
sorcerer	anticipation	sorcerer
sorcerer	disgust	sorcerer
sorcerer	fear	sorcerer
sorcerer	joy	sorcerer
sorcerer	negative	sorcerer
sorcerer	positive	sorcerer
sorcerer	sadness	sorcerer
sorcerer	surprise	sorcerer
sorcerer	trust	sorcerer
radiography	anger	radiography
radiography	anticipation	radiography
radiography	disgust	radiography
radiography	fear	radiography
radiography	joy	radiography
radiography	negative	radiography
radiography	positive	radiography
radiography	sadness	radiography
radiography	surprise	radiography
radiography	trust	radiography
evolution	anger	evolución
evolution	anticipation	de evolución
evolution	disgust	de evolución
evolution	fear	de evolución
evolution	joy	evolución
evolution	negative	de evolución
evolution	positive	de evolución
evolution	sadness	de evolución
evolution	surprise	disfraz
evolution	trust	de disfraz
disguise	anger	de evolución
disguise	anticipation	de evolución
disguise	disgust	disfraz
disguise	fear	de disfraz
disguise	joy	de disfraz
disguise	negative	de disfraz
disguise	positive	disfraz
disguise	sadness	de disfraz
disguise	surprise	de disfraz
disguise	trust	de disfraz
glory	anger	gloria
glory	anticipation	de gloria
glory	disgust	de gloria
glory	fear	de gloria
glory	joy	gloria
glory	negative	de gloria
glory	positive	de gloria
glory	sadness	de gloria
glory	surprise	gloria
glory	trust	de gloria
spire	anger	spire
spire	anticipation	spire
spire	disgust	spire
spire	fear	spire
spire	joy	spire
spire	negative	spire
spire	positive	spire
spire	sadness	spire
spire	surprise	spire
spire	trust	spire
annuity	anger	annuity
annuity	anticipation	annuity
annuity	disgust	annuity
annuity	fear	annuity
annuity	joy	annuity
annuity	negative	annuity
annuity	positive	annuity
annuity	sadness	annuity
annuity	surprise	annuity
annuity	trust	annuity
lamina	anger	lamina
lamina	anticipation	lamina
lamina	disgust	lamina
lamina	fear	lamina
lamina	joy	lamina
lamina	negative	lamina
lamina	positive	lamina
lamina	sadness	lamina
lamina	surprise	lamina
lamina	trust	lamina
resuscitation	anger	resuscitation
resuscitation	anticipation	resuscitation
resuscitation	disgust	resuscitation
resuscitation	fear	resuscitation
resuscitation	joy	resuscitation
resuscitation	negative	resuscitation
resuscitation	positive	resuscitation
resuscitation	sadness	resuscitation
resuscitation	surprise	resuscitation
resuscitation	trust	resuscitation
merit	anger	mérito
merit	anticipation	de mérito
merit	disgust	de mérito
merit	fear	de mérito
merit	joy	mérito
merit	negative	de mérito
merit	positive	de mérito
merit	sadness	de mérito
merit	surprise	mérito
merit	trust	de mérito
temporarily	anger	temporalmente
temporarily	anticipation	temporalmente
temporarily	disgust	temporalmente
temporarily	fear	temporalmente
temporarily	joy	temporalmente
temporarily	negative	temporalmente
temporarily	positive	temporalmente
temporarily	sadness	temporalmente
temporarily	surprise	temporalmente
temporarily	trust	temporalmente
hour	anger	hora
hour	anticipation	de hora
hour	disgust	de hora
hour	fear	de hora
hour	joy	hora
hour	negative	de hora
hour	positive	de hora
hour	sadness	de hora
hour	surprise	hora
hour	trust	de hora
sensuous	anger	sensuous
sensuous	anticipation	sensuous
sensuous	disgust	sensuous
sensuous	fear	sensuous
sensuous	joy	sensuous
sensuous	negative	sensuous
sensuous	positive	sensuous
sensuous	sadness	sensuous
sensuous	surprise	sensuous
sensuous	trust	sensuous
goggle	anger	goggle
goggle	anticipation	goggle
goggle	disgust	goggle
goggle	fear	goggle
goggle	joy	goggle
goggle	negative	goggle
goggle	positive	goggle
goggle	sadness	goggle
goggle	surprise	goggle
goggle	trust	goggle
unseat	anger	derribar
unseat	anticipation	derribar
unseat	disgust	derribar
unseat	fear	derribar
unseat	joy	derribar
unseat	negative	derribar
unseat	positive	derribar
unseat	sadness	derribar
unseat	surprise	derribar
unseat	trust	derribar
cringe	anger	cringe
cringe	anticipation	cringe
cringe	disgust	cringe
cringe	fear	cringe
cringe	joy	cringe
cringe	negative	cringe
cringe	positive	cringe
cringe	sadness	cringe
cringe	surprise	cringe
cringe	trust	cringe
relay	anger	relé
relay	anticipation	de relé
relay	disgust	de relé
relay	fear	de relé
relay	joy	relé
relay	negative	de relé
relay	positive	de relé
relay	sadness	de relé
relay	surprise	relé
relay	trust	de relé
tasteless	anger	insípido
tasteless	anticipation	insípido
tasteless	disgust	insípido
tasteless	fear	insípido
tasteless	joy	insípido
tasteless	negative	insípido
tasteless	positive	insípido
tasteless	sadness	talla
tasteless	surprise	de talla
tasteless	trust	insípida
carving	anger	insípida
carving	anticipation	insípida
carving	disgust	talla
carving	fear	de talla
carving	joy	de talla
carving	negative	de talla
carving	positive	talla
carving	sadness	de talla
carving	surprise	de talla
carving	trust	de talla
landlocked	anger	landlocked
landlocked	anticipation	landlocked
landlocked	disgust	landlocked
landlocked	fear	landlocked
landlocked	joy	landlocked
landlocked	negative	landlocked
landlocked	positive	landlocked
landlocked	sadness	landlocked
landlocked	surprise	landlocked
landlocked	trust	landlocked
president	anger	presidente
president	anticipation	de presidente
president	disgust	de presidente
president	fear	de presidente
president	joy	presidente
president	negative	de presidente
president	positive	de presidente
president	sadness	de presidente
president	surprise	presidente
president	trust	de presidente
reprise	anger	reprise
reprise	anticipation	reprise
reprise	disgust	reprise
reprise	fear	reprise
reprise	joy	reprise
reprise	negative	reprise
reprise	positive	reprise
reprise	sadness	reprise
reprise	surprise	reprise
reprise	trust	reprise
transition	anger	transición
transition	anticipation	de transición
transition	disgust	de transición
transition	fear	de transición
transition	joy	transición
transition	negative	de transición
transition	positive	de transición
transition	sadness	de transición
transition	surprise	transición
transition	trust	de transición
tipsy	anger	tipsy
tipsy	anticipation	tipsy
tipsy	disgust	tipsy
tipsy	fear	tipsy
tipsy	joy	tipsy
tipsy	negative	tipsy
tipsy	positive	tipsy
tipsy	sadness	tipsy
tipsy	surprise	tipsy
tipsy	trust	tipsy
unkind	anger	antipático
unkind	anticipation	antipático
unkind	disgust	antipático
unkind	fear	antipático
unkind	joy	antipático
unkind	negative	antipático
unkind	positive	antipático
unkind	sadness	sector
unkind	surprise	de sector
unkind	trust	antipático
sector	anger	antipático
sector	anticipation	antipático
sector	disgust	sector
sector	fear	de sector
sector	joy	de sector
sector	negative	de sector
sector	positive	sector
sector	sadness	de sector
sector	surprise	de sector
sector	trust	de sector
volcanic	anger	volcánico
volcanic	anticipation	volcánico
volcanic	disgust	volcánico
volcanic	fear	volcánico
volcanic	joy	volcánico
volcanic	negative	volcánico
volcanic	positive	volcánico
volcanic	sadness	volcánico
volcanic	surprise	volcánico
volcanic	trust	volcánico
reinforce	anger	reforzar
reinforce	anticipation	reforzar
reinforce	disgust	reforzar
reinforce	fear	reforzar
reinforce	joy	reforzar
reinforce	negative	reforzar
reinforce	positive	reforzar
reinforce	sadness	reforzar
reinforce	surprise	reforzar
reinforce	trust	reforzar
ledge	anger	ledge
ledge	anticipation	ledge
ledge	disgust	ledge
ledge	fear	ledge
ledge	joy	ledge
ledge	negative	ledge
ledge	positive	ledge
ledge	sadness	ledge
ledge	surprise	ledge
ledge	trust	ledge
goblin	anger	duende
goblin	anticipation	de duende
goblin	disgust	de duende
goblin	fear	de duende
goblin	joy	duende
goblin	negative	de duende
goblin	positive	de duende
goblin	sadness	de duende
goblin	surprise	culpa
goblin	trust	de culpa
fault	anger	de duende
fault	anticipation	de duende
fault	disgust	culpa
fault	fear	de culpa
fault	joy	de culpa
fault	negative	de culpa
fault	positive	culpa
fault	sadness	de culpa
fault	surprise	de culpa
fault	trust	de culpa
lavender	anger	espliego
lavender	anticipation	de espliego
lavender	disgust	de espliego
lavender	fear	de espliego
lavender	joy	espliego
lavender	negative	de espliego
lavender	positive	de espliego
lavender	sadness	de espliego
lavender	surprise	espliego
lavender	trust	de espliego
wed	anger	wed
wed	anticipation	wed
wed	disgust	wed
wed	fear	wed
wed	joy	wed
wed	negative	wed
wed	positive	wed
wed	sadness	wed
wed	surprise	wed
wed	trust	wed
shade	anger	sombra
shade	anticipation	de sombra
shade	disgust	de sombra
shade	fear	de sombra
shade	joy	sombra
shade	negative	de sombra
shade	positive	de sombra
shade	sadness	de sombra
shade	surprise	sombra
shade	trust	de sombra
pinhole	anger	pinhole
pinhole	anticipation	pinhole
pinhole	disgust	pinhole
pinhole	fear	pinhole
pinhole	joy	pinhole
pinhole	negative	pinhole
pinhole	positive	pinhole
pinhole	sadness	pinhole
pinhole	surprise	pinhole
pinhole	trust	pinhole
entity	anger	entidad
entity	anticipation	de entidad
entity	disgust	de entidad
entity	fear	de entidad
entity	joy	entidad
entity	negative	de entidad
entity	positive	de entidad
entity	sadness	de entidad
entity	surprise	arcilla
entity	trust	de arcilla
clay	anger	de entidad
clay	anticipation	de entidad
clay	disgust	arcilla
clay	fear	de arcilla
clay	joy	de arcilla
clay	negative	de arcilla
clay	positive	arcilla
clay	sadness	de arcilla
clay	surprise	de arcilla
clay	trust	de arcilla
scrutinize	anger	scrutinize
scrutinize	anticipation	scrutinize
scrutinize	disgust	scrutinize
scrutinize	fear	scrutinize
scrutinize	joy	scrutinize
scrutinize	negative	scrutinize
scrutinize	positive	scrutinize
scrutinize	sadness	scrutinize
scrutinize	surprise	scrutinize
scrutinize	trust	scrutinize
quadrant	anger	cuadrante
quadrant	anticipation	de cuadrante
quadrant	disgust	de cuadrante
quadrant	fear	de cuadrante
quadrant	joy	cuadrante
quadrant	negative	de cuadrante
quadrant	positive	de cuadrante
quadrant	sadness	de cuadrante
quadrant	surprise	hierba
quadrant	trust	de hierba
herb	anger	de cuadrante
herb	anticipation	de cuadrante
herb	disgust	hierba
herb	fear	de hierba
herb	joy	de hierba
herb	negative	de hierba
herb	positive	hierba
herb	sadness	de hierba
herb	surprise	de hierba
herb	trust	de hierba
eternity	anger	eternidad
eternity	anticipation	de eternidad
eternity	disgust	de eternidad
eternity	fear	de eternidad
eternity	joy	eternidad
eternity	negative	de eternidad
eternity	positive	de eternidad
eternity	sadness	de eternidad
eternity	surprise	jefe
eternity	trust	de jefe
boss	anger	de eternidad
boss	anticipation	de eternidad
boss	disgust	jefe
boss	fear	de jefe
boss	joy	de jefe
boss	negative	de jefe
boss	positive	jefe
boss	sadness	de jefe
boss	surprise	de jefe
boss	trust	de jefe
royal	anger	real
royal	anticipation	real
royal	disgust	real
royal	fear	real
royal	joy	real
royal	negative	real
royal	positive	real
royal	sadness	sitio
royal	surprise	de sitio
royal	trust	real
spot	anger	real
spot	anticipation	real
spot	disgust	sitio
spot	fear	de sitio
spot	joy	de sitio
spot	negative	de sitio
spot	positive	sitio
spot	sadness	de sitio
spot	surprise	de sitio
spot	trust	de sitio
summons	anger	convoca
summons	anticipation	convoca
summons	disgust	convoca
summons	fear	convoca
summons	joy	convoca
summons	negative	convoca
summons	positive	convoca
summons	sadness	convoca
summons	surprise	convoca
summons	trust	convoca
spread	anger	extendido
spread	anticipation	extiende
spread	disgust	extiende
spread	fear	extendido
spread	joy	extiende
spread	negative	extendido
spread	positive	extiende
spread	sadness	extendido
spread	surprise	extiende
spread	trust	catecismo
catechism	anger	de catecismo
catechism	anticipation	de catecismo
catechism	disgust	extendido
catechism	fear	catecismo
catechism	joy	de catecismo
catechism	negative	de catecismo
catechism	positive	de catecismo
catechism	sadness	catecismo
catechism	surprise	de catecismo
catechism	trust	del catecismo
clarify	anger	aclara
clarify	anticipation	aclarar
clarify	disgust	aclarar
clarify	fear	aclarar
clarify	joy	aclarar
clarify	negative	aclarar
clarify	positive	aclarar
clarify	sadness	aclarar
clarify	surprise	aclarar
clarify	trust	aclarar
geranium	anger	geranio
geranium	anticipation	de geranio
geranium	disgust	de geranio
geranium	fear	de geranio
geranium	joy	geranio
geranium	negative	de geranio
geranium	positive	de geranio
geranium	sadness	de geranio
geranium	surprise	geranio
geranium	trust	de geranio
anon	anger	luego
anon	anticipation	luego
anon	disgust	luego
anon	fear	luego
anon	joy	luego
anon	negative	luego
anon	positive	luego
anon	sadness	luego
anon	surprise	luego
anon	trust	luego
bankrupt	anger	bankrupt
bankrupt	anticipation	bankrupt
bankrupt	disgust	bankrupt
bankrupt	fear	bankrupt
bankrupt	joy	bankrupt
bankrupt	negative	bankrupt
bankrupt	positive	bankrupt
bankrupt	sadness	bankrupt
bankrupt	surprise	bankrupt
bankrupt	trust	bankrupt
superiority	anger	superioridad
superiority	anticipation	de superioridad
superiority	disgust	de superioridad
superiority	fear	de superioridad
superiority	joy	superioridad
superiority	negative	de superioridad
superiority	positive	de superioridad
superiority	sadness	de superioridad
superiority	surprise	superioridad
superiority	trust	de superioridad
aghast	anger	aterrorizada
aghast	anticipation	aterrorizado
aghast	disgust	aterrorizado
aghast	fear	aterrorizado
aghast	joy	aterrorizado
aghast	negative	aterrorizado
aghast	positive	aterrorizado
aghast	sadness	cojín
aghast	surprise	de cojín
aghast	trust	aterrorizado
cushion	anger	aterrorizado
cushion	anticipation	aterrorizado
cushion	disgust	cojín
cushion	fear	de cojín
cushion	joy	de cojín
cushion	negative	de cojín
cushion	positive	cojín
cushion	sadness	de cojín
cushion	surprise	de cojín
cushion	trust	de cojín
aged	anger	envejeció
aged	anticipation	envejecido
aged	disgust	envejeció
aged	fear	envejecido
aged	joy	envejeció
aged	negative	envejecido
aged	positive	envejeció
aged	sadness	envejecido
aged	surprise	envejeció
aged	trust	desahucio
eviction	anger	de desahucio
eviction	anticipation	de desahucio
eviction	disgust	envejecido
eviction	fear	desahucio
eviction	joy	de desahucio
eviction	negative	de desahucio
eviction	positive	de desahucio
eviction	sadness	desahucio
eviction	surprise	de desahucio
eviction	trust	del desahucio
undefined	anger	undefined
undefined	anticipation	undefined
undefined	disgust	undefined
undefined	fear	undefined
undefined	joy	undefined
undefined	negative	undefined
undefined	positive	undefined
undefined	sadness	undefined
undefined	surprise	undefined
undefined	trust	undefined
serenity	anger	serenidad
serenity	anticipation	de serenidad
serenity	disgust	de serenidad
serenity	fear	de serenidad
serenity	joy	serenidad
serenity	negative	de serenidad
serenity	positive	de serenidad
serenity	sadness	de serenidad
serenity	surprise	serenidad
serenity	trust	de serenidad
unwavering	anger	unwavering
unwavering	anticipation	unwavering
unwavering	disgust	unwavering
unwavering	fear	unwavering
unwavering	joy	unwavering
unwavering	negative	unwavering
unwavering	positive	unwavering
unwavering	sadness	unwavering
unwavering	surprise	unwavering
unwavering	trust	unwavering
amazement	anger	asombro
amazement	anticipation	de asombro
amazement	disgust	de asombro
amazement	fear	de asombro
amazement	joy	asombro
amazement	negative	de asombro
amazement	positive	de asombro
amazement	sadness	de asombro
amazement	surprise	asombro
amazement	trust	de asombro
unwell	anger	unwell
unwell	anticipation	unwell
unwell	disgust	unwell
unwell	fear	unwell
unwell	joy	unwell
unwell	negative	unwell
unwell	positive	unwell
unwell	sadness	unwell
unwell	surprise	unwell
unwell	trust	unwell
gong	anger	gong
gong	anticipation	de gong
gong	disgust	de gong
gong	fear	de gong
gong	joy	gong
gong	negative	de gong
gong	positive	de gong
gong	sadness	de gong
gong	surprise	gong
gong	trust	de gong
denied	anger	negó
denied	anticipation	negado
denied	disgust	negó
denied	fear	negado
denied	joy	negó
denied	negative	negado
denied	positive	negó
denied	sadness	negado
denied	surprise	negó
denied	trust	negado
centennial	anger	centennial
centennial	anticipation	centennial
centennial	disgust	centennial
centennial	fear	centennial
centennial	joy	centennial
centennial	negative	centennial
centennial	positive	centennial
centennial	sadness	centennial
centennial	surprise	centennial
centennial	trust	centennial
shower	anger	ducha
shower	anticipation	de ducha
shower	disgust	de ducha
shower	fear	de ducha
shower	joy	ducha
shower	negative	de ducha
shower	positive	de ducha
shower	sadness	de ducha
shower	surprise	ducha
shower	trust	de ducha
bind	anger	ata
bind	anticipation	atar
bind	disgust	atar
bind	fear	atar
bind	joy	atar
bind	negative	atar
bind	positive	atar
bind	sadness	atar
bind	surprise	atar
bind	trust	atar
protest	anger	protesta
protest	anticipation	de protesta
protest	disgust	de protesta
protest	fear	de protesta
protest	joy	protesta
protest	negative	de protesta
protest	positive	de protesta
protest	sadness	de protesta
protest	surprise	cadena
protest	trust	de cadena
chain	anger	de protesta
chain	anticipation	de protesta
chain	disgust	cadena
chain	fear	de cadena
chain	joy	de cadena
chain	negative	de cadena
chain	positive	cadena
chain	sadness	de cadena
chain	surprise	de cadena
chain	trust	de cadena
hopper	anger	tolva
hopper	anticipation	de tolva
hopper	disgust	de tolva
hopper	fear	de tolva
hopper	joy	tolva
hopper	negative	de tolva
hopper	positive	de tolva
hopper	sadness	de tolva
hopper	surprise	tolva
hopper	trust	de tolva
rack	anger	atormenta
rack	anticipation	atormentar
rack	disgust	atormentar
rack	fear	atormentar
rack	joy	atormentar
rack	negative	atormentar
rack	positive	atormentar
rack	sadness	atormentar
rack	surprise	atormentar
rack	trust	atormentar
coward	anger	cobarde
coward	anticipation	de cobarde
coward	disgust	de cobarde
coward	fear	de cobarde
coward	joy	cobarde
coward	negative	de cobarde
coward	positive	de cobarde
coward	sadness	de cobarde
coward	surprise	cobarde
coward	trust	de cobarde
official	anger	oficial
official	anticipation	oficial
official	disgust	oficial
official	fear	oficial
official	joy	oficial
official	negative	oficial
official	positive	oficial
official	sadness	oficial
official	surprise	oficial
official	trust	oficial
hating	anger	odiando
hating	anticipation	odiando
hating	disgust	odiando
hating	fear	odiando
hating	joy	odiando
hating	negative	odiando
hating	positive	odiando
hating	sadness	odiando
hating	surprise	odiando
hating	trust	odiando
inexcusable	anger	inexcusable
inexcusable	anticipation	inexcusable
inexcusable	disgust	inexcusable
inexcusable	fear	inexcusable
inexcusable	joy	inexcusable
inexcusable	negative	inexcusable
inexcusable	positive	inexcusable
inexcusable	sadness	inexcusable
inexcusable	surprise	inexcusable
inexcusable	trust	inexcusable
coronation	anger	coronación
coronation	anticipation	de coronación
coronation	disgust	de coronación
coronation	fear	de coronación
coronation	joy	coronación
coronation	negative	de coronación
coronation	positive	de coronación
coronation	sadness	de coronación
coronation	surprise	absentismo
coronation	trust	de absentismo
absenteeism	anger	de coronación
absenteeism	anticipation	de coronación
absenteeism	disgust	absentismo
absenteeism	fear	de absentismo
absenteeism	joy	de absentismo
absenteeism	negative	de absentismo
absenteeism	positive	absentismo
absenteeism	sadness	de absentismo
absenteeism	surprise	de absentismo
absenteeism	trust	de absentismo
netting	anger	netting
netting	anticipation	netting
netting	disgust	netting
netting	fear	netting
netting	joy	netting
netting	negative	netting
netting	positive	netting
netting	sadness	netting
netting	surprise	netting
netting	trust	netting
defenseless	anger	defenseless
defenseless	anticipation	defenseless
defenseless	disgust	defenseless
defenseless	fear	defenseless
defenseless	joy	defenseless
defenseless	negative	defenseless
defenseless	positive	defenseless
defenseless	sadness	defenseless
defenseless	surprise	defenseless
defenseless	trust	defenseless
insect	anger	insecto
insect	anticipation	de insecto
insect	disgust	de insecto
insect	fear	de insecto
insect	joy	insecto
insect	negative	de insecto
insect	positive	de insecto
insect	sadness	de insecto
insect	surprise	ranura
insect	trust	de ranura
slot	anger	de insecto
slot	anticipation	de insecto
slot	disgust	ranura
slot	fear	de ranura
slot	joy	de ranura
slot	negative	de ranura
slot	positive	ranura
slot	sadness	de ranura
slot	surprise	de ranura
slot	trust	de ranura
offset	anger	offset
offset	anticipation	de offset
offset	disgust	de offset
offset	fear	de offset
offset	joy	offset
offset	negative	de offset
offset	positive	de offset
offset	sadness	de offset
offset	surprise	offset
offset	trust	de offset
feed	anger	alimenta
feed	anticipation	alimentar
feed	disgust	alimentar
feed	fear	alimentar
feed	joy	alimentar
feed	negative	alimentar
feed	positive	alimentar
feed	sadness	alimentar
feed	surprise	alimentar
feed	trust	alimentar
grandmother	anger	abuela
grandmother	anticipation	de abuela
grandmother	disgust	de abuela
grandmother	fear	de abuela
grandmother	joy	abuela
grandmother	negative	de abuela
grandmother	positive	de abuela
grandmother	sadness	de abuela
grandmother	surprise	abuela
grandmother	trust	de abuela
radiant	anger	radiante
radiant	anticipation	radiante
radiant	disgust	radiante
radiant	fear	radiante
radiant	joy	radiante
radiant	negative	radiante
radiant	positive	radiante
radiant	sadness	radiante
radiant	surprise	radiante
radiant	trust	radiante
cheerful	anger	alegre
cheerful	anticipation	alegre
cheerful	disgust	alegre
cheerful	fear	alegre
cheerful	joy	alegre
cheerful	negative	alegre
cheerful	positive	alegre
cheerful	sadness	alegre
cheerful	surprise	alegre
cheerful	trust	alegre
dispense	anger	dispensar
dispense	anticipation	dispensar
dispense	disgust	dispensar
dispense	fear	dispensar
dispense	joy	dispensar
dispense	negative	dispensar
dispense	positive	dispensar
dispense	sadness	dispensar
dispense	surprise	dispensar
dispense	trust	dispensar
convenient	anger	conveniente
convenient	anticipation	conveniente
convenient	disgust	conveniente
convenient	fear	conveniente
convenient	joy	conveniente
convenient	negative	conveniente
convenient	positive	conveniente
convenient	sadness	navegación
convenient	surprise	de navegación
convenient	trust	conveniente
sailing	anger	conveniente
sailing	anticipation	conveniente
sailing	disgust	navegación
sailing	fear	de navegación
sailing	joy	de navegación
sailing	negative	de navegación
sailing	positive	navegación
sailing	sadness	de navegación
sailing	surprise	de la navegación que
sailing	trust	navega
overrule	anger	overrule
overrule	anticipation	overrule
overrule	disgust	overrule
overrule	fear	overrule
overrule	joy	overrule
overrule	negative	overrule
overrule	positive	overrule
overrule	sadness	overrule
overrule	surprise	overrule
overrule	trust	overrule
complement	anger	complementar
complement	anticipation	complementar
complement	disgust	complementar
complement	fear	complementar
complement	joy	complementar
complement	negative	complementar
complement	positive	complementar
complement	sadness	complementar
complement	surprise	complementar
complement	trust	complementar
reply	anger	respuesta
reply	anticipation	de respuesta
reply	disgust	de respuesta
reply	fear	de respuesta
reply	joy	respuesta
reply	negative	de respuesta
reply	positive	de respuesta
reply	sadness	de respuesta
reply	surprise	bibliotecario
reply	trust	de bibliotecario
librarian	anger	de respuesta
librarian	anticipation	de respuesta
librarian	disgust	bibliotecario
librarian	fear	de bibliotecario
librarian	joy	de bibliotecario
librarian	negative	de bibliotecario
librarian	positive	bibliotecario
librarian	sadness	de bibliotecario
librarian	surprise	de bibliotecario
librarian	trust	de bibliotecario
rigorous	anger	riguroso
rigorous	anticipation	riguroso
rigorous	disgust	riguroso
rigorous	fear	riguroso
rigorous	joy	riguroso
rigorous	negative	riguroso
rigorous	positive	riguroso
rigorous	sadness	riguroso
rigorous	surprise	riguroso
rigorous	trust	riguroso
caterpillar	anger	caterpillar
caterpillar	anticipation	caterpillar
caterpillar	disgust	caterpillar
caterpillar	fear	caterpillar
caterpillar	joy	caterpillar
caterpillar	negative	caterpillar
caterpillar	positive	caterpillar
caterpillar	sadness	caterpillar
caterpillar	surprise	caterpillar
caterpillar	trust	caterpillar
heating	anger	calefacción
heating	anticipation	de calefacción
heating	disgust	de calefacción
heating	fear	de calefacción
heating	joy	calefacción
heating	negative	de calefacción
heating	positive	de calefacción
heating	sadness	de calefacción
heating	surprise	la calefacción que
heating	trust	calienta
yeoman	anger	yeoman
yeoman	anticipation	yeoman
yeoman	disgust	yeoman
yeoman	fear	yeoman
yeoman	joy	yeoman
yeoman	negative	yeoman
yeoman	positive	yeoman
yeoman	sadness	yeoman
yeoman	surprise	yeoman
yeoman	trust	yeoman
drake	anger	drake
drake	anticipation	drake
drake	disgust	drake
drake	fear	drake
drake	joy	drake
drake	negative	drake
drake	positive	drake
drake	sadness	drake
drake	surprise	drake
drake	trust	drake
truth	anger	verdad
truth	anticipation	de verdad
truth	disgust	de verdad
truth	fear	de verdad
truth	joy	verdad
truth	negative	de verdad
truth	positive	de verdad
truth	sadness	de verdad
truth	surprise	territorio
truth	trust	de territorio
territory	anger	de verdad
territory	anticipation	de verdad
territory	disgust	territorio
territory	fear	de territorio
territory	joy	de territorio
territory	negative	de territorio
territory	positive	territorio
territory	sadness	de territorio
territory	surprise	de territorio
territory	trust	de territorio
mooted	anger	mooted
mooted	anticipation	mooted
mooted	disgust	mooted
mooted	fear	mooted
mooted	joy	mooted
mooted	negative	mooted
mooted	positive	mooted
mooted	sadness	mooted
mooted	surprise	mooted
mooted	trust	mooted
upheaval	anger	upheaval
upheaval	anticipation	upheaval
upheaval	disgust	upheaval
upheaval	fear	upheaval
upheaval	joy	upheaval
upheaval	negative	upheaval
upheaval	positive	upheaval
upheaval	sadness	upheaval
upheaval	surprise	upheaval
upheaval	trust	upheaval
decoration	anger	decoración
decoration	anticipation	de decoración
decoration	disgust	de decoración
decoration	fear	de decoración
decoration	joy	decoración
decoration	negative	de decoración
decoration	positive	de decoración
decoration	sadness	de decoración
decoration	surprise	decoración
decoration	trust	de decoración
banjo	anger	banjo
banjo	anticipation	banjo
banjo	disgust	banjo
banjo	fear	banjo
banjo	joy	banjo
banjo	negative	banjo
banjo	positive	banjo
banjo	sadness	banjo
banjo	surprise	banjo
banjo	trust	banjo
toxin	anger	toxina
toxin	anticipation	de toxina
toxin	disgust	de toxina
toxin	fear	de toxina
toxin	joy	toxina
toxin	negative	de toxina
toxin	positive	de toxina
toxin	sadness	de toxina
toxin	surprise	toxina
toxin	trust	de toxina
taper	anger	taper
taper	anticipation	taper
taper	disgust	taper
taper	fear	taper
taper	joy	taper
taper	negative	taper
taper	positive	taper
taper	sadness	taper
taper	surprise	taper
taper	trust	taper
flaming	anger	flaming
flaming	anticipation	flaming
flaming	disgust	flaming
flaming	fear	flaming
flaming	joy	flaming
flaming	negative	flaming
flaming	positive	flaming
flaming	sadness	flaming
flaming	surprise	flaming
flaming	trust	flaming
shriek	anger	shriek
shriek	anticipation	shriek
shriek	disgust	shriek
shriek	fear	shriek
shriek	joy	shriek
shriek	negative	shriek
shriek	positive	shriek
shriek	sadness	shriek
shriek	surprise	shriek
shriek	trust	shriek
stripped	anger	desnudó
stripped	anticipation	desnudado
stripped	disgust	desnudó
stripped	fear	desnudado
stripped	joy	desnudó
stripped	negative	desnudado
stripped	positive	desnudó
stripped	sadness	desnudado
stripped	surprise	desnudó
stripped	trust	poro
pore	anger	de poro
pore	anticipation	de poro
pore	disgust	desnudado
pore	fear	poro
pore	joy	de poro
pore	negative	de poro
pore	positive	de poro
pore	sadness	turba
pore	surprise	de poro
pore	trust	de poro
peat	anger	de poro
peat	anticipation	turba
peat	disgust	de turba
peat	fear	de turba
peat	joy	de turba
peat	negative	turba
peat	positive	de turba
peat	sadness	de turba
peat	surprise	de turba
peat	trust	anémona
anemone	anger	de anémona
anemone	anticipation	de anémona
anemone	disgust	de turba
anemone	fear	anémona
anemone	joy	de anémona
anemone	negative	de anémona
anemone	positive	de anémona
anemone	sadness	anémona
anemone	surprise	de anémona
anemone	trust	de la anémona
illogical	anger	ilógica
illogical	anticipation	ilógico
illogical	disgust	ilógico
illogical	fear	ilógico
illogical	joy	ilógico
illogical	negative	ilógico
illogical	positive	ilógico
illogical	sadness	emancipación
illogical	surprise	de emancipación
illogical	trust	ilógica
emancipation	anger	ilógica
emancipation	anticipation	ilógica
emancipation	disgust	emancipación
emancipation	fear	de emancipación
emancipation	joy	de emancipación
emancipation	negative	de emancipación
emancipation	positive	emancipación
emancipation	sadness	de emancipación
emancipation	surprise	de emancipación
emancipation	trust	de emancipación
hydrology	anger	hidrología
hydrology	anticipation	de hidrología
hydrology	disgust	de hidrología
hydrology	fear	de hidrología
hydrology	joy	hidrología
hydrology	negative	de hidrología
hydrology	positive	de hidrología
hydrology	sadness	de hidrología
hydrology	surprise	hidrología
hydrology	trust	de hidrología
insignificant	anger	insignificante
insignificant	anticipation	insignificante
insignificant	disgust	insignificante
insignificant	fear	insignificante
insignificant	joy	insignificante
insignificant	negative	insignificante
insignificant	positive	insignificante
insignificant	sadness	chocolate
insignificant	surprise	de chocolate
insignificant	trust	insignificante
chocolate	anger	insignificante
chocolate	anticipation	insignificante
chocolate	disgust	chocolate
chocolate	fear	de chocolate
chocolate	joy	de chocolate
chocolate	negative	de chocolate
chocolate	positive	chocolate
chocolate	sadness	de chocolate
chocolate	surprise	de chocolate
chocolate	trust	de chocolate
indent	anger	indent
indent	anticipation	indent
indent	disgust	indent
indent	fear	indent
indent	joy	indent
indent	negative	indent
indent	positive	indent
indent	sadness	indent
indent	surprise	indent
indent	trust	indent
savage	anger	savage
savage	anticipation	savage
savage	disgust	savage
savage	fear	savage
savage	joy	savage
savage	negative	savage
savage	positive	savage
savage	sadness	savage
savage	surprise	savage
savage	trust	savage
malfeasance	anger	malfeasance
malfeasance	anticipation	malfeasance
malfeasance	disgust	malfeasance
malfeasance	fear	malfeasance
malfeasance	joy	malfeasance
malfeasance	negative	malfeasance
malfeasance	positive	malfeasance
malfeasance	sadness	malfeasance
malfeasance	surprise	malfeasance
malfeasance	trust	malfeasance
dissect	anger	diseccionar
dissect	anticipation	diseccionar
dissect	disgust	diseccionar
dissect	fear	diseccionar
dissect	joy	diseccionar
dissect	negative	diseccionar
dissect	positive	diseccionar
dissect	sadness	diseccionar
dissect	surprise	diseccionar
dissect	trust	diseccionar
cryptic	anger	cryptic
cryptic	anticipation	cryptic
cryptic	disgust	cryptic
cryptic	fear	cryptic
cryptic	joy	cryptic
cryptic	negative	cryptic
cryptic	positive	cryptic
cryptic	sadness	cryptic
cryptic	surprise	cryptic
cryptic	trust	cryptic
bifurcation	anger	bifurcación
bifurcation	anticipation	de bifurcación
bifurcation	disgust	de bifurcación
bifurcation	fear	de bifurcación
bifurcation	joy	bifurcación
bifurcation	negative	de bifurcación
bifurcation	positive	de bifurcación
bifurcation	sadness	de bifurcación
bifurcation	surprise	pretendiente
bifurcation	trust	de pretendiente
beau	anger	de bifurcación
beau	anticipation	de bifurcación
beau	disgust	pretendiente
beau	fear	de pretendiente
beau	joy	de pretendiente
beau	negative	de pretendiente
beau	positive	pretendiente
beau	sadness	de pretendiente
beau	surprise	de pretendiente
beau	trust	de pretendiente
fake	anger	falsificación
fake	anticipation	de falsificación
fake	disgust	de falsificación
fake	fear	de falsificación
fake	joy	falsificación
fake	negative	de falsificación
fake	positive	de falsificación
fake	sadness	de falsificación
fake	surprise	falsificación
fake	trust	de falsificación
meticulous	anger	meticulous
meticulous	anticipation	meticulous
meticulous	disgust	meticulous
meticulous	fear	meticulous
meticulous	joy	meticulous
meticulous	negative	meticulous
meticulous	positive	meticulous
meticulous	sadness	meticulous
meticulous	surprise	meticulous
meticulous	trust	meticulous
stigma	anger	estigma
stigma	anticipation	de estigma
stigma	disgust	de estigma
stigma	fear	de estigma
stigma	joy	estigma
stigma	negative	de estigma
stigma	positive	de estigma
stigma	sadness	de estigma
stigma	surprise	estigma
stigma	trust	de estigma
renounce	anger	renuncia
renounce	anticipation	renunciar
renounce	disgust	renunciar
renounce	fear	renunciar
renounce	joy	renunciar
renounce	negative	renunciar
renounce	positive	renunciar
renounce	sadness	renunciar
renounce	surprise	renunciar
renounce	trust	renunciar
deferring	anger	deferring
deferring	anticipation	deferring
deferring	disgust	deferring
deferring	fear	deferring
deferring	joy	deferring
deferring	negative	deferring
deferring	positive	deferring
deferring	sadness	deferring
deferring	surprise	deferring
deferring	trust	deferring
heroic	anger	heroico
heroic	anticipation	heroico
heroic	disgust	heroico
heroic	fear	heroico
heroic	joy	heroico
heroic	negative	heroico
heroic	positive	heroico
heroic	sadness	radio
heroic	surprise	de radio
heroic	trust	heroico
radium	anger	heroico
radium	anticipation	heroico
radium	disgust	radio
radium	fear	de radio
radium	joy	de radio
radium	negative	de radio
radium	positive	radio
radium	sadness	de radio
radium	surprise	de radio
radium	trust	de radio
detain	anger	detiene
detain	anticipation	detener
detain	disgust	detener
detain	fear	detener
detain	joy	detener
detain	negative	detener
detain	positive	detener
detain	sadness	detener
detain	surprise	detener
detain	trust	detener
catching	anger	cogiendo
catching	anticipation	cogiendo
catching	disgust	cogiendo
catching	fear	cogiendo
catching	joy	cogiendo
catching	negative	cogiendo
catching	positive	cogiendo
catching	sadness	cogiendo
catching	surprise	cogiendo
catching	trust	cogiendo
guinea	anger	guinea
guinea	anticipation	guinea
guinea	disgust	guinea
guinea	fear	guinea
guinea	joy	guinea
guinea	negative	guinea
guinea	positive	guinea
guinea	sadness	guinea
guinea	surprise	guinea
guinea	trust	guinea
firearms	anger	firearms
firearms	anticipation	firearms
firearms	disgust	firearms
firearms	fear	firearms
firearms	joy	firearms
firearms	negative	firearms
firearms	positive	firearms
firearms	sadness	firearms
firearms	surprise	firearms
firearms	trust	firearms
invade	anger	invadir
invade	anticipation	invadir
invade	disgust	invadir
invade	fear	invadir
invade	joy	invadir
invade	negative	invadir
invade	positive	invadir
invade	sadness	invadir
invade	surprise	invadir
invade	trust	invadir
biblical	anger	bíblico
biblical	anticipation	bíblico
biblical	disgust	bíblico
biblical	fear	bíblico
biblical	joy	bíblico
biblical	negative	bíblico
biblical	positive	bíblico
biblical	sadness	gesto
biblical	surprise	de gesto
biblical	trust	bíblico
gesture	anger	bíblico
gesture	anticipation	bíblico
gesture	disgust	gesto
gesture	fear	de gesto
gesture	joy	de gesto
gesture	negative	de gesto
gesture	positive	gesto
gesture	sadness	de gesto
gesture	surprise	de gesto
gesture	trust	de gesto
atone	anger	atone
atone	anticipation	atone
atone	disgust	atone
atone	fear	atone
atone	joy	atone
atone	negative	atone
atone	positive	atone
atone	sadness	atone
atone	surprise	atone
atone	trust	atone
amalgam	anger	amalgama
amalgam	anticipation	de amalgama
amalgam	disgust	de amalgama
amalgam	fear	de amalgama
amalgam	joy	amalgama
amalgam	negative	de amalgama
amalgam	positive	de amalgama
amalgam	sadness	de amalgama
amalgam	surprise	amalgama
amalgam	trust	de amalgama
eyesight	anger	eyesight
eyesight	anticipation	eyesight
eyesight	disgust	eyesight
eyesight	fear	eyesight
eyesight	joy	eyesight
eyesight	negative	eyesight
eyesight	positive	eyesight
eyesight	sadness	eyesight
eyesight	surprise	eyesight
eyesight	trust	eyesight
madman	anger	madman
madman	anticipation	madman
madman	disgust	madman
madman	fear	madman
madman	joy	madman
madman	negative	madman
madman	positive	madman
madman	sadness	madman
madman	surprise	madman
madman	trust	madman
enable	anger	habilitar
enable	anticipation	habilitar
enable	disgust	habilitar
enable	fear	habilitar
enable	joy	habilitar
enable	negative	habilitar
enable	positive	habilitar
enable	sadness	habilitar
enable	surprise	habilitar
enable	trust	habilitar
sawdust	anger	serrín
sawdust	anticipation	de serrín
sawdust	disgust	de serrín
sawdust	fear	de serrín
sawdust	joy	serrín
sawdust	negative	de serrín
sawdust	positive	de serrín
sawdust	sadness	de serrín
sawdust	surprise	serrín
sawdust	trust	de serrín
prehistoric	anger	prehistórico
prehistoric	anticipation	prehistórico
prehistoric	disgust	prehistórico
prehistoric	fear	prehistórico
prehistoric	joy	prehistórico
prehistoric	negative	prehistórico
prehistoric	positive	prehistórico
prehistoric	sadness	prehistórico
prehistoric	surprise	prehistórico
prehistoric	trust	prehistórico
assuredly	anger	assuredly
assuredly	anticipation	assuredly
assuredly	disgust	assuredly
assuredly	fear	assuredly
assuredly	joy	assuredly
assuredly	negative	assuredly
assuredly	positive	assuredly
assuredly	sadness	assuredly
assuredly	surprise	assuredly
assuredly	trust	assuredly
airport	anger	aeropuerto
airport	anticipation	de aeropuerto
airport	disgust	de aeropuerto
airport	fear	de aeropuerto
airport	joy	aeropuerto
airport	negative	de aeropuerto
airport	positive	de aeropuerto
airport	sadness	de aeropuerto
airport	surprise	linfa
airport	trust	de linfa
lymph	anger	de aeropuerto
lymph	anticipation	de aeropuerto
lymph	disgust	linfa
lymph	fear	de linfa
lymph	joy	de linfa
lymph	negative	de linfa
lymph	positive	linfa
lymph	sadness	de linfa
lymph	surprise	de linfa
lymph	trust	de linfa
urge	anger	impulso
urge	anticipation	de impulso
urge	disgust	de impulso
urge	fear	de impulso
urge	joy	impulso
urge	negative	de impulso
urge	positive	de impulso
urge	sadness	de impulso
urge	surprise	renombre
urge	trust	de renombre
renown	anger	de impulso
renown	anticipation	de impulso
renown	disgust	renombre
renown	fear	de renombre
renown	joy	de renombre
renown	negative	de renombre
renown	positive	renombre
renown	sadness	de renombre
renown	surprise	de renombre
renown	trust	de renombre
especial	anger	especial
especial	anticipation	especial
especial	disgust	especial
especial	fear	especial
especial	joy	especial
especial	negative	especial
especial	positive	especial
especial	sadness	especial
especial	surprise	especial
especial	trust	especial
grammar	anger	gramática
grammar	anticipation	de gramática
grammar	disgust	de gramática
grammar	fear	de gramática
grammar	joy	gramática
grammar	negative	de gramática
grammar	positive	de gramática
grammar	sadness	de gramática
grammar	surprise	gramática
grammar	trust	de gramática
intermittent	anger	intermitente
intermittent	anticipation	intermitente
intermittent	disgust	intermitente
intermittent	fear	intermitente
intermittent	joy	intermitente
intermittent	negative	intermitente
intermittent	positive	intermitente
intermittent	sadness	dosis
intermittent	surprise	de dosis
intermittent	trust	intermitente
dose	anger	intermitente
dose	anticipation	intermitente
dose	disgust	dosis
dose	fear	de dosis
dose	joy	de dosis
dose	negative	de dosis
dose	positive	dosis
dose	sadness	de dosis
dose	surprise	de dosis
dose	trust	de dosis
piles	anger	pilas
piles	anticipation	de pilas
piles	disgust	de pilas
piles	fear	de pilas
piles	joy	pilas
piles	negative	de pilas
piles	positive	de pilas
piles	sadness	de pilas
piles	surprise	extracto
piles	trust	de extracto
extract	anger	de pilas
extract	anticipation	de pilas
extract	disgust	extracto
extract	fear	de extracto
extract	joy	de extracto
extract	negative	de extracto
extract	positive	extracto
extract	sadness	de extracto
extract	surprise	de extracto
extract	trust	de extracto
syncope	anger	syncope
syncope	anticipation	syncope
syncope	disgust	syncope
syncope	fear	syncope
syncope	joy	syncope
syncope	negative	syncope
syncope	positive	syncope
syncope	sadness	syncope
syncope	surprise	syncope
syncope	trust	syncope
sensory	anger	sensorial
sensory	anticipation	sensorial
sensory	disgust	sensorial
sensory	fear	sensorial
sensory	joy	sensorial
sensory	negative	sensorial
sensory	positive	sensorial
sensory	sadness	sensorial
sensory	surprise	sensorial
sensory	trust	sensorial
atmospheric	anger	atmosférico
atmospheric	anticipation	atmosférico
atmospheric	disgust	atmosférico
atmospheric	fear	atmosférico
atmospheric	joy	atmosférico
atmospheric	negative	atmosférico
atmospheric	positive	atmosférico
atmospheric	sadness	mezcla
atmospheric	surprise	de mezcla
atmospheric	trust	atmosférica
mixture	anger	atmosférica
mixture	anticipation	atmosférica
mixture	disgust	mezcla
mixture	fear	de mezcla
mixture	joy	de mezcla
mixture	negative	de mezcla
mixture	positive	mezcla
mixture	sadness	de mezcla
mixture	surprise	de mezcla
mixture	trust	de mezcla
rouser	anger	rouser
rouser	anticipation	rouser
rouser	disgust	rouser
rouser	fear	rouser
rouser	joy	rouser
rouser	negative	rouser
rouser	positive	rouser
rouser	sadness	rouser
rouser	surprise	rouser
rouser	trust	rouser
ferment	anger	fermentar
ferment	anticipation	fermentar
ferment	disgust	fermentar
ferment	fear	fermentar
ferment	joy	fermentar
ferment	negative	fermentar
ferment	positive	fermentar
ferment	sadness	fermentar
ferment	surprise	fermentar
ferment	trust	fermentar
collar	anger	cuello
collar	anticipation	de cuello
collar	disgust	de cuello
collar	fear	de cuello
collar	joy	cuello
collar	negative	de cuello
collar	positive	de cuello
collar	sadness	de cuello
collar	surprise	cuello
collar	trust	de cuello
seizure	anger	seizure
seizure	anticipation	seizure
seizure	disgust	seizure
seizure	fear	seizure
seizure	joy	seizure
seizure	negative	seizure
seizure	positive	seizure
seizure	sadness	seizure
seizure	surprise	seizure
seizure	trust	seizure
saturated	anger	saturado
saturated	anticipation	saturado
saturated	disgust	saturado
saturated	fear	saturado
saturated	joy	saturado
saturated	negative	saturado
saturated	positive	saturado
saturated	sadness	saturado
saturated	surprise	saturado
saturated	trust	saturado
continuing	anger	continuando
continuing	anticipation	continuando
continuing	disgust	continuando
continuing	fear	continuando
continuing	joy	continuando
continuing	negative	continuando
continuing	positive	continuando
continuing	sadness	continuando
continuing	surprise	continuando
continuing	trust	continuando
tether	anger	tether
tether	anticipation	tether
tether	disgust	tether
tether	fear	tether
tether	joy	tether
tether	negative	tether
tether	positive	tether
tether	sadness	tether
tether	surprise	tether
tether	trust	tether
dramatic	anger	dramático
dramatic	anticipation	dramático
dramatic	disgust	dramático
dramatic	fear	dramático
dramatic	joy	dramático
dramatic	negative	dramático
dramatic	positive	dramático
dramatic	sadness	seda
dramatic	surprise	de seda
dramatic	trust	dramática
silk	anger	dramática
silk	anticipation	dramática
silk	disgust	seda
silk	fear	de seda
silk	joy	de seda
silk	negative	de seda
silk	positive	seda
silk	sadness	de seda
silk	surprise	de seda
silk	trust	de seda
chaos	anger	caos
chaos	anticipation	de caos
chaos	disgust	de caos
chaos	fear	de caos
chaos	joy	caos
chaos	negative	de caos
chaos	positive	de caos
chaos	sadness	de caos
chaos	surprise	caos
chaos	trust	de caos
cohesive	anger	cohesive
cohesive	anticipation	cohesive
cohesive	disgust	cohesive
cohesive	fear	cohesive
cohesive	joy	cohesive
cohesive	negative	cohesive
cohesive	positive	cohesive
cohesive	sadness	cohesive
cohesive	surprise	cohesive
cohesive	trust	cohesive
vineyard	anger	viña
vineyard	anticipation	de viña
vineyard	disgust	de viña
vineyard	fear	de viña
vineyard	joy	viña
vineyard	negative	de viña
vineyard	positive	de viña
vineyard	sadness	de viña
vineyard	surprise	viña
vineyard	trust	de viña
transferred	anger	transfirió
transferred	anticipation	transferida
transferred	disgust	transfirió
transferred	fear	transferido
transferred	joy	transfirió
transferred	negative	transferido
transferred	positive	transfirió
transferred	sadness	transferido
transferred	surprise	transfirió
transferred	trust	transferido
erratum	anger	erratum
erratum	anticipation	erratum
erratum	disgust	erratum
erratum	fear	erratum
erratum	joy	erratum
erratum	negative	erratum
erratum	positive	erratum
erratum	sadness	erratum
erratum	surprise	erratum
erratum	trust	erratum
millionaire	anger	millonario
millionaire	anticipation	millonario
millionaire	disgust	millonario
millionaire	fear	millonario
millionaire	joy	millonario
millionaire	negative	millonario
millionaire	positive	millonario
millionaire	sadness	millonario
millionaire	surprise	millonario
millionaire	trust	millonario
renowned	anger	renombrado
renowned	anticipation	renombrado
renowned	disgust	renombrado
renowned	fear	renombrado
renowned	joy	renombrado
renowned	negative	renombrado
renowned	positive	renombrado
renowned	sadness	lava
renowned	surprise	de lava
renowned	trust	renombrada
lava	anger	renombrada
lava	anticipation	renombrada
lava	disgust	lava
lava	fear	de lava
lava	joy	de lava
lava	negative	de lava
lava	positive	lava
lava	sadness	de lava
lava	surprise	de lava
lava	trust	de lava
occult	anger	occult
occult	anticipation	occult
occult	disgust	occult
occult	fear	occult
occult	joy	occult
occult	negative	occult
occult	positive	occult
occult	sadness	occult
occult	surprise	occult
occult	trust	occult
cling	anger	aferrarse
cling	anticipation	aferrarse
cling	disgust	aferrarse
cling	fear	aferrarse
cling	joy	aferrarse
cling	negative	aferrarse
cling	positive	aferrarse
cling	sadness	aferrarse
cling	surprise	aferrarse
cling	trust	aferrarse
payback	anger	payback
payback	anticipation	payback
payback	disgust	payback
payback	fear	payback
payback	joy	payback
payback	negative	payback
payback	positive	payback
payback	sadness	payback
payback	surprise	payback
payback	trust	payback
damages	anger	los daños
damages	anticipation	avería
damages	disgust	los daños
damages	fear	avería
damages	joy	los daños
damages	negative	avería
damages	positive	los daños
damages	sadness	avería
damages	surprise	los daños
damages	trust	avería
honeysuckle	anger	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	anticipation	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	disgust	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	fear	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	joy	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	negative	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	positive	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	sadness	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	surprise	honeysuckle
honeysuckle	trust	honeysuckle
circulation	anger	circulación
circulation	anticipation	de circulación
circulation	disgust	de circulación
circulation	fear	de circulación
circulation	joy	circulación
circulation	negative	de circulación
circulation	positive	de circulación
circulation	sadness	de circulación
circulation	surprise	manifestación
circulation	trust	de manifestación
manifestation	anger	de circulación
manifestation	anticipation	de circulación
manifestation	disgust	manifestación
manifestation	fear	de manifestación
manifestation	joy	de manifestación
manifestation	negative	de manifestación
manifestation	positive	manifestación
manifestation	sadness	de manifestación
manifestation	surprise	de manifestación
manifestation	trust	de manifestación
pie	anger	pastel
pie	anticipation	de pastel
pie	disgust	de pastel
pie	fear	de pastel
pie	joy	pastel
pie	negative	de pastel
pie	positive	de pastel
pie	sadness	de pastel
pie	surprise	tranquilidad
pie	trust	de tranquilidad
reassurance	anger	de pastel
reassurance	anticipation	de pastel
reassurance	disgust	tranquilidad
reassurance	fear	de tranquilidad
reassurance	joy	de tranquilidad
reassurance	negative	de tranquilidad
reassurance	positive	tranquilidad
reassurance	sadness	de tranquilidad
reassurance	surprise	de tranquilidad
reassurance	trust	de tranquilidad
ascension	anger	ascension
ascension	anticipation	ascension
ascension	disgust	ascension
ascension	fear	ascension
ascension	joy	ascension
ascension	negative	ascension
ascension	positive	ascension
ascension	sadness	ascension
ascension	surprise	ascension
ascension	trust	ascension
hibernate	anger	hibernate
hibernate	anticipation	hibernate
hibernate	disgust	hibernate
hibernate	fear	hibernate
hibernate	joy	hibernate
hibernate	negative	hibernate
hibernate	positive	hibernate
hibernate	sadness	hibernate
hibernate	surprise	hibernate
hibernate	trust	hibernate
doe	anger	doe
doe	anticipation	doe
doe	disgust	doe
doe	fear	doe
doe	joy	doe
doe	negative	doe
doe	positive	doe
doe	sadness	doe
doe	surprise	doe
doe	trust	doe
abysmal	anger	abismal
abysmal	anticipation	abismal
abysmal	disgust	abismal
abysmal	fear	abismal
abysmal	joy	abismal
abysmal	negative	abismal
abysmal	positive	abismal
abysmal	sadness	abismal
abysmal	surprise	abismal
abysmal	trust	abismal
poop	anger	poop
poop	anticipation	poop
poop	disgust	poop
poop	fear	poop
poop	joy	poop
poop	negative	poop
poop	positive	poop
poop	sadness	poop
poop	surprise	poop
poop	trust	poop
inflorescence	anger	inflorescencia
inflorescence	anticipation	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	disgust	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	fear	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	joy	inflorescencia
inflorescence	negative	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	positive	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	sadness	de inflorescencia
inflorescence	surprise	inflorescencia
inflorescence	trust	de inflorescencia
therapeutics	anger	therapeutics
therapeutics	anticipation	therapeutics
therapeutics	disgust	therapeutics
therapeutics	fear	therapeutics
therapeutics	joy	therapeutics
therapeutics	negative	therapeutics
therapeutics	positive	therapeutics
therapeutics	sadness	therapeutics
therapeutics	surprise	therapeutics
therapeutics	trust	therapeutics
glossary	anger	glosario
glossary	anticipation	de glosario
glossary	disgust	de glosario
glossary	fear	de glosario
glossary	joy	glosario
glossary	negative	de glosario
glossary	positive	de glosario
glossary	sadness	de glosario
glossary	surprise	glosario
glossary	trust	de glosario
halve	anger	halve
halve	anticipation	halve
halve	disgust	halve
halve	fear	halve
halve	joy	halve
halve	negative	halve
halve	positive	halve
halve	sadness	halve
halve	surprise	halve
halve	trust	halve
beer	anger	cerveza
beer	anticipation	de cerveza
beer	disgust	de cerveza
beer	fear	de cerveza
beer	joy	cerveza
beer	negative	de cerveza
beer	positive	de cerveza
beer	sadness	de cerveza
beer	surprise	cerveza
beer	trust	de cerveza
piccolo	anger	piccolo
piccolo	anticipation	piccolo
piccolo	disgust	piccolo
piccolo	fear	piccolo
piccolo	joy	piccolo
piccolo	negative	piccolo
piccolo	positive	piccolo
piccolo	sadness	piccolo
piccolo	surprise	piccolo
piccolo	trust	piccolo
beetle	anger	escarabajo
beetle	anticipation	de escarabajo
beetle	disgust	de escarabajo
beetle	fear	de escarabajo
beetle	joy	escarabajo
beetle	negative	de escarabajo
beetle	positive	de escarabajo
beetle	sadness	de escarabajo
beetle	surprise	escarabajo
beetle	trust	de escarabajo
inject	anger	inyecta
inject	anticipation	inyectar
inject	disgust	inyectar
inject	fear	inyectar
inject	joy	inyectar
inject	negative	inyectar
inject	positive	inyectar
inject	sadness	inyectar
inject	surprise	inyectar
inject	trust	inyectar
verify	anger	verificar
verify	anticipation	verificar
verify	disgust	verificar
verify	fear	verificar
verify	joy	verificar
verify	negative	verificar
verify	positive	verificar
verify	sadness	verificar
verify	surprise	verificar
verify	trust	verificar
pyramid	anger	pirámide
pyramid	anticipation	de pirámide
pyramid	disgust	de pirámide
pyramid	fear	de pirámide
pyramid	joy	pirámide
pyramid	negative	de pirámide
pyramid	positive	de pirámide
pyramid	sadness	de pirámide
pyramid	surprise	pirámide
pyramid	trust	de pirámide
public	anger	pública
public	anticipation	público
public	disgust	público
public	fear	público
public	joy	público
public	negative	público
public	positive	público
public	sadness	práctica
public	surprise	de práctica
public	trust	pública
practise	anger	pública
practise	anticipation	pública
practise	disgust	práctica
practise	fear	de práctica
practise	joy	de práctica
practise	negative	de práctica
practise	positive	práctica
practise	sadness	de práctica
practise	surprise	de práctica
practise	trust	de práctica
notify	anger	notifica
notify	anticipation	notificar
notify	disgust	notificar
notify	fear	notificar
notify	joy	notificar
notify	negative	notificar
notify	positive	notificar
notify	sadness	notificar
notify	surprise	notificar
notify	trust	notificar
homologous	anger	homólogo
homologous	anticipation	homólogo
homologous	disgust	homólogo
homologous	fear	homólogo
homologous	joy	homólogo
homologous	negative	homólogo
homologous	positive	homólogo
homologous	sadness	homólogo
homologous	surprise	homólogo
homologous	trust	homólogo
meniscus	anger	meniscus
meniscus	anticipation	meniscus
meniscus	disgust	meniscus
meniscus	fear	meniscus
meniscus	joy	meniscus
meniscus	negative	meniscus
meniscus	positive	meniscus
meniscus	sadness	meniscus
meniscus	surprise	meniscus
meniscus	trust	meniscus
elaboration	anger	elaboration
elaboration	anticipation	elaboration
elaboration	disgust	elaboration
elaboration	fear	elaboration
elaboration	joy	elaboration
elaboration	negative	elaboration
elaboration	positive	elaboration
elaboration	sadness	elaboration
elaboration	surprise	elaboration
elaboration	trust	elaboration
ingredient	anger	ingrediente
ingredient	anticipation	de ingrediente
ingredient	disgust	de ingrediente
ingredient	fear	de ingrediente
ingredient	joy	ingrediente
ingredient	negative	de ingrediente
ingredient	positive	de ingrediente
ingredient	sadness	de ingrediente
ingredient	surprise	ingrediente
ingredient	trust	de ingrediente
humbled	anger	humbled
humbled	anticipation	humbled
humbled	disgust	humbled
humbled	fear	humbled
humbled	joy	humbled
humbled	negative	humbled
humbled	positive	humbled
humbled	sadness	humbled
humbled	surprise	humbled
humbled	trust	humbled
stale	anger	stale
stale	anticipation	stale
stale	disgust	stale
stale	fear	stale
stale	joy	stale
stale	negative	stale
stale	positive	stale
stale	sadness	stale
stale	surprise	stale
stale	trust	stale
uninspired	anger	uninspired
uninspired	anticipation	uninspired
uninspired	disgust	uninspired
uninspired	fear	uninspired
uninspired	joy	uninspired
uninspired	negative	uninspired
uninspired	positive	uninspired
uninspired	sadness	uninspired
uninspired	surprise	uninspired
uninspired	trust	uninspired
pattern	anger	patrón
pattern	anticipation	de patrón
pattern	disgust	de patrón
pattern	fear	de patrón
pattern	joy	patrón
pattern	negative	de patrón
pattern	positive	de patrón
pattern	sadness	de patrón
pattern	surprise	patrón
pattern	trust	de patrón
fully	anger	plenamente
fully	anticipation	plenamente
fully	disgust	plenamente
fully	fear	plenamente
fully	joy	plenamente
fully	negative	plenamente
fully	positive	plenamente
fully	sadness	plenamente
fully	surprise	plenamente
fully	trust	plenamente
pundit	anger	pundit
pundit	anticipation	pundit
pundit	disgust	pundit
pundit	fear	pundit
pundit	joy	pundit
pundit	negative	pundit
pundit	positive	pundit
pundit	sadness	pundit
pundit	surprise	pundit
pundit	trust	pundit
soothing	anger	amansando
soothing	anticipation	amansando
soothing	disgust	amansando
soothing	fear	amansando
soothing	joy	amansando
soothing	negative	amansando
soothing	positive	amansando
soothing	sadness	amansando
soothing	surprise	amansando
soothing	trust	amansando
scissors	anger	tijeras
scissors	anticipation	de tijeras
scissors	disgust	de tijeras
scissors	fear	de tijeras
scissors	joy	tijeras
scissors	negative	de tijeras
scissors	positive	de tijeras
scissors	sadness	de tijeras
scissors	surprise	tijeras
scissors	trust	de tijeras
essentially	anger	esencialmente
essentially	anticipation	esencialmente
essentially	disgust	esencialmente
essentially	fear	esencialmente
essentially	joy	esencialmente
essentially	negative	esencialmente
essentially	positive	esencialmente
essentially	sadness	esencialmente
essentially	surprise	esencialmente
essentially	trust	esencialmente
lavish	anger	lavish
lavish	anticipation	lavish
lavish	disgust	lavish
lavish	fear	lavish
lavish	joy	lavish
lavish	negative	lavish
lavish	positive	lavish
lavish	sadness	lavish
lavish	surprise	lavish
lavish	trust	lavish
asshole	anger	asshole
asshole	anticipation	asshole
asshole	disgust	asshole
asshole	fear	asshole
asshole	joy	asshole
asshole	negative	asshole
asshole	positive	asshole
asshole	sadness	asshole
asshole	surprise	asshole
asshole	trust	asshole
credentials	anger	credentials
credentials	anticipation	credentials
credentials	disgust	credentials
credentials	fear	credentials
credentials	joy	credentials
credentials	negative	credentials
credentials	positive	credentials
credentials	sadness	credentials
credentials	surprise	credentials
credentials	trust	credentials
cynic	anger	cynic
cynic	anticipation	cynic
cynic	disgust	cynic
cynic	fear	cynic
cynic	joy	cynic
cynic	negative	cynic
cynic	positive	cynic
cynic	sadness	cynic
cynic	surprise	cynic
cynic	trust	cynic
gambler	anger	gambler
gambler	anticipation	gambler
gambler	disgust	gambler
gambler	fear	gambler
gambler	joy	gambler
gambler	negative	gambler
gambler	positive	gambler
gambler	sadness	gambler
gambler	surprise	gambler
gambler	trust	gambler
skating	anger	patinaje
skating	anticipation	de patinaje
skating	disgust	de patinaje
skating	fear	de patinaje
skating	joy	patinaje
skating	negative	de patinaje
skating	positive	de patinaje
skating	sadness	de patinaje
skating	surprise	el patinaje que
skating	trust	patina
quaternary	anger	cuaternario
quaternary	anticipation	cuaternario
quaternary	disgust	cuaternario
quaternary	fear	cuaternario
quaternary	joy	cuaternario
quaternary	negative	cuaternario
quaternary	positive	cuaternario
quaternary	sadness	tractor
quaternary	surprise	de tractor
quaternary	trust	cuaternario
tractor	anger	cuaternario
tractor	anticipation	cuaternario
tractor	disgust	tractor
tractor	fear	de tractor
tractor	joy	de tractor
tractor	negative	de tractor
tractor	positive	tractor
tractor	sadness	de tractor
tractor	surprise	de tractor
tractor	trust	de tractor
day	anger	día
day	anticipation	de día
day	disgust	de día
day	fear	de día
day	joy	día
day	negative	de día
day	positive	de día
day	sadness	de día
day	surprise	equivalencia
day	trust	de equivalencia
equivalence	anger	de día
equivalence	anticipation	de día
equivalence	disgust	equivalencia
equivalence	fear	de equivalencia
equivalence	joy	de equivalencia
equivalence	negative	de equivalencia
equivalence	positive	equivalencia
equivalence	sadness	de equivalencia
equivalence	surprise	de equivalencia
equivalence	trust	de equivalencia
pedigree	anger	pedigrí
pedigree	anticipation	de pedigrí
pedigree	disgust	de pedigrí
pedigree	fear	de pedigrí
pedigree	joy	pedigrí
pedigree	negative	de pedigrí
pedigree	positive	de pedigrí
pedigree	sadness	de pedigrí
pedigree	surprise	antecedente
pedigree	trust	de antecedente
antecedent	anger	de pedigrí
antecedent	anticipation	de pedigrí
antecedent	disgust	antecedente
antecedent	fear	de antecedente
antecedent	joy	de antecedente
antecedent	negative	de antecedente
antecedent	positive	antecedente
antecedent	sadness	de antecedente
antecedent	surprise	de antecedente
antecedent	trust	de antecedente
concise	anger	conciso
concise	anticipation	conciso
concise	disgust	conciso
concise	fear	conciso
concise	joy	conciso
concise	negative	conciso
concise	positive	conciso
concise	sadness	conciso
concise	surprise	conciso
concise	trust	conciso
exceeding	anger	superando
exceeding	anticipation	superando
exceeding	disgust	superando
exceeding	fear	superando
exceeding	joy	superando
exceeding	negative	superando
exceeding	positive	superando
exceeding	sadness	superando
exceeding	surprise	superando
exceeding	trust	superando
orc	anger	orco
orc	anticipation	de orco
orc	disgust	de orco
orc	fear	de orco
orc	joy	orco
orc	negative	de orco
orc	positive	de orco
orc	sadness	de orco
orc	surprise	orco
orc	trust	de orco
bathe	anger	baña
bathe	anticipation	bañar
bathe	disgust	bañar
bathe	fear	bañar
bathe	joy	bañar
bathe	negative	bañar
bathe	positive	bañar
bathe	sadness	bañar
bathe	surprise	bañar
bathe	trust	bañar
operatic	anger	operístico
operatic	anticipation	operístico
operatic	disgust	operístico
operatic	fear	operístico
operatic	joy	operístico
operatic	negative	operístico
operatic	positive	operístico
operatic	sadness	ingeniero
operatic	surprise	de ingeniero
operatic	trust	operístico
engineer	anger	operístico
engineer	anticipation	operístico
engineer	disgust	ingeniero
engineer	fear	de ingeniero
engineer	joy	de ingeniero
engineer	negative	de ingeniero
engineer	positive	ingeniero
engineer	sadness	de ingeniero
engineer	surprise	de ingeniero
engineer	trust	de ingeniero
whiteness	anger	blancura
whiteness	anticipation	de blancura
whiteness	disgust	de blancura
whiteness	fear	de blancura
whiteness	joy	blancura
whiteness	negative	de blancura
whiteness	positive	de blancura
whiteness	sadness	de blancura
whiteness	surprise	blancura
whiteness	trust	de blancura
screwdriver	anger	screwdriver
screwdriver	anticipation	screwdriver
screwdriver	disgust	screwdriver
screwdriver	fear	screwdriver
screwdriver	joy	screwdriver
screwdriver	negative	screwdriver
screwdriver	positive	screwdriver
screwdriver	sadness	screwdriver
screwdriver	surprise	screwdriver
screwdriver	trust	screwdriver
counselor	anger	counselor
counselor	anticipation	counselor
counselor	disgust	counselor
counselor	fear	counselor
counselor	joy	counselor
counselor	negative	counselor
counselor	positive	counselor
counselor	sadness	counselor
counselor	surprise	counselor
counselor	trust	counselor
locomotion	anger	locomoción
locomotion	anticipation	de locomoción
locomotion	disgust	de locomoción
locomotion	fear	de locomoción
locomotion	joy	locomoción
locomotion	negative	de locomoción
locomotion	positive	de locomoción
locomotion	sadness	de locomoción
locomotion	surprise	locomoción
locomotion	trust	de locomoción
mercantile	anger	mercantil
mercantile	anticipation	mercantil
mercantile	disgust	mercantil
mercantile	fear	mercantil
mercantile	joy	mercantil
mercantile	negative	mercantil
mercantile	positive	mercantil
mercantile	sadness	mercantil
mercantile	surprise	mercantil
mercantile	trust	mercantil
soreness	anger	soreness
soreness	anticipation	soreness
soreness	disgust	soreness
soreness	fear	soreness
soreness	joy	soreness
soreness	negative	soreness
soreness	positive	soreness
soreness	sadness	soreness
soreness	surprise	soreness
soreness	trust	soreness
huddle	anger	huddle
huddle	anticipation	huddle
huddle	disgust	huddle
huddle	fear	huddle
huddle	joy	huddle
huddle	negative	huddle
huddle	positive	huddle
huddle	sadness	huddle
huddle	surprise	huddle
huddle	trust	huddle
sneeze	anger	estornudo
sneeze	anticipation	de estornudo
sneeze	disgust	de estornudo
sneeze	fear	de estornudo
sneeze	joy	estornudo
sneeze	negative	de estornudo
sneeze	positive	de estornudo
sneeze	sadness	de estornudo
sneeze	surprise	viaducto
sneeze	trust	de viaducto
viaduct	anger	de estornudo
viaduct	anticipation	de estornudo
viaduct	disgust	viaducto
viaduct	fear	de viaducto
viaduct	joy	de viaducto
viaduct	negative	de viaducto
viaduct	positive	viaducto
viaduct	sadness	de viaducto
viaduct	surprise	de viaducto
viaduct	trust	de viaducto
trashy	anger	trashy
trashy	anticipation	trashy
trashy	disgust	trashy
trashy	fear	trashy
trashy	joy	trashy
trashy	negative	trashy
trashy	positive	trashy
trashy	sadness	trashy
trashy	surprise	trashy
trashy	trust	trashy
vacuolar	anger	vacuolar
vacuolar	anticipation	vacuolar
vacuolar	disgust	vacuolar
vacuolar	fear	vacuolar
vacuolar	joy	vacuolar
vacuolar	negative	vacuolar
vacuolar	positive	vacuolar
vacuolar	sadness	vacuolar
vacuolar	surprise	vacuolar
vacuolar	trust	vacuolar
energetic	anger	energético
energetic	anticipation	energético
energetic	disgust	energético
energetic	fear	energético
energetic	joy	energético
energetic	negative	energético
energetic	positive	energético
energetic	sadness	bardo
energetic	surprise	de bardo
energetic	trust	energético
bard	anger	energético
bard	anticipation	energético
bard	disgust	bardo
bard	fear	de bardo
bard	joy	de bardo
bard	negative	de bardo
bard	positive	bardo
bard	sadness	de bardo
bard	surprise	de bardo
bard	trust	de bardo
eleven	anger	once
eleven	anticipation	once
eleven	disgust	once
eleven	fear	once
eleven	joy	once
eleven	negative	once
eleven	positive	once
eleven	sadness	once
eleven	surprise	once
eleven	trust	once
inlay	anger	inlay
inlay	anticipation	inlay
inlay	disgust	inlay
inlay	fear	inlay
inlay	joy	inlay
inlay	negative	inlay
inlay	positive	inlay
inlay	sadness	inlay
inlay	surprise	inlay
inlay	trust	inlay
scientist	anger	científico
scientist	anticipation	de científico
scientist	disgust	de científico
scientist	fear	de científico
scientist	joy	científico
scientist	negative	de científico
scientist	positive	de científico
scientist	sadness	de científico
scientist	surprise	contravención
scientist	trust	de contravención
infringement	anger	de científico
infringement	anticipation	de científico
infringement	disgust	contravención
infringement	fear	de contravención
infringement	joy	de contravención
infringement	negative	de contravención
infringement	positive	contravención
infringement	sadness	de contravención
infringement	surprise	de contravención
infringement	trust	de contravención
imagination	anger	imaginación
imagination	anticipation	de imaginación
imagination	disgust	de imaginación
imagination	fear	de imaginación
imagination	joy	imaginación
imagination	negative	de imaginación
imagination	positive	de imaginación
imagination	sadness	de imaginación
imagination	surprise	librero
imagination	trust	de librero
bookseller	anger	de imaginación
bookseller	anticipation	de imaginación
bookseller	disgust	librero
bookseller	fear	de librero
bookseller	joy	de librero
bookseller	negative	de librero
bookseller	positive	librero
bookseller	sadness	de librero
bookseller	surprise	de librero
bookseller	trust	de librero
illness	anger	enfermedad
illness	anticipation	de enfermedad
illness	disgust	de enfermedad
illness	fear	de enfermedad
illness	joy	enfermedad
illness	negative	de enfermedad
illness	positive	de enfermedad
illness	sadness	de enfermedad
illness	surprise	enfermedad
illness	trust	de enfermedad
impart	anger	imparte
impart	anticipation	impartir
impart	disgust	impartir
impart	fear	impartir
impart	joy	impartir
impart	negative	impartir
impart	positive	impartir
impart	sadness	impartir
impart	surprise	impartir
impart	trust	impartir
reed	anger	reed
reed	anticipation	reed
reed	disgust	reed
reed	fear	reed
reed	joy	reed
reed	negative	reed
reed	positive	reed
reed	sadness	reed
reed	surprise	reed
reed	trust	reed
tallies	anger	cuentas
tallies	anticipation	de cuentas
tallies	disgust	de cuentas
tallies	fear	de cuentas
tallies	joy	cuentas
tallies	negative	de cuentas
tallies	positive	de cuentas
tallies	sadness	de cuentas
tallies	surprise	cuentas
tallies	trust	de cuentas
morsel	anger	morsel
morsel	anticipation	morsel
morsel	disgust	morsel
morsel	fear	morsel
morsel	joy	morsel
morsel	negative	morsel
morsel	positive	morsel
morsel	sadness	morsel
morsel	surprise	morsel
morsel	trust	morsel
style	anger	estilo
style	anticipation	de estilo
style	disgust	de estilo
style	fear	de estilo
style	joy	estilo
style	negative	de estilo
style	positive	de estilo
style	sadness	de estilo
style	surprise	reumatismo
style	trust	de reumatismo
rheumatism	anger	de estilo
rheumatism	anticipation	de estilo
rheumatism	disgust	reumatismo
rheumatism	fear	de reumatismo
rheumatism	joy	de reumatismo
rheumatism	negative	de reumatismo
rheumatism	positive	reumatismo
rheumatism	sadness	de reumatismo
rheumatism	surprise	de reumatismo
rheumatism	trust	de reumatismo
gimp	anger	gimp
gimp	anticipation	gimp
gimp	disgust	gimp
gimp	fear	gimp
gimp	joy	gimp
gimp	negative	gimp
gimp	positive	gimp
gimp	sadness	gimp
gimp	surprise	gimp
gimp	trust	gimp
path	anger	camino
path	anticipation	de camino
path	disgust	de camino
path	fear	de camino
path	joy	camino
path	negative	de camino
path	positive	de camino
path	sadness	de camino
path	surprise	camino
path	trust	de camino
stout	anger	stout
stout	anticipation	stout
stout	disgust	stout
stout	fear	stout
stout	joy	stout
stout	negative	stout
stout	positive	stout
stout	sadness	stout
stout	surprise	stout
stout	trust	stout
costume	anger	traje
costume	anticipation	de traje
costume	disgust	de traje
costume	fear	de traje
costume	joy	traje
costume	negative	de traje
costume	positive	de traje
costume	sadness	de traje
costume	surprise	agujero
costume	trust	de agujero
hole	anger	de traje
hole	anticipation	de traje
hole	disgust	agujero
hole	fear	de agujero
hole	joy	de agujero
hole	negative	de agujero
hole	positive	agujero
hole	sadness	de agujero
hole	surprise	de agujero
hole	trust	de agujero
signal	anger	señal
signal	anticipation	de señal
signal	disgust	de señal
signal	fear	de señal
signal	joy	señal
signal	negative	de señal
signal	positive	de señal
signal	sadness	de señal
signal	surprise	accesorio
signal	trust	de accesorio
accessory	anger	de señal
accessory	anticipation	de señal
accessory	disgust	accesorio
accessory	fear	de accesorio
accessory	joy	de accesorio
accessory	negative	de accesorio
accessory	positive	accesorio
accessory	sadness	de accesorio
accessory	surprise	de accesorio
accessory	trust	de accesorio
tighten	anger	aprieta
tighten	anticipation	apretar
tighten	disgust	apretar
tighten	fear	apretar
tighten	joy	apretar
tighten	negative	apretar
tighten	positive	apretar
tighten	sadness	apretar
tighten	surprise	apretar
tighten	trust	apretar
broker	anger	broker
broker	anticipation	broker
broker	disgust	broker
broker	fear	broker
broker	joy	broker
broker	negative	broker
broker	positive	broker
broker	sadness	broker
broker	surprise	broker
broker	trust	broker
exacerbation	anger	exacerbation
exacerbation	anticipation	exacerbation
exacerbation	disgust	exacerbation
exacerbation	fear	exacerbation
exacerbation	joy	exacerbation
exacerbation	negative	exacerbation
exacerbation	positive	exacerbation
exacerbation	sadness	exacerbation
exacerbation	surprise	exacerbation
exacerbation	trust	exacerbation
pin	anger	alfiler
pin	anticipation	de alfiler
pin	disgust	de alfiler
pin	fear	de alfiler
pin	joy	alfiler
pin	negative	de alfiler
pin	positive	de alfiler
pin	sadness	de alfiler
pin	surprise	alfiler
pin	trust	de alfiler
condone	anger	condona
condone	anticipation	condonar
condone	disgust	condonar
condone	fear	condonar
condone	joy	condonar
condone	negative	condonar
condone	positive	condonar
condone	sadness	condonar
condone	surprise	condonar
condone	trust	condonar
farcical	anger	farcical
farcical	anticipation	farcical
farcical	disgust	farcical
farcical	fear	farcical
farcical	joy	farcical
farcical	negative	farcical
farcical	positive	farcical
farcical	sadness	farcical
farcical	surprise	farcical
farcical	trust	farcical
pocket	anger	bolsillo
pocket	anticipation	de bolsillo
pocket	disgust	de bolsillo
pocket	fear	de bolsillo
pocket	joy	bolsillo
pocket	negative	de bolsillo
pocket	positive	de bolsillo
pocket	sadness	de bolsillo
pocket	surprise	bolsillo
pocket	trust	de bolsillo
chuckle	anger	chuckle
chuckle	anticipation	chuckle
chuckle	disgust	chuckle
chuckle	fear	chuckle
chuckle	joy	chuckle
chuckle	negative	chuckle
chuckle	positive	chuckle
chuckle	sadness	chuckle
chuckle	surprise	chuckle
chuckle	trust	chuckle
advantage	anger	ventaja
advantage	anticipation	de ventaja
advantage	disgust	de ventaja
advantage	fear	de ventaja
advantage	joy	ventaja
advantage	negative	de ventaja
advantage	positive	de ventaja
advantage	sadness	de ventaja
advantage	surprise	ventaja
advantage	trust	de ventaja
multiply	anger	multiplica
multiply	anticipation	multiplicar
multiply	disgust	multiplicar
multiply	fear	multiplicar
multiply	joy	multiplicar
multiply	negative	multiplicar
multiply	positive	multiplicar
multiply	sadness	multiplicar
multiply	surprise	multiplicar
multiply	trust	multiplicar
gouge	anger	gubia
gouge	anticipation	de gubia
gouge	disgust	de gubia
gouge	fear	de gubia
gouge	joy	gubia
gouge	negative	de gubia
gouge	positive	de gubia
gouge	sadness	de gubia
gouge	surprise	gubia
gouge	trust	de gubia
debatable	anger	discutible
debatable	anticipation	discutible
debatable	disgust	discutible
debatable	fear	discutible
debatable	joy	discutible
debatable	negative	discutible
debatable	positive	discutible
debatable	sadness	discutible
debatable	surprise	discutible
debatable	trust	discutible
darkly	anger	darkly
darkly	anticipation	darkly
darkly	disgust	darkly
darkly	fear	darkly
darkly	joy	darkly
darkly	negative	darkly
darkly	positive	darkly
darkly	sadness	darkly
darkly	surprise	darkly
darkly	trust	darkly
orthogonal	anger	ortogonal
orthogonal	anticipation	ortogonal
orthogonal	disgust	ortogonal
orthogonal	fear	ortogonal
orthogonal	joy	ortogonal
orthogonal	negative	ortogonal
orthogonal	positive	ortogonal
orthogonal	sadness	ortogonal
orthogonal	surprise	ortogonal
orthogonal	trust	ortogonal
collateral	anger	colateral
collateral	anticipation	colateral
collateral	disgust	colateral
collateral	fear	colateral
collateral	joy	colateral
collateral	negative	colateral
collateral	positive	colateral
collateral	sadness	recesión
collateral	surprise	de recesión
collateral	trust	colateral
slump	anger	colateral
slump	anticipation	colateral
slump	disgust	recesión
slump	fear	de recesión
slump	joy	de recesión
slump	negative	de recesión
slump	positive	recesión
slump	sadness	de recesión
slump	surprise	de recesión
slump	trust	de recesión
compact	anger	compacta
compact	anticipation	compacta
compact	disgust	compacto
compact	fear	compacto
compact	joy	compacto
compact	negative	compacto
compact	positive	compacto
compact	sadness	compacto
compact	surprise	compacto
compact	trust	compacto
television	anger	televisivo
television	anticipation	televisivo
television	disgust	televisivo
television	fear	televisivo
television	joy	televisivo
television	negative	televisivo
television	positive	televisivo
television	sadness	televisivo
television	surprise	televisivo
television	trust	televisivo
ludicrous	anger	ludicrous
ludicrous	anticipation	ludicrous
ludicrous	disgust	ludicrous
ludicrous	fear	ludicrous
ludicrous	joy	ludicrous
ludicrous	negative	ludicrous
ludicrous	positive	ludicrous
ludicrous	sadness	ludicrous
ludicrous	surprise	ludicrous
ludicrous	trust	ludicrous
dive	anger	zambullimiento
dive	anticipation	de zambullimiento
dive	disgust	de zambullimiento
dive	fear	de zambullimiento
dive	joy	zambullimiento
dive	negative	de zambullimiento
dive	positive	de zambullimiento
dive	sadness	de zambullimiento
dive	surprise	zambullimiento
dive	trust	de zambullimiento
ethics	anger	ethics
ethics	anticipation	ethics
ethics	disgust	ethics
ethics	fear	ethics
ethics	joy	ethics
ethics	negative	ethics
ethics	positive	ethics
ethics	sadness	ethics
ethics	surprise	ethics
ethics	trust	ethics
prohibitive	anger	prohibitive
prohibitive	anticipation	prohibitive
prohibitive	disgust	prohibitive
prohibitive	fear	prohibitive
prohibitive	joy	prohibitive
prohibitive	negative	prohibitive
prohibitive	positive	prohibitive
prohibitive	sadness	prohibitive
prohibitive	surprise	prohibitive
prohibitive	trust	prohibitive
mange	anger	mange
mange	anticipation	mange
mange	disgust	mange
mange	fear	mange
mange	joy	mange
mange	negative	mange
mange	positive	mange
mange	sadness	mange
mange	surprise	mange
mange	trust	mange
scan	anger	escáner
scan	anticipation	de escáner
scan	disgust	de escáner
scan	fear	de escáner
scan	joy	escáner
scan	negative	de escáner
scan	positive	de escáner
scan	sadness	de escáner
scan	surprise	escáner
scan	trust	de escáner
ruth	anger	ruth
ruth	anticipation	ruth
ruth	disgust	ruth
ruth	fear	ruth
ruth	joy	ruth
ruth	negative	ruth
ruth	positive	ruth
ruth	sadness	ruth
ruth	surprise	ruth
ruth	trust	ruth
meridian	anger	meridiano
meridian	anticipation	meridiano
meridian	disgust	meridiano
meridian	fear	meridiano
meridian	joy	meridiano
meridian	negative	meridiano
meridian	positive	meridiano
meridian	sadness	meridiano
meridian	surprise	meridiano
meridian	trust	meridiano
glut	anger	glut
glut	anticipation	glut
glut	disgust	glut
glut	fear	glut
glut	joy	glut
glut	negative	glut
glut	positive	glut
glut	sadness	glut
glut	surprise	glut
glut	trust	glut
embassy	anger	embajada
embassy	anticipation	de embajada
embassy	disgust	de embajada
embassy	fear	de embajada
embassy	joy	embajada
embassy	negative	de embajada
embassy	positive	de embajada
embassy	sadness	de embajada
embassy	surprise	embajada
embassy	trust	de embajada
juggle	anger	juggle
juggle	anticipation	juggle
juggle	disgust	juggle
juggle	fear	juggle
juggle	joy	juggle
juggle	negative	juggle
juggle	positive	juggle
juggle	sadness	juggle
juggle	surprise	juggle
juggle	trust	juggle
sale	anger	venta
sale	anticipation	de venta
sale	disgust	de venta
sale	fear	de venta
sale	joy	venta
sale	negative	de venta
sale	positive	de venta
sale	sadness	de venta
sale	surprise	harén
sale	trust	de harén
harem	anger	de venta
harem	anticipation	de venta
harem	disgust	harén
harem	fear	de harén
harem	joy	de harén
harem	negative	de harén
harem	positive	harén
harem	sadness	de harén
harem	surprise	de harén
harem	trust	de harén
humorous	anger	humorístico
humorous	anticipation	humorístico
humorous	disgust	humorístico
humorous	fear	humorístico
humorous	joy	humorístico
humorous	negative	humorístico
humorous	positive	humorístico
humorous	sadness	humorístico
humorous	surprise	humorístico
humorous	trust	humorístico
whet	anger	whet
whet	anticipation	whet
whet	disgust	whet
whet	fear	whet
whet	joy	whet
whet	negative	whet
whet	positive	whet
whet	sadness	whet
whet	surprise	whet
whet	trust	whet
prophecy	anger	prophecy
prophecy	anticipation	prophecy
prophecy	disgust	prophecy
prophecy	fear	prophecy
prophecy	joy	prophecy
prophecy	negative	prophecy
prophecy	positive	prophecy
prophecy	sadness	prophecy
prophecy	surprise	prophecy
prophecy	trust	prophecy
admitted	anger	admitió
admitted	anticipation	admitido
admitted	disgust	admitió
admitted	fear	admitido
admitted	joy	admitió
admitted	negative	admitido
admitted	positive	admitió
admitted	sadness	admitido
admitted	surprise	admitió
admitted	trust	admitido
enslaved	anger	esclavizado
enslaved	anticipation	esclavizado
enslaved	disgust	esclavizado
enslaved	fear	esclavizado
enslaved	joy	esclavizado
enslaved	negative	esclavizado
enslaved	positive	esclavizado
enslaved	sadness	elfo
enslaved	surprise	de elfo
enslaved	trust	esclavizado
elf	anger	esclavizado
elf	anticipation	esclavizado
elf	disgust	elfo
elf	fear	de elfo
elf	joy	de elfo
elf	negative	de elfo
elf	positive	elfo
elf	sadness	de elfo
elf	surprise	de elfo
elf	trust	de elfo
surroundings	anger	entorno
surroundings	anticipation	de entorno
surroundings	disgust	de entorno
surroundings	fear	de entorno
surroundings	joy	entorno
surroundings	negative	de entorno
surroundings	positive	de entorno
surroundings	sadness	de entorno
surroundings	surprise	entorno
surroundings	trust	de entorno
intact	anger	intacto
intact	anticipation	intacto
intact	disgust	intacto
intact	fear	intacto
intact	joy	intacto
intact	negative	intacto
intact	positive	intacto
intact	sadness	tranvía
intact	surprise	de tranvía
intact	trust	intacto
tram	anger	intacto
tram	anticipation	intacto
tram	disgust	tranvía
tram	fear	de tranvía
tram	joy	de tranvía
tram	negative	de tranvía
tram	positive	tranvía
tram	sadness	de tranvía
tram	surprise	de tranvía
tram	trust	de tranvía
nonresident	anger	nonresident
nonresident	anticipation	nonresident
nonresident	disgust	nonresident
nonresident	fear	nonresident
nonresident	joy	nonresident
nonresident	negative	nonresident
nonresident	positive	nonresident
nonresident	sadness	nonresident
nonresident	surprise	nonresident
nonresident	trust	nonresident
radar	anger	radar
radar	anticipation	de radar
radar	disgust	de radar
radar	fear	de radar
radar	joy	radar
radar	negative	de radar
radar	positive	de radar
radar	sadness	de radar
radar	surprise	radar
radar	trust	de radar
upper	anger	superior
upper	anticipation	superior
upper	disgust	superior
upper	fear	superior
upper	joy	superior
upper	negative	superior
upper	positive	superior
upper	sadness	superior
upper	surprise	superior
upper	trust	superior
polio	anger	polio
polio	anticipation	polio
polio	disgust	polio
polio	fear	polio
polio	joy	polio
polio	negative	polio
polio	positive	polio
polio	sadness	polio
polio	surprise	polio
polio	trust	polio
lasting	anger	duradero
lasting	anticipation	duradero
lasting	disgust	duradero
lasting	fear	duradero
lasting	joy	duradero
lasting	negative	duradero
lasting	positive	duradero
lasting	sadness	duradero
lasting	surprise	duradero
lasting	trust	duradero
wooden	anger	de madera
wooden	anticipation	de madera
wooden	disgust	de madera
wooden	fear	de madera
wooden	joy	de madera
wooden	negative	de madera
wooden	positive	de madera
wooden	sadness	de madera
wooden	surprise	de madera
wooden	trust	de madera
pestilence	anger	pestilence
pestilence	anticipation	pestilence
pestilence	disgust	pestilence
pestilence	fear	pestilence
pestilence	joy	pestilence
pestilence	negative	pestilence
pestilence	positive	pestilence
pestilence	sadness	pestilence
pestilence	surprise	pestilence
pestilence	trust	pestilence
bode	anger	bode
bode	anticipation	bode
bode	disgust	bode
bode	fear	bode
bode	joy	bode
bode	negative	bode
bode	positive	bode
bode	sadness	bode
bode	surprise	bode
bode	trust	bode
parable	anger	parable
parable	anticipation	parable
parable	disgust	parable
parable	fear	parable
parable	joy	parable
parable	negative	parable
parable	positive	parable
parable	sadness	parable
parable	surprise	parable
parable	trust	parable
amplify	anger	amplificar
amplify	anticipation	amplificar
amplify	disgust	amplificar
amplify	fear	amplificar
amplify	joy	amplificar
amplify	negative	amplificar
amplify	positive	amplificar
amplify	sadness	amplificar
amplify	surprise	amplificar
amplify	trust	amplificar
meditation	anger	meditación
meditation	anticipation	de meditación
meditation	disgust	de meditación
meditation	fear	de meditación
meditation	joy	meditación
meditation	negative	de meditación
meditation	positive	de meditación
meditation	sadness	de meditación
meditation	surprise	agudeza
meditation	trust	de agudeza
sharpness	anger	de meditación
sharpness	anticipation	de meditación
sharpness	disgust	agudeza
sharpness	fear	de agudeza
sharpness	joy	de agudeza
sharpness	negative	de agudeza
sharpness	positive	agudeza
sharpness	sadness	de agudeza
sharpness	surprise	de agudeza
sharpness	trust	de agudeza que
resembling	anger	se parece a
resembling	anticipation	pareciéndose a
resembling	disgust	pareciéndose a
resembling	fear	pareciéndose a
resembling	joy	pareciéndose a
resembling	negative	pareciéndose a
resembling	positive	pareciéndose a
resembling	sadness	pareciéndose a
resembling	surprise	pareciéndose a
resembling	trust	pareciéndose a
necessities	anger	necessities
necessities	anticipation	necessities
necessities	disgust	necessities
necessities	fear	necessities
necessities	joy	necessities
necessities	negative	necessities
necessities	positive	necessities
necessities	sadness	necessities
necessities	surprise	necessities
necessities	trust	necessities
bum	anger	bum
bum	anticipation	bum
bum	disgust	bum
bum	fear	bum
bum	joy	bum
bum	negative	bum
bum	positive	bum
bum	sadness	bum
bum	surprise	bum
bum	trust	bum
inability	anger	incapacidad
inability	anticipation	de incapacidad
inability	disgust	de incapacidad
inability	fear	de incapacidad
inability	joy	incapacidad
inability	negative	de incapacidad
inability	positive	de incapacidad
inability	sadness	de incapacidad
inability	surprise	literatura
inability	trust	de literatura
literature	anger	de incapacidad
literature	anticipation	de incapacidad
literature	disgust	literatura
literature	fear	de literatura
literature	joy	de literatura
literature	negative	de literatura
literature	positive	literatura
literature	sadness	de literatura
literature	surprise	de literatura
literature	trust	de literatura
serrated	anger	serrated
serrated	anticipation	serrated
serrated	disgust	serrated
serrated	fear	serrated
serrated	joy	serrated
serrated	negative	serrated
serrated	positive	serrated
serrated	sadness	serrated
serrated	surprise	serrated
serrated	trust	serrated
unchangeable	anger	unchangeable
unchangeable	anticipation	unchangeable
unchangeable	disgust	unchangeable
unchangeable	fear	unchangeable
unchangeable	joy	unchangeable
unchangeable	negative	unchangeable
unchangeable	positive	unchangeable
unchangeable	sadness	unchangeable
unchangeable	surprise	unchangeable
unchangeable	trust	unchangeable
citrine	anger	citrine
citrine	anticipation	citrine
citrine	disgust	citrine
citrine	fear	citrine
citrine	joy	citrine
citrine	negative	citrine
citrine	positive	citrine
citrine	sadness	citrine
citrine	surprise	citrine
citrine	trust	citrine
tiresome	anger	tiresome
tiresome	anticipation	tiresome
tiresome	disgust	tiresome
tiresome	fear	tiresome
tiresome	joy	tiresome
tiresome	negative	tiresome
tiresome	positive	tiresome
tiresome	sadness	tiresome
tiresome	surprise	tiresome
tiresome	trust	tiresome
generator	anger	generador
generator	anticipation	de generador
generator	disgust	de generador
generator	fear	de generador
generator	joy	generador
generator	negative	de generador
generator	positive	de generador
generator	sadness	de generador
generator	surprise	herencia
generator	trust	de herencia
inheritance	anger	de generador
inheritance	anticipation	de generador
inheritance	disgust	herencia
inheritance	fear	de herencia
inheritance	joy	de herencia
inheritance	negative	de herencia
inheritance	positive	herencia
inheritance	sadness	de herencia
inheritance	surprise	de herencia
inheritance	trust	de herencia
viscous	anger	viscosa
viscous	anticipation	viscoso
viscous	disgust	viscoso
viscous	fear	viscoso
viscous	joy	viscoso
viscous	negative	viscoso
viscous	positive	viscoso
viscous	sadness	viscoso
viscous	surprise	viscoso
viscous	trust	viscoso
elucidation	anger	elucidation
elucidation	anticipation	elucidation
elucidation	disgust	elucidation
elucidation	fear	elucidation
elucidation	joy	elucidation
elucidation	negative	elucidation
elucidation	positive	elucidation
elucidation	sadness	elucidation
elucidation	surprise	elucidation
elucidation	trust	elucidation
chop	anger	chop
chop	anticipation	chop
chop	disgust	chop
chop	fear	chop
chop	joy	chop
chop	negative	chop
chop	positive	chop
chop	sadness	chop
chop	surprise	chop
chop	trust	chop
bleach	anger	lejía
bleach	anticipation	de lejía
bleach	disgust	de lejía
bleach	fear	de lejía
bleach	joy	lejía
bleach	negative	de lejía
bleach	positive	de lejía
bleach	sadness	de lejía
bleach	surprise	lejía
bleach	trust	de lejía
disapproved	anger	desaprobó
disapproved	anticipation	desaprobada
disapproved	disgust	desaprobó
disapproved	fear	desaprobado
disapproved	joy	desaprobó
disapproved	negative	desaprobado
disapproved	positive	desaprobó
disapproved	sadness	desaprobado
disapproved	surprise	desaprobó
disapproved	trust	códice
codex	anger	de códice
codex	anticipation	de códice
codex	disgust	desaprobado
codex	fear	códice
codex	joy	de códice
codex	negative	de códice
codex	positive	de códice
codex	sadness	códice
codex	surprise	de códice
codex	trust	del códice
lethargic	anger	lethargic
lethargic	anticipation	lethargic
lethargic	disgust	lethargic
lethargic	fear	lethargic
lethargic	joy	lethargic
lethargic	negative	lethargic
lethargic	positive	lethargic
lethargic	sadness	lethargic
lethargic	surprise	lethargic
lethargic	trust	lethargic
tenet	anger	tenet
tenet	anticipation	tenet
tenet	disgust	tenet
tenet	fear	tenet
tenet	joy	tenet
tenet	negative	tenet
tenet	positive	tenet
tenet	sadness	tenet
tenet	surprise	tenet
tenet	trust	tenet
winch	anger	winch
winch	anticipation	winch
winch	disgust	winch
winch	fear	winch
winch	joy	winch
winch	negative	winch
winch	positive	winch
winch	sadness	winch
winch	surprise	winch
winch	trust	winch
glad	anger	feliz
glad	anticipation	feliz
glad	disgust	feliz
glad	fear	feliz
glad	joy	feliz
glad	negative	feliz
glad	positive	feliz
glad	sadness	tono
glad	surprise	de tono
glad	trust	feliz
tone	anger	feliz
tone	anticipation	feliz
tone	disgust	tono
tone	fear	de tono
tone	joy	de tono
tone	negative	de tono
tone	positive	tono
tone	sadness	de tono
tone	surprise	de tono
tone	trust	de tono
ostensible	anger	ostensible
ostensible	anticipation	ostensible
ostensible	disgust	ostensible
ostensible	fear	ostensible
ostensible	joy	ostensible
ostensible	negative	ostensible
ostensible	positive	ostensible
ostensible	sadness	ostensible
ostensible	surprise	ostensible
ostensible	trust	ostensible
algebra	anger	álgebra
algebra	anticipation	de álgebra
algebra	disgust	de álgebra
algebra	fear	de álgebra
algebra	joy	álgebra
algebra	negative	de álgebra
algebra	positive	de álgebra
algebra	sadness	de álgebra
algebra	surprise	libertad
algebra	trust	de libertad
freedom	anger	de álgebra
freedom	anticipation	de álgebra
freedom	disgust	libertad
freedom	fear	de libertad
freedom	joy	de libertad
freedom	negative	de libertad
freedom	positive	libertad
freedom	sadness	de libertad
freedom	surprise	de libertad
freedom	trust	de libertad
watercourse	anger	watercourse
watercourse	anticipation	watercourse
watercourse	disgust	watercourse
watercourse	fear	watercourse
watercourse	joy	watercourse
watercourse	negative	watercourse
watercourse	positive	watercourse
watercourse	sadness	watercourse
watercourse	surprise	watercourse
watercourse	trust	watercourse
clearance	anger	clearance
clearance	anticipation	
clearance	disgust	clearance
clearance	fear	clearance
clearance	joy	clearance
clearance	negative	clearance
clearance	positive	clearance
clearance	sadness	clearance
clearance	surprise	clearance
clearance	trust	clearance
manifesto	anger	clearance
manifesto	anticipation	manifesto manifesto
manifesto	disgust	manifesto
manifesto	fear	manifesto
manifesto	joy	manifesto
manifesto	negative	manifesto
manifesto	positive	manifesto
manifesto	sadness	manifesto
manifesto	surprise	manifesto
manifesto	trust	manifesto
moth	anger	polilla
moth	anticipation	de polilla
moth	disgust	de polilla
moth	fear	de polilla
moth	joy	polilla
moth	negative	de polilla
moth	positive	de polilla
moth	sadness	de polilla
moth	surprise	neumático
moth	trust	de neumático
tire	anger	de polilla
tire	anticipation	de polilla
tire	disgust	neumático
tire	fear	de neumático
tire	joy	de neumático
tire	negative	de neumático
tire	positive	neumático
tire	sadness	de neumático
tire	surprise	de neumático
tire	trust	de neumático
leeches	anger	sanguijuelas
leeches	anticipation	de sanguijuelas
leeches	disgust	de sanguijuelas
leeches	fear	de sanguijuelas
leeches	joy	sanguijuelas
leeches	negative	de sanguijuelas
leeches	positive	de sanguijuelas
leeches	sadness	de sanguijuelas
leeches	surprise	sanguijuelas
leeches	trust	de sanguijuelas
babbling	anger	babbling
babbling	anticipation	babbling
babbling	disgust	babbling
babbling	fear	babbling
babbling	joy	babbling
babbling	negative	babbling
babbling	positive	babbling
babbling	sadness	babbling
babbling	surprise	babbling
babbling	trust	babbling
gauging	anger	gauging
gauging	anticipation	gauging
gauging	disgust	gauging
gauging	fear	gauging
gauging	joy	gauging
gauging	negative	gauging
gauging	positive	gauging
gauging	sadness	gauging
gauging	surprise	gauging
gauging	trust	gauging
froth	anger	froth
froth	anticipation	froth
froth	disgust	froth
froth	fear	froth
froth	joy	froth
froth	negative	froth
froth	positive	froth
froth	sadness	froth
froth	surprise	froth
froth	trust	froth
unable	anger	incapaces
unable	anticipation	incapaces
unable	disgust	incapaces
unable	fear	incapaces
unable	joy	incapaces
unable	negative	incapaces
unable	positive	incapaces
unable	sadness	manuscrito
unable	surprise	de manuscrito
unable	trust	incapaz
manuscript	anger	incapaz
manuscript	anticipation	incapaz
manuscript	disgust	manuscrito
manuscript	fear	de manuscrito
manuscript	joy	de manuscrito
manuscript	negative	de manuscrito
manuscript	positive	manuscrito
manuscript	sadness	de manuscrito
manuscript	surprise	de manuscrito
manuscript	trust	de manuscrito
presumptive	anger	presunto
presumptive	anticipation	presunto
presumptive	disgust	presunto
presumptive	fear	presunto
presumptive	joy	presunto
presumptive	negative	presunto
presumptive	positive	presunto
presumptive	sadness	presunto
presumptive	surprise	presunto
presumptive	trust	presunto
prohibited	anger	prohibió
prohibited	anticipation	prohibido
prohibited	disgust	prohibió
prohibited	fear	prohibido
prohibited	joy	prohibió
prohibited	negative	prohibido
prohibited	positive	prohibió
prohibited	sadness	prohibido
prohibited	surprise	prohibió
prohibited	trust	anfibio
amphibian	anger	de anfibio
amphibian	anticipation	de anfibio
amphibian	disgust	prohibido
amphibian	fear	anfibio
amphibian	joy	de anfibio
amphibian	negative	de anfibio
amphibian	positive	de anfibio
amphibian	sadness	anfibio
amphibian	surprise	de anfibio
amphibian	trust	del anfibio
bloated	anger	hinchado
bloated	anticipation	hinchado
bloated	disgust	hinchado
bloated	fear	hinchado
bloated	joy	hinchado
bloated	negative	hinchado
bloated	positive	hinchado
bloated	sadness	hinchado
bloated	surprise	hinchado
bloated	trust	hinchado
filamentous	anger	filamentous
filamentous	anticipation	filamentous
filamentous	disgust	filamentous
filamentous	fear	filamentous
filamentous	joy	filamentous
filamentous	negative	filamentous
filamentous	positive	filamentous
filamentous	sadness	filamentous
filamentous	surprise	filamentous
filamentous	trust	filamentous
integral	anger	integral
integral	anticipation	integral
integral	disgust	integral
integral	fear	integral
integral	joy	integral
integral	negative	integral
integral	positive	integral
integral	sadness	integral
integral	surprise	integral
integral	trust	integral
remiss	anger	remiss
remiss	anticipation	remiss
remiss	disgust	remiss
remiss	fear	remiss
remiss	joy	remiss
remiss	negative	remiss
remiss	positive	remiss
remiss	sadness	remiss
remiss	surprise	remiss
remiss	trust	remiss
definitive	anger	definitivo
definitive	anticipation	definitivo
definitive	disgust	definitivo
definitive	fear	definitivo
definitive	joy	definitivo
definitive	negative	definitivo
definitive	positive	definitivo
definitive	sadness	definitivo
definitive	surprise	definitivo
definitive	trust	definitivo
gentry	anger	gentry
gentry	anticipation	gentry
gentry	disgust	gentry
gentry	fear	gentry
gentry	joy	gentry
gentry	negative	gentry
gentry	positive	gentry
gentry	sadness	gentry
gentry	surprise	gentry
gentry	trust	gentry
lifeblood	anger	lifeblood
lifeblood	anticipation	lifeblood
lifeblood	disgust	lifeblood
lifeblood	fear	lifeblood
lifeblood	joy	lifeblood
lifeblood	negative	lifeblood
lifeblood	positive	lifeblood
lifeblood	sadness	lifeblood
lifeblood	surprise	lifeblood
lifeblood	trust	lifeblood
synchronous	anger	síncrono
synchronous	anticipation	síncrono
synchronous	disgust	síncrono
synchronous	fear	síncrono
synchronous	joy	síncrono
synchronous	negative	síncrono
synchronous	positive	síncrono
synchronous	sadness	nebulosas
synchronous	surprise	de nebulosas
synchronous	trust	síncronas
nebulae	anger	síncronas
nebulae	anticipation	síncronas
nebulae	disgust	nebulosas
nebulae	fear	de nebulosas
nebulae	joy	de nebulosas
nebulae	negative	de nebulosas
nebulae	positive	nebulosas
nebulae	sadness	de nebulosas
nebulae	surprise	de nebulosas
nebulae	trust	de nebulosas
fixture	anger	fixture
fixture	anticipation	fixture
fixture	disgust	fixture
fixture	fear	fixture
fixture	joy	fixture
fixture	negative	fixture
fixture	positive	fixture
fixture	sadness	fixture
fixture	surprise	fixture
fixture	trust	fixture
latent	anger	latentes
latent	anticipation	latentes
latent	disgust	latentes
latent	fear	latentes
latent	joy	latentes
latent	negative	latentes
latent	positive	latentes
latent	sadness	colega
latent	surprise	de colega
latent	trust	latente
colleague	anger	latente
colleague	anticipation	latente
colleague	disgust	colega
colleague	fear	de colega
colleague	joy	de colega
colleague	negative	de colega
colleague	positive	colega
colleague	sadness	de colega
colleague	surprise	de colega
colleague	trust	de colega
crash	anger	accidente
crash	anticipation	de accidente
crash	disgust	de accidente
crash	fear	de accidente
crash	joy	accidente
crash	negative	de accidente
crash	positive	de accidente
crash	sadness	de accidente
crash	surprise	accidente
crash	trust	de accidente
straightway	anger	straightway
straightway	anticipation	straightway
straightway	disgust	straightway
straightway	fear	straightway
straightway	joy	straightway
straightway	negative	straightway
straightway	positive	straightway
straightway	sadness	straightway
straightway	surprise	straightway
straightway	trust	straightway
remedy	anger	remedio
remedy	anticipation	de remedio
remedy	disgust	de remedio
remedy	fear	de remedio
remedy	joy	remedio
remedy	negative	de remedio
remedy	positive	de remedio
remedy	sadness	de remedio
remedy	surprise	remedio
remedy	trust	de remedio
yak	anger	yak
yak	anticipation	yak
yak	disgust	yak
yak	fear	yak
yak	joy	yak
yak	negative	yak
yak	positive	yak
yak	sadness	yak
yak	surprise	yak
yak	trust	yak
sib	anger	sib
sib	anticipation	sib
sib	disgust	sib
sib	fear	sib
sib	joy	sib
sib	negative	sib
sib	positive	sib
sib	sadness	sib
sib	surprise	sib
sib	trust	sib
ticker	anger	ticker
ticker	anticipation	ticker
ticker	disgust	ticker
ticker	fear	ticker
ticker	joy	ticker
ticker	negative	ticker
ticker	positive	ticker
ticker	sadness	ticker
ticker	surprise	ticker
ticker	trust	ticker
cede	anger	cede
cede	anticipation	cede
cede	disgust	cede
cede	fear	cede
cede	joy	cede
cede	negative	cede
cede	positive	cede
cede	sadness	cede
cede	surprise	cede
cede	trust	cede
vampire	anger	vampiro
vampire	anticipation	de vampiro
vampire	disgust	de vampiro
vampire	fear	de vampiro
vampire	joy	vampiro
vampire	negative	de vampiro
vampire	positive	de vampiro
vampire	sadness	de vampiro
vampire	surprise	vampiro
vampire	trust	de vampiro
ado	anger	ado
ado	anticipation	ado
ado	disgust	ado
ado	fear	ado
ado	joy	ado
ado	negative	ado
ado	positive	ado
ado	sadness	ado
ado	surprise	ado
ado	trust	ado
gob	anger	gob
gob	anticipation	gob
gob	disgust	gob
gob	fear	gob
gob	joy	gob
gob	negative	gob
gob	positive	gob
gob	sadness	gob
gob	surprise	gob
gob	trust	gob
quote	anger	citar
quote	anticipation	citar
quote	disgust	citar
quote	fear	citar
quote	joy	citar
quote	negative	citar
quote	positive	citar
quote	sadness	citar
quote	surprise	citar
quote	trust	citar
mike	anger	mike
mike	anticipation	mike
mike	disgust	mike
mike	fear	mike
mike	joy	mike
mike	negative	mike
mike	positive	mike
mike	sadness	mike
mike	surprise	mike
mike	trust	mike
endorsement	anger	aprobación
endorsement	anticipation	de aprobación
endorsement	disgust	de aprobación
endorsement	fear	de aprobación
endorsement	joy	aprobación
endorsement	negative	de aprobación
endorsement	positive	de aprobación
endorsement	sadness	de aprobación
endorsement	surprise	injusticia
endorsement	trust	de injusticia
injustice	anger	de aprobación
injustice	anticipation	de aprobación
injustice	disgust	injusticia
injustice	fear	de injusticia
injustice	joy	de injusticia
injustice	negative	de injusticia
injustice	positive	injusticia
injustice	sadness	de injusticia
injustice	surprise	de injusticia
injustice	trust	de injusticia
obtain	anger	obtiene
obtain	anticipation	obtener
obtain	disgust	obtener
obtain	fear	obtener
obtain	joy	obtener
obtain	negative	obtener
obtain	positive	obtener
obtain	sadness	obtener
obtain	surprise	obtener
obtain	trust	obtener
apparently	anger	aparentemente
apparently	anticipation	aparentemente
apparently	disgust	aparentemente
apparently	fear	aparentemente
apparently	joy	aparentemente
apparently	negative	aparentemente
apparently	positive	aparentemente
apparently	sadness	aparentemente
apparently	surprise	aparentemente
apparently	trust	aparentemente
resolutely	anger	resolutely
resolutely	anticipation	resolutely
resolutely	disgust	resolutely
resolutely	fear	resolutely
resolutely	joy	resolutely
resolutely	negative	resolutely
resolutely	positive	resolutely
resolutely	sadness	resolutely
resolutely	surprise	resolutely
resolutely	trust	resolutely
stream	anger	corriente
stream	anticipation	de corriente
stream	disgust	de corriente
stream	fear	de corriente
stream	joy	corriente
stream	negative	de corriente
stream	positive	de corriente
stream	sadness	de corriente
stream	surprise	premisa
stream	trust	de premisa
premise	anger	de corriente
premise	anticipation	de corriente
premise	disgust	premisa
premise	fear	de premisa
premise	joy	de premisa
premise	negative	de premisa
premise	positive	premisa
premise	sadness	de premisa
premise	surprise	de premisa
premise	trust	de premisa
painful	anger	dolorosa
painful	anticipation	doloroso
painful	disgust	doloroso
painful	fear	doloroso
painful	joy	doloroso
painful	negative	doloroso
painful	positive	doloroso
painful	sadness	doloroso
painful	surprise	doloroso
painful	trust	doloroso
gritty	anger	gritty
gritty	anticipation	gritty
gritty	disgust	gritty
gritty	fear	gritty
gritty	joy	gritty
gritty	negative	gritty
gritty	positive	gritty
gritty	sadness	gritty
gritty	surprise	gritty
gritty	trust	gritty
starlight	anger	starlight
starlight	anticipation	starlight
starlight	disgust	starlight
starlight	fear	starlight
starlight	joy	starlight
starlight	negative	starlight
starlight	positive	starlight
starlight	sadness	starlight
starlight	surprise	starlight
starlight	trust	starlight
thread	anger	hilo
thread	anticipation	de hilo
thread	disgust	de hilo
thread	fear	de hilo
thread	joy	hilo
thread	negative	de hilo
thread	positive	de hilo
thread	sadness	de hilo
thread	surprise	hilo
thread	trust	de hilo que
bustling	anger	ajetrea
bustling	anticipation	ajetreando
bustling	disgust	ajetreando
bustling	fear	ajetreando
bustling	joy	ajetreando
bustling	negative	ajetreando
bustling	positive	ajetreando
bustling	sadness	ajetreando
bustling	surprise	ajetreando
bustling	trust	ajetreando
verification	anger	verificación
verification	anticipation	de verificación
verification	disgust	de verificación
verification	fear	de verificación
verification	joy	verificación
verification	negative	de verificación
verification	positive	de verificación
verification	sadness	de verificación
verification	surprise	verificación
verification	trust	de verificación
socialist	anger	socialista
socialist	anticipation	socialista
socialist	disgust	socialista
socialist	fear	socialista
socialist	joy	socialista
socialist	negative	socialista
socialist	positive	socialista
socialist	sadness	socialista
socialist	surprise	socialista
socialist	trust	socialista
declare	anger	declara
declare	anticipation	declarar
declare	disgust	declarar
declare	fear	declarar
declare	joy	declarar
declare	negative	declarar
declare	positive	declarar
declare	sadness	declarar
declare	surprise	declarar
declare	trust	declarar
justice	anger	justicia
justice	anticipation	de justicia
justice	disgust	de justicia
justice	fear	de justicia
justice	joy	justicia
justice	negative	de justicia
justice	positive	de justicia
justice	sadness	de justicia
justice	surprise	justicia
justice	trust	de justicia
ready	anger	a punto
ready	anticipation	a punto
ready	disgust	a punto
ready	fear	a punto
ready	joy	a punto
ready	negative	a punto
ready	positive	a punto
ready	sadness	a punto
ready	surprise	a punto
ready	trust	a punto
tardiness	anger	tardiness
tardiness	anticipation	tardiness
tardiness	disgust	tardiness
tardiness	fear	tardiness
tardiness	joy	tardiness
tardiness	negative	tardiness
tardiness	positive	tardiness
tardiness	sadness	tardiness
tardiness	surprise	tardiness
tardiness	trust	tardiness
spare	anger	de sobra
spare	anticipation	de sobra
spare	disgust	de sobra
spare	fear	de sobra
spare	joy	de sobra
spare	negative	de sobra
spare	positive	de sobra
spare	sadness	de sobra
spare	surprise	de sobra
spare	trust	de sobra
woefully	anger	woefully
woefully	anticipation	woefully
woefully	disgust	woefully
woefully	fear	woefully
woefully	joy	woefully
woefully	negative	woefully
woefully	positive	woefully
woefully	sadness	woefully
woefully	surprise	woefully
woefully	trust	woefully
concoction	anger	concoction
concoction	anticipation	concoction
concoction	disgust	concoction
concoction	fear	concoction
concoction	joy	concoction
concoction	negative	concoction
concoction	positive	concoction
concoction	sadness	concoction
concoction	surprise	concoction
concoction	trust	concoction
proceeding	anger	procediendo
proceeding	anticipation	procediendo
proceeding	disgust	procediendo
proceeding	fear	procediendo
proceeding	joy	procediendo
proceeding	negative	procediendo
proceeding	positive	procediendo
proceeding	sadness	procediendo
proceeding	surprise	procediendo
proceeding	trust	procediendo
denominational	anger	denominational
denominational	anticipation	denominational
denominational	disgust	denominational
denominational	fear	denominational
denominational	joy	denominational
denominational	negative	denominational
denominational	positive	denominational
denominational	sadness	denominational
denominational	surprise	denominational
denominational	trust	denominational
wither	anger	wither
wither	anticipation	wither
wither	disgust	wither
wither	fear	wither
wither	joy	wither
wither	negative	wither
wither	positive	wither
wither	sadness	wither
wither	surprise	wither
wither	trust	wither
cameo	anger	cameo
cameo	anticipation	cameo
cameo	disgust	cameo
cameo	fear	cameo
cameo	joy	cameo
cameo	negative	cameo
cameo	positive	cameo
cameo	sadness	cameo
cameo	surprise	cameo
cameo	trust	cameo
erudite	anger	erudito
erudite	anticipation	erudito
erudite	disgust	erudito
erudite	fear	erudito
erudite	joy	erudito
erudite	negative	erudito
erudite	positive	erudito
erudite	sadness	erudito
erudite	surprise	erudito
erudite	trust	erudito
suitor	anger	suitor
suitor	anticipation	suitor
suitor	disgust	suitor
suitor	fear	suitor
suitor	joy	suitor
suitor	negative	suitor
suitor	positive	suitor
suitor	sadness	suitor
suitor	surprise	suitor
suitor	trust	suitor
blot	anger	blot
blot	anticipation	blot
blot	disgust	blot
blot	fear	blot
blot	joy	blot
blot	negative	blot
blot	positive	blot
blot	sadness	blot
blot	surprise	blot
blot	trust	blot
painting	anger	pintura
painting	anticipation	de pintura
painting	disgust	de pintura
painting	fear	de pintura
painting	joy	pintura
painting	negative	de pintura
painting	positive	de pintura
painting	sadness	de pintura
painting	surprise	la pintura que
painting	trust	pinta
guzzling	anger	guzzling
guzzling	anticipation	guzzling
guzzling	disgust	guzzling
guzzling	fear	guzzling
guzzling	joy	guzzling
guzzling	negative	guzzling
guzzling	positive	guzzling
guzzling	sadness	guzzling
guzzling	surprise	guzzling
guzzling	trust	guzzling
synthesis	anger	síntesis
synthesis	anticipation	de síntesis
synthesis	disgust	de síntesis
synthesis	fear	de síntesis
synthesis	joy	síntesis
synthesis	negative	de síntesis
synthesis	positive	de síntesis
synthesis	sadness	de síntesis
synthesis	surprise	tienda
synthesis	trust	de tienda
store	anger	de síntesis
store	anticipation	de síntesis
store	disgust	tienda
store	fear	de tienda
store	joy	de tienda
store	negative	de tienda
store	positive	tienda
store	sadness	de tienda
store	surprise	de tienda
store	trust	de tienda
domestic	anger	doméstica
domestic	anticipation	doméstico
domestic	disgust	doméstico
domestic	fear	doméstico
domestic	joy	doméstico
domestic	negative	doméstico
domestic	positive	doméstico
domestic	sadness	doméstico
domestic	surprise	doméstico
domestic	trust	doméstico
sandy	anger	arenoso
sandy	anticipation	arenoso
sandy	disgust	arenoso
sandy	fear	arenoso
sandy	joy	arenoso
sandy	negative	arenoso
sandy	positive	arenoso
sandy	sadness	arenoso
sandy	surprise	arenoso
sandy	trust	arenoso
loam	anger	loam
loam	anticipation	loam
loam	disgust	loam
loam	fear	loam
loam	joy	loam
loam	negative	loam
loam	positive	loam
loam	sadness	loam
loam	surprise	loam
loam	trust	loam
stony	anger	stony
stony	anticipation	stony
stony	disgust	stony
stony	fear	stony
stony	joy	stony
stony	negative	stony
stony	positive	stony
stony	sadness	stony
stony	surprise	stony
stony	trust	stony
elongate	anger	elongate
elongate	anticipation	elongate
elongate	disgust	elongate
elongate	fear	elongate
elongate	joy	elongate
elongate	negative	elongate
elongate	positive	elongate
elongate	sadness	elongate
elongate	surprise	elongate
elongate	trust	elongate
dizziness	anger	dizziness
dizziness	anticipation	dizziness
dizziness	disgust	dizziness
dizziness	fear	dizziness
dizziness	joy	dizziness
dizziness	negative	dizziness
dizziness	positive	dizziness
dizziness	sadness	dizziness
dizziness	surprise	dizziness
dizziness	trust	dizziness
advantageous	anger	ventajoso
advantageous	anticipation	ventajoso
advantageous	disgust	ventajoso
advantageous	fear	ventajoso
advantageous	joy	ventajoso
advantageous	negative	ventajoso
advantageous	positive	ventajoso
advantageous	sadness	ventajoso
advantageous	surprise	ventajoso
advantageous	trust	ventajoso
fodder	anger	fodder
fodder	anticipation	fodder
fodder	disgust	fodder
fodder	fear	fodder
fodder	joy	fodder
fodder	negative	fodder
fodder	positive	fodder
fodder	sadness	fodder
fodder	surprise	fodder
fodder	trust	fodder
cuckoo	anger	cuckoo
cuckoo	anticipation	cuckoo
cuckoo	disgust	cuckoo
cuckoo	fear	cuckoo
cuckoo	joy	cuckoo
cuckoo	negative	cuckoo
cuckoo	positive	cuckoo
cuckoo	sadness	cuckoo
cuckoo	surprise	cuckoo
cuckoo	trust	cuckoo
bust	anger	busto
bust	anticipation	de busto
bust	disgust	de busto
bust	fear	de busto
bust	joy	busto
bust	negative	de busto
bust	positive	de busto
bust	sadness	de busto
bust	surprise	puerto
bust	trust	de puerto
haven	anger	de busto
haven	anticipation	de busto
haven	disgust	puerto
haven	fear	de puerto
haven	joy	de puerto
haven	negative	de puerto
haven	positive	puerto
haven	sadness	de puerto
haven	surprise	de puerto
haven	trust	de puerto
gratis	anger	gratis
gratis	anticipation	gratis
gratis	disgust	gratis
gratis	fear	gratis
gratis	joy	gratis
gratis	negative	gratis
gratis	positive	gratis
gratis	sadness	gratis
gratis	surprise	gratis
gratis	trust	gratis
unbridled	anger	unbridled
unbridled	anticipation	unbridled
unbridled	disgust	unbridled
unbridled	fear	unbridled
unbridled	joy	unbridled
unbridled	negative	unbridled
unbridled	positive	unbridled
unbridled	sadness	unbridled
unbridled	surprise	unbridled
unbridled	trust	unbridled
allegation	anger	alegación
allegation	anticipation	de alegación
allegation	disgust	de alegación
allegation	fear	de alegación
allegation	joy	alegación
allegation	negative	de alegación
allegation	positive	de alegación
allegation	sadness	de alegación
allegation	surprise	alegación
allegation	trust	de alegación
catalysis	anger	catalysis
catalysis	anticipation	catalysis
catalysis	disgust	catalysis
catalysis	fear	catalysis
catalysis	joy	catalysis
catalysis	negative	catalysis
catalysis	positive	catalysis
catalysis	sadness	catalysis
catalysis	surprise	catalysis
catalysis	trust	catalysis
expulsion	anger	expulsión
expulsion	anticipation	de expulsión
expulsion	disgust	de expulsión
expulsion	fear	de expulsión
expulsion	joy	expulsión
expulsion	negative	de expulsión
expulsion	positive	de expulsión
expulsion	sadness	de expulsión
expulsion	surprise	expulsión
expulsion	trust	de expulsión que
lodging	anger	aloja
lodging	anticipation	alojando
lodging	disgust	alojando
lodging	fear	alojando
lodging	joy	alojando
lodging	negative	alojando
lodging	positive	alojando
lodging	sadness	alojando
lodging	surprise	alojando
lodging	trust	alojando
tiny	anger	minúsculo
tiny	anticipation	minúsculo
tiny	disgust	minúsculo
tiny	fear	minúsculo
tiny	joy	minúsculo
tiny	negative	minúsculo
tiny	positive	minúsculo
tiny	sadness	viaje
tiny	surprise	de viaje
tiny	trust	minúsculo
travel	anger	minúsculo
travel	anticipation	minúsculo
travel	disgust	viaje
travel	fear	de viaje
travel	joy	de viaje
travel	negative	de viaje
travel	positive	viaje
travel	sadness	de viaje
travel	surprise	de viaje
travel	trust	de viaje
outlet	anger	outlet
outlet	anticipation	outlet
outlet	disgust	outlet
outlet	fear	outlet
outlet	joy	outlet
outlet	negative	outlet
outlet	positive	outlet
outlet	sadness	outlet
outlet	surprise	outlet
outlet	trust	outlet
bemused	anger	bemused
bemused	anticipation	bemused
bemused	disgust	bemused
bemused	fear	bemused
bemused	joy	bemused
bemused	negative	bemused
bemused	positive	bemused
bemused	sadness	bemused
bemused	surprise	bemused
bemused	trust	bemused
machinery	anger	maquinaria
machinery	anticipation	de maquinaria
machinery	disgust	de maquinaria
machinery	fear	de maquinaria
machinery	joy	maquinaria
machinery	negative	de maquinaria
machinery	positive	de maquinaria
machinery	sadness	de maquinaria
machinery	surprise	enrejado
machinery	trust	de enrejado
lattice	anger	de maquinaria
lattice	anticipation	de maquinaria
lattice	disgust	enrejado
lattice	fear	de enrejado
lattice	joy	de enrejado
lattice	negative	de enrejado
lattice	positive	enrejado
lattice	sadness	de enrejado
lattice	surprise	de enrejado
lattice	trust	de enrejado
legal	anger	legal
legal	anticipation	legal
legal	disgust	legal
legal	fear	legal
legal	joy	legal
legal	negative	legal
legal	positive	legal
legal	sadness	estatua
legal	surprise	de estatua
legal	trust	legal
statue	anger	legal
statue	anticipation	legal
statue	disgust	estatua
statue	fear	de estatua
statue	joy	de estatua
statue	negative	de estatua
statue	positive	estatua
statue	sadness	de estatua
statue	surprise	de estatua
statue	trust	de estatua
erase	anger	borra
erase	anticipation	borrar
erase	disgust	borrar
erase	fear	borrar
erase	joy	borrar
erase	negative	borrar
erase	positive	borrar
erase	sadness	borrar
erase	surprise	borrar
erase	trust	borrar
glycerin	anger	glycerin
glycerin	anticipation	glycerin
glycerin	disgust	glycerin
glycerin	fear	glycerin
glycerin	joy	glycerin
glycerin	negative	glycerin
glycerin	positive	glycerin
glycerin	sadness	glycerin
glycerin	surprise	glycerin
glycerin	trust	glycerin
trout	anger	trout
trout	anticipation	trout
trout	disgust	trout
trout	fear	trout
trout	joy	trout
trout	negative	trout
trout	positive	trout
trout	sadness	trout
trout	surprise	trout
trout	trust	trout
homologue	anger	homologue
homologue	anticipation	homologue
homologue	disgust	homologue
homologue	fear	homologue
homologue	joy	homologue
homologue	negative	homologue
homologue	positive	homologue
homologue	sadness	homologue
homologue	surprise	homologue
homologue	trust	homologue
subjugation	anger	subyugación
subjugation	anticipation	de subyugación
subjugation	disgust	de subyugación
subjugation	fear	de subyugación
subjugation	joy	subyugación
subjugation	negative	de subyugación
subjugation	positive	de subyugación
subjugation	sadness	de subyugación
subjugation	surprise	subyugación
subjugation	trust	de subyugación
altogether	anger	altogether
altogether	anticipation	altogether
altogether	disgust	altogether
altogether	fear	altogether
altogether	joy	altogether
altogether	negative	altogether
altogether	positive	altogether
altogether	sadness	altogether
altogether	surprise	altogether
altogether	trust	altogether
decade	anger	década
decade	anticipation	de década
decade	disgust	de década
decade	fear	de década
decade	joy	década
decade	negative	de década
decade	positive	de década
decade	sadness	de década
decade	surprise	nivel
decade	trust	de nivel
level	anger	de década
level	anticipation	de década
level	disgust	nivel
level	fear	de nivel
level	joy	de nivel
level	negative	de nivel
level	positive	nivel
level	sadness	de nivel
level	surprise	de nivel
level	trust	de nivel
covered	anger	cubrió
covered	anticipation	cubierto
covered	disgust	cubrió
covered	fear	cubierto
covered	joy	cubrió
covered	negative	cubierto
covered	positive	cubrió
covered	sadness	cubierto
covered	surprise	cubrió
covered	trust	cubierto
convince	anger	convencer
convince	anticipation	convencer
convince	disgust	convencer
convince	fear	convencer
convince	joy	convencer
convince	negative	convencer
convince	positive	convencer
convince	sadness	convencer
convince	surprise	convencer
convince	trust	convencer
train	anger	tren
train	anticipation	de tren
train	disgust	de tren
train	fear	de tren
train	joy	tren
train	negative	de tren
train	positive	de tren
train	sadness	de tren
train	surprise	cese
train	trust	de cese
cessation	anger	de tren
cessation	anticipation	de tren
cessation	disgust	cese
cessation	fear	de cese
cessation	joy	de cese
cessation	negative	de cese
cessation	positive	cese
cessation	sadness	de cese
cessation	surprise	de cese
cessation	trust	de cese
foreground	anger	foreground
foreground	anticipation	foreground
foreground	disgust	foreground
foreground	fear	foreground
foreground	joy	foreground
foreground	negative	foreground
foreground	positive	foreground
foreground	sadness	foreground
foreground	surprise	foreground
foreground	trust	foreground
resistant	anger	resistente
resistant	anticipation	resistente
resistant	disgust	resistente
resistant	fear	resistente
resistant	joy	resistente
resistant	negative	resistente
resistant	positive	resistente
resistant	sadness	automóvil
resistant	surprise	de automóvil
resistant	trust	resistente
automobile	anger	resistente
automobile	anticipation	resistente
automobile	disgust	automóvil
automobile	fear	de automóvil
automobile	joy	de automóvil
automobile	negative	de automóvil
automobile	positive	automóvil
automobile	sadness	de automóvil
automobile	surprise	de automóvil
automobile	trust	de automóvil
theistic	anger	theistic
theistic	anticipation	theistic
theistic	disgust	theistic
theistic	fear	theistic
theistic	joy	theistic
theistic	negative	theistic
theistic	positive	theistic
theistic	sadness	theistic
theistic	surprise	theistic
theistic	trust	theistic
octave	anger	octava
octave	anticipation	de octava
octave	disgust	de octava
octave	fear	de octava
octave	joy	octava
octave	negative	de octava
octave	positive	de octava
octave	sadness	de octava
octave	surprise	arbusto
octave	trust	de arbusto
shrub	anger	de octava
shrub	anticipation	de octava
shrub	disgust	arbusto
shrub	fear	de arbusto
shrub	joy	de arbusto
shrub	negative	de arbusto
shrub	positive	arbusto
shrub	sadness	de arbusto
shrub	surprise	de arbusto
shrub	trust	de arbusto
impossibility	anger	imposibilidad
impossibility	anticipation	de imposibilidad
impossibility	disgust	de imposibilidad
impossibility	fear	de imposibilidad
impossibility	joy	imposibilidad
impossibility	negative	de imposibilidad
impossibility	positive	de imposibilidad
impossibility	sadness	de imposibilidad
impossibility	surprise	trío
impossibility	trust	de trío
trio	anger	de imposibilidad
trio	anticipation	de imposibilidad
trio	disgust	trío
trio	fear	de trío
trio	joy	de trío
trio	negative	de trío
trio	positive	trío
trio	sadness	de trío
trio	surprise	de trío
trio	trust	de trío
blessed	anger	bendito
blessed	anticipation	bendito
blessed	disgust	bendito
blessed	fear	bendito
blessed	joy	bendito
blessed	negative	bendito
blessed	positive	bendito
blessed	sadness	bendito
blessed	surprise	bendito
blessed	trust	bendito
fervor	anger	fervor
fervor	anticipation	fervor
fervor	disgust	fervor
fervor	fear	fervor
fervor	joy	fervor
fervor	negative	fervor
fervor	positive	fervor
fervor	sadness	fervor
fervor	surprise	fervor
fervor	trust	fervor
concomitant	anger	concomitante
concomitant	anticipation	concomitante
concomitant	disgust	concomitante
concomitant	fear	concomitante
concomitant	joy	concomitante
concomitant	negative	concomitante
concomitant	positive	concomitante
concomitant	sadness	concomitante
concomitant	surprise	concomitante
concomitant	trust	concomitante
apostolic	anger	apostolic
apostolic	anticipation	apostolic
apostolic	disgust	apostolic
apostolic	fear	apostolic
apostolic	joy	apostolic
apostolic	negative	apostolic
apostolic	positive	apostolic
apostolic	sadness	apostolic
apostolic	surprise	apostolic
apostolic	trust	apostolic
sideways	anger	de lado
sideways	anticipation	de lado
sideways	disgust	de lado
sideways	fear	de lado
sideways	joy	de lado
sideways	negative	de lado
sideways	positive	de lado
sideways	sadness	de lado
sideways	surprise	de lado
sideways	trust	de lado
pioneer	anger	pionero
pioneer	anticipation	de pionero
pioneer	disgust	de pionero
pioneer	fear	de pionero
pioneer	joy	pionero
pioneer	negative	de pionero
pioneer	positive	de pionero
pioneer	sadness	de pionero
pioneer	surprise	pionero
pioneer	trust	de pionero
celestial	anger	celestial
celestial	anticipation	celestial
celestial	disgust	celestial
celestial	fear	celestial
celestial	joy	celestial
celestial	negative	celestial
celestial	positive	celestial
celestial	sadness	celestial
celestial	surprise	celestial
celestial	trust	celestial
treacherous	anger	traidor
treacherous	anticipation	traidor
treacherous	disgust	traidor
treacherous	fear	traidor
treacherous	joy	traidor
treacherous	negative	traidor
treacherous	positive	traidor
treacherous	sadness	traidor
treacherous	surprise	traidor
treacherous	trust	traidor
croft	anger	croft
croft	anticipation	croft
croft	disgust	croft
croft	fear	croft
croft	joy	croft
croft	negative	croft
croft	positive	croft
croft	sadness	croft
croft	surprise	croft
croft	trust	croft
seminary	anger	seminary
seminary	anticipation	seminary
seminary	disgust	seminary
seminary	fear	seminary
seminary	joy	seminary
seminary	negative	seminary
seminary	positive	seminary
seminary	sadness	seminary
seminary	surprise	seminary
seminary	trust	seminary
blunder	anger	pifia
blunder	anticipation	de pifia
blunder	disgust	de pifia
blunder	fear	de pifia
blunder	joy	pifia
blunder	negative	de pifia
blunder	positive	de pifia
blunder	sadness	de pifia
blunder	surprise	pifia
blunder	trust	de pifia
affable	anger	afable
affable	anticipation	afable
affable	disgust	afable
affable	fear	afable
affable	joy	afable
affable	negative	afable
affable	positive	afable
affable	sadness	toro
affable	surprise	de toro
affable	trust	afable
bull	anger	afable
bull	anticipation	afable
bull	disgust	toro
bull	fear	de toro
bull	joy	de toro
bull	negative	de toro
bull	positive	toro
bull	sadness	de toro
bull	surprise	de toro
bull	trust	de toro
unbroken	anger	unbroken
unbroken	anticipation	unbroken
unbroken	disgust	unbroken
unbroken	fear	unbroken
unbroken	joy	unbroken
unbroken	negative	unbroken
unbroken	positive	unbroken
unbroken	sadness	unbroken
unbroken	surprise	unbroken
unbroken	trust	unbroken
judicial	anger	judicial
judicial	anticipation	judicial
judicial	disgust	judicial
judicial	fear	judicial
judicial	joy	judicial
judicial	negative	judicial
judicial	positive	judicial
judicial	sadness	judicial
judicial	surprise	judicial
judicial	trust	judicial
puppy	anger	puppy
puppy	anticipation	puppy
puppy	disgust	puppy
puppy	fear	puppy
puppy	joy	puppy
puppy	negative	puppy
puppy	positive	puppy
puppy	sadness	puppy
puppy	surprise	puppy
puppy	trust	puppy
faculty	anger	facultad
faculty	anticipation	de facultad
faculty	disgust	de facultad
faculty	fear	de facultad
faculty	joy	facultad
faculty	negative	de facultad
faculty	positive	de facultad
faculty	sadness	de facultad
faculty	surprise	facultad
faculty	trust	de facultad
whoop	anger	whoop
whoop	anticipation	whoop
whoop	disgust	whoop
whoop	fear	whoop
whoop	joy	whoop
whoop	negative	whoop
whoop	positive	whoop
whoop	sadness	whoop
whoop	surprise	whoop
whoop	trust	whoop
apathy	anger	apatía
apathy	anticipation	de apatía
apathy	disgust	de apatía
apathy	fear	de apatía
apathy	joy	apatía
apathy	negative	de apatía
apathy	positive	de apatía
apathy	sadness	de apatía
apathy	surprise	apatía
apathy	trust	de apatía
centrally	anger	centrally
centrally	anticipation	centrally
centrally	disgust	centrally
centrally	fear	centrally
centrally	joy	centrally
centrally	negative	centrally
centrally	positive	centrally
centrally	sadness	centrally
centrally	surprise	centrally
centrally	trust	centrally
stranded	anger	stranded
stranded	anticipation	stranded
stranded	disgust	stranded
stranded	fear	stranded
stranded	joy	stranded
stranded	negative	stranded
stranded	positive	stranded
stranded	sadness	stranded
stranded	surprise	stranded
stranded	trust	stranded
kudos	anger	kudos
kudos	anticipation	kudos
kudos	disgust	kudos
kudos	fear	kudos
kudos	joy	kudos
kudos	negative	kudos
kudos	positive	kudos
kudos	sadness	kudos
kudos	surprise	kudos
kudos	trust	kudos
borrow	anger	tomar prestado
borrow	anticipation	tomar prestado
borrow	disgust	tomar prestado
borrow	fear	tomar prestado
borrow	joy	tomar prestado
borrow	negative	tomar prestado
borrow	positive	tomar prestado
borrow	sadness	tomar prestado
borrow	surprise	tomar prestado
borrow	trust	tomar prestado
spleen	anger	bazo
spleen	anticipation	de bazo
spleen	disgust	de bazo
spleen	fear	de bazo
spleen	joy	bazo
spleen	negative	de bazo
spleen	positive	de bazo
spleen	sadness	de bazo
spleen	surprise	bazo
spleen	trust	de bazo
inwards	anger	inwards
inwards	anticipation	inwards
inwards	disgust	inwards
inwards	fear	inwards
inwards	joy	inwards
inwards	negative	inwards
inwards	positive	inwards
inwards	sadness	inwards
inwards	surprise	inwards
inwards	trust	inwards
sleeper	anger	sleeper
sleeper	anticipation	sleeper
sleeper	disgust	sleeper
sleeper	fear	sleeper
sleeper	joy	sleeper
sleeper	negative	sleeper
sleeper	positive	sleeper
sleeper	sadness	sleeper
sleeper	surprise	sleeper
sleeper	trust	sleeper
birch	anger	abedul
birch	anticipation	de abedul
birch	disgust	de abedul
birch	fear	de abedul
birch	joy	abedul
birch	negative	de abedul
birch	positive	de abedul
birch	sadness	de abedul
birch	surprise	exterminación
birch	trust	de exterminación
extermination	anger	de abedul
extermination	anticipation	de abedul
extermination	disgust	exterminación
extermination	fear	de exterminación
extermination	joy	de exterminación
extermination	negative	de exterminación
extermination	positive	exterminación
extermination	sadness	de exterminación
extermination	surprise	de exterminación
extermination	trust	de exterminación
exasperation	anger	exasperación
exasperation	anticipation	de exasperación
exasperation	disgust	de exasperación
exasperation	fear	de exasperación
exasperation	joy	exasperación
exasperation	negative	de exasperación
exasperation	positive	de exasperación
exasperation	sadness	de exasperación
exasperation	surprise	exasperación
exasperation	trust	de exasperación
gaping	anger	gaping
gaping	anticipation	gaping
gaping	disgust	gaping
gaping	fear	gaping
gaping	joy	gaping
gaping	negative	gaping
gaping	positive	gaping
gaping	sadness	gaping
gaping	surprise	gaping
gaping	trust	gaping
sectional	anger	sectional
sectional	anticipation	sectional
sectional	disgust	sectional
sectional	fear	sectional
sectional	joy	sectional
sectional	negative	sectional
sectional	positive	sectional
sectional	sadness	sectional
sectional	surprise	sectional
sectional	trust	sectional
struggle	anger	lucha
struggle	anticipation	de lucha
struggle	disgust	de lucha
struggle	fear	de lucha
struggle	joy	lucha
struggle	negative	de lucha
struggle	positive	de lucha
struggle	sadness	de lucha
struggle	surprise	zoología
struggle	trust	de zoología
zoology	anger	de lucha
zoology	anticipation	de lucha
zoology	disgust	zoología
zoology	fear	de zoología
zoology	joy	de zoología
zoology	negative	de zoología
zoology	positive	zoología
zoology	sadness	de zoología
zoology	surprise	de zoología
zoology	trust	de zoología
wits	anger	ingenios
wits	anticipation	de ingenios
wits	disgust	de ingenios
wits	fear	de ingenios
wits	joy	ingenios
wits	negative	de ingenios
wits	positive	de ingenios
wits	sadness	de ingenios
wits	surprise	ingenios
wits	trust	de ingenios
tenets	anger	tenets
tenets	anticipation	tenets
tenets	disgust	tenets
tenets	fear	tenets
tenets	joy	tenets
tenets	negative	tenets
tenets	positive	tenets
tenets	sadness	tenets
tenets	surprise	tenets
tenets	trust	tenets
studded	anger	studded
studded	anticipation	studded
studded	disgust	studded
studded	fear	studded
studded	joy	studded
studded	negative	studded
studded	positive	studded
studded	sadness	studded
studded	surprise	studded
studded	trust	studded
admirer	anger	admirer
admirer	anticipation	admirer
admirer	disgust	admirer
admirer	fear	admirer
admirer	joy	admirer
admirer	negative	admirer
admirer	positive	admirer
admirer	sadness	admirer
admirer	surprise	admirer
admirer	trust	admirer
immunization	anger	inmunización
immunization	anticipation	de inmunización
immunization	disgust	de inmunización
immunization	fear	de inmunización
immunization	joy	inmunización
immunization	negative	de inmunización
immunization	positive	de inmunización
immunization	sadness	de inmunización
immunization	surprise	inmunización
immunization	trust	de inmunización
singular	anger	singular
singular	anticipation	singular
singular	disgust	singular
singular	fear	singular
singular	joy	singular
singular	negative	singular
singular	positive	singular
singular	sadness	singular
singular	surprise	singular
singular	trust	singular
veer	anger	veer
veer	anticipation	veer
veer	disgust	veer
veer	fear	veer
veer	joy	veer
veer	negative	veer
veer	positive	veer
veer	sadness	veer
veer	surprise	veer
veer	trust	veer
pallet	anger	pallet
pallet	anticipation	pallet
pallet	disgust	pallet
pallet	fear	pallet
pallet	joy	pallet
pallet	negative	pallet
pallet	positive	pallet
pallet	sadness	pallet
pallet	surprise	pallet
pallet	trust	pallet
holiday	anger	vacaciones
holiday	anticipation	de vacaciones
holiday	disgust	de vacaciones
holiday	fear	de vacaciones
holiday	joy	vacaciones
holiday	negative	de vacaciones
holiday	positive	de vacaciones
holiday	sadness	de vacaciones
holiday	surprise	vacaciones
holiday	trust	de vacaciones
acumen	anger	acumen
acumen	anticipation	acumen
acumen	disgust	acumen
acumen	fear	acumen
acumen	joy	acumen
acumen	negative	acumen
acumen	positive	acumen
acumen	sadness	acumen
acumen	surprise	acumen
acumen	trust	acumen
mar	anger	mar
mar	anticipation	mar
mar	disgust	mar
mar	fear	mar
mar	joy	mar
mar	negative	mar
mar	positive	mar
mar	sadness	mar
mar	surprise	mar
mar	trust	mar
grill	anger	asar
grill	anticipation	asar
grill	disgust	asar
grill	fear	asar
grill	joy	asar
grill	negative	asar
grill	positive	asar
grill	sadness	asar
grill	surprise	asar
grill	trust	asar
newborn	anger	bebé
newborn	anticipation	de bebé
newborn	disgust	de bebé
newborn	fear	de bebé
newborn	joy	bebé
newborn	negative	de bebé
newborn	positive	de bebé
newborn	sadness	de bebé
newborn	surprise	bebé
newborn	trust	de bebé que
thrilling	anger	emociona
thrilling	anticipation	emocionante
thrilling	disgust	emocionante
thrilling	fear	emocionante
thrilling	joy	emocionante
thrilling	negative	emocionante
thrilling	positive	emocionante
thrilling	sadness	martillo
thrilling	surprise	de martillo
thrilling	trust	emocionante
hammer	anger	emocionante
hammer	anticipation	emocionante
hammer	disgust	martillo
hammer	fear	de martillo
hammer	joy	de martillo
hammer	negative	de martillo
hammer	positive	martillo
hammer	sadness	de martillo
hammer	surprise	de martillo
hammer	trust	de martillo
triple	anger	triple
triple	anticipation	triple
triple	disgust	triple
triple	fear	triple
triple	joy	triple
triple	negative	triple
triple	positive	triple
triple	sadness	triple
triple	surprise	triple
triple	trust	triple
pacific	anger	pacific
pacific	anticipation	pacific
pacific	disgust	pacific
pacific	fear	pacific
pacific	joy	pacific
pacific	negative	pacific
pacific	positive	pacific
pacific	sadness	pacific
pacific	surprise	pacific
pacific	trust	pacific
distressed	anger	afligido
distressed	anticipation	afligido
distressed	disgust	afligido
distressed	fear	afligido
distressed	joy	afligido
distressed	negative	afligido
distressed	positive	afligido
distressed	sadness	artesano
distressed	surprise	de artesano
distressed	trust	afligido
artisan	anger	afligido
artisan	anticipation	afligido
artisan	disgust	artesano
artisan	fear	de artesano
artisan	joy	de artesano
artisan	negative	de artesano
artisan	positive	artesano
artisan	sadness	de artesano
artisan	surprise	de artesano
artisan	trust	de artesano
vegetation	anger	vegetación
vegetation	anticipation	de vegetación
vegetation	disgust	de vegetación
vegetation	fear	de vegetación
vegetation	joy	vegetación
vegetation	negative	de vegetación
vegetation	positive	de vegetación
vegetation	sadness	de vegetación
vegetation	surprise	esquina
vegetation	trust	de esquina
corner	anger	de vegetación
corner	anticipation	de vegetación
corner	disgust	esquina
corner	fear	de esquina
corner	joy	de esquina
corner	negative	de esquina
corner	positive	esquina
corner	sadness	de esquina
corner	surprise	de esquina
corner	trust	de esquina
unwelcome	anger	unwelcome
unwelcome	anticipation	unwelcome
unwelcome	disgust	unwelcome
unwelcome	fear	unwelcome
unwelcome	joy	unwelcome
unwelcome	negative	unwelcome
unwelcome	positive	unwelcome
unwelcome	sadness	unwelcome
unwelcome	surprise	unwelcome
unwelcome	trust	unwelcome
cocktail	anger	cóctel
cocktail	anticipation	de cóctel
cocktail	disgust	de cóctel
cocktail	fear	de cóctel
cocktail	joy	cóctel
cocktail	negative	de cóctel
cocktail	positive	de cóctel
cocktail	sadness	de cóctel
cocktail	surprise	orientación
cocktail	trust	de orientación
orientation	anger	de cóctel
orientation	anticipation	de cóctel
orientation	disgust	orientación
orientation	fear	de orientación
orientation	joy	de orientación
orientation	negative	de orientación
orientation	positive	orientación
orientation	sadness	de orientación
orientation	surprise	de orientación
orientation	trust	de orientación
complicated	anger	complicó
complicated	anticipation	complicada
complicated	disgust	complicó
complicated	fear	complicado
complicated	joy	complicó
complicated	negative	complicado
complicated	positive	complicó
complicated	sadness	complicado
complicated	surprise	complicó
complicated	trust	federación
federation	anger	de federación
federation	anticipation	de federación
federation	disgust	complicada
federation	fear	federación
federation	joy	de federación
federation	negative	de federación
federation	positive	de federación
federation	sadness	federación
federation	surprise	de federación
federation	trust	de la federación
steamship	anger	steamship
steamship	anticipation	steamship
steamship	disgust	steamship
steamship	fear	steamship
steamship	joy	steamship
steamship	negative	steamship
steamship	positive	steamship
steamship	sadness	steamship
steamship	surprise	steamship
steamship	trust	steamship
princess	anger	princesa
princess	anticipation	de princesa
princess	disgust	de princesa
princess	fear	de princesa
princess	joy	princesa
princess	negative	de princesa
princess	positive	de princesa
princess	sadness	de princesa
princess	surprise	princesa
princess	trust	de princesa
restrained	anger	restrained
restrained	anticipation	restrained
restrained	disgust	restrained
restrained	fear	restrained
restrained	joy	restrained
restrained	negative	restrained
restrained	positive	restrained
restrained	sadness	restrained
restrained	surprise	restrained
restrained	trust	restrained
confirm	anger	confirmar
confirm	anticipation	confirmar
confirm	disgust	confirmar
confirm	fear	confirmar
confirm	joy	confirmar
confirm	negative	confirmar
confirm	positive	confirmar
confirm	sadness	confirmar
confirm	surprise	confirmar
confirm	trust	confirmar
slightly	anger	ligeramente
slightly	anticipation	ligeramente
slightly	disgust	ligeramente
slightly	fear	ligeramente
slightly	joy	ligeramente
slightly	negative	ligeramente
slightly	positive	ligeramente
slightly	sadness	ligeramente
slightly	surprise	ligeramente
slightly	trust	ligeramente
oils	anger	aceites
oils	anticipation	de aceites
oils	disgust	de aceites
oils	fear	de aceites
oils	joy	aceites
oils	negative	de aceites
oils	positive	de aceites
oils	sadness	de aceites
oils	surprise	cromosoma
oils	trust	de cromosoma
chromosome	anger	de aceites
chromosome	anticipation	de aceites
chromosome	disgust	cromosoma
chromosome	fear	de cromosoma
chromosome	joy	de cromosoma
chromosome	negative	de cromosoma
chromosome	positive	cromosoma
chromosome	sadness	de cromosoma
chromosome	surprise	de cromosoma
chromosome	trust	de cromosoma
predisposition	anger	predisposición
predisposition	anticipation	de predisposición
predisposition	disgust	de predisposición
predisposition	fear	de predisposición
predisposition	joy	predisposición
predisposition	negative	de predisposición
predisposition	positive	de predisposición
predisposition	sadness	de predisposición
predisposition	surprise	predisposición
predisposition	trust	de predisposición
empty	anger	vacía
empty	anticipation	vacío
empty	disgust	vacío
empty	fear	vacío
empty	joy	vacío
empty	negative	vacío
empty	positive	vacío
empty	sadness	alegría
empty	surprise	de alegría
empty	trust	vacía
joy	anger	vacía
joy	anticipation	vacía
joy	disgust	alegría
joy	fear	de alegría
joy	joy	de alegría
joy	negative	de alegría
joy	positive	alegría
joy	sadness	de alegría
joy	surprise	de alegría
joy	trust	de alegría
cleanliness	anger	cleanliness
cleanliness	anticipation	cleanliness
cleanliness	disgust	cleanliness
cleanliness	fear	cleanliness
cleanliness	joy	cleanliness
cleanliness	negative	cleanliness
cleanliness	positive	cleanliness
cleanliness	sadness	cleanliness
cleanliness	surprise	cleanliness
cleanliness	trust	cleanliness
marmalade	anger	marmalade
marmalade	anticipation	marmalade
marmalade	disgust	marmalade
marmalade	fear	marmalade
marmalade	joy	marmalade
marmalade	negative	marmalade
marmalade	positive	marmalade
marmalade	sadness	marmalade
marmalade	surprise	marmalade
marmalade	trust	marmalade
apace	anger	rápidamente
apace	anticipation	rápidamente
apace	disgust	rápidamente
apace	fear	rápidamente
apace	joy	rápidamente
apace	negative	rápidamente
apace	positive	rápidamente
apace	sadness	rápidamente
apace	surprise	rápidamente
apace	trust	rápidamente
thief	anger	ladrón
thief	anticipation	de ladrón
thief	disgust	de ladrón
thief	fear	de ladrón
thief	joy	ladrón
thief	negative	de ladrón
thief	positive	de ladrón
thief	sadness	de ladrón
thief	surprise	ladrón
thief	trust	de ladrón
dolor	anger	dolor
dolor	anticipation	dolor
dolor	disgust	dolor
dolor	fear	dolor
dolor	joy	dolor
dolor	negative	dolor
dolor	positive	dolor
dolor	sadness	dolor
dolor	surprise	dolor
dolor	trust	dolor
mother	anger	madre
mother	anticipation	de madre
mother	disgust	de madre
mother	fear	de madre
mother	joy	madre
mother	negative	de madre
mother	positive	de madre
mother	sadness	de madre
mother	surprise	madre
mother	trust	de madre
naughty	anger	traviesa
naughty	anticipation	travieso
naughty	disgust	travieso
naughty	fear	travieso
naughty	joy	travieso
naughty	negative	travieso
naughty	positive	travieso
naughty	sadness	travieso
naughty	surprise	travieso
naughty	trust	travieso
absorbed	anger	absorbió
absorbed	anticipation	absorbido
absorbed	disgust	absorbió
absorbed	fear	absorbido
absorbed	joy	absorbió
absorbed	negative	absorbido
absorbed	positive	absorbió
absorbed	sadness	absorbido
absorbed	surprise	absorbió
absorbed	trust	absorbido
beaming	anger	beaming
beaming	anticipation	beaming
beaming	disgust	beaming
beaming	fear	beaming
beaming	joy	beaming
beaming	negative	beaming
beaming	positive	beaming
beaming	sadness	beaming
beaming	surprise	beaming
beaming	trust	beaming
concentrate	anger	concentrar
concentrate	anticipation	concentrar
concentrate	disgust	concentrar
concentrate	fear	concentrar
concentrate	joy	concentrar
concentrate	negative	concentrar
concentrate	positive	concentrar
concentrate	sadness	concentrar
concentrate	surprise	concentrar
concentrate	trust	concentrar
stopping	anger	parando
stopping	anticipation	parando
stopping	disgust	parando
stopping	fear	parando
stopping	joy	parando
stopping	negative	parando
stopping	positive	parando
stopping	sadness	parando
stopping	surprise	parando
stopping	trust	parando
bier	anger	bier
bier	anticipation	bier
bier	disgust	bier
bier	fear	bier
bier	joy	bier
bier	negative	bier
bier	positive	bier
bier	sadness	bier
bier	surprise	bier
bier	trust	bier
dust	anger	polvo
dust	anticipation	de polvo
dust	disgust	de polvo
dust	fear	de polvo
dust	joy	polvo
dust	negative	de polvo
dust	positive	de polvo
dust	sadness	de polvo
dust	surprise	tipo
dust	trust	de tipo
guy	anger	de polvo
guy	anticipation	de polvo
guy	disgust	tipo
guy	fear	de tipo
guy	joy	de tipo
guy	negative	de tipo
guy	positive	tipo
guy	sadness	de tipo
guy	surprise	de tipo
guy	trust	de tipo
muddy	anger	embarrado
muddy	anticipation	embarrado
muddy	disgust	embarrado
muddy	fear	embarrado
muddy	joy	embarrado
muddy	negative	embarrado
muddy	positive	embarrado
muddy	sadness	embarrado
muddy	surprise	embarrado
muddy	trust	embarrado
unbiased	anger	unbiased
unbiased	anticipation	unbiased
unbiased	disgust	unbiased
unbiased	fear	unbiased
unbiased	joy	unbiased
unbiased	negative	unbiased
unbiased	positive	unbiased
unbiased	sadness	unbiased
unbiased	surprise	unbiased
unbiased	trust	unbiased
surprising	anger	sorprendente
surprising	anticipation	sorprendente
surprising	disgust	sorprendente
surprising	fear	sorprendente
surprising	joy	sorprendente
surprising	negative	sorprendente
surprising	positive	sorprendente
surprising	sadness	sorprendente
surprising	surprise	sorprendente
surprising	trust	sorprendente
leash	anger	leash
leash	anticipation	leash
leash	disgust	leash
leash	fear	leash
leash	joy	leash
leash	negative	leash
leash	positive	leash
leash	sadness	leash
leash	surprise	leash
leash	trust	leash
skid	anger	skid
skid	anticipation	skid
skid	disgust	skid
skid	fear	skid
skid	joy	skid
skid	negative	skid
skid	positive	skid
skid	sadness	skid
skid	surprise	skid
skid	trust	skid
scores	anger	puntuaciones
scores	anticipation	de puntuaciones
scores	disgust	puntúa
scores	fear	las puntuaciones
scores	joy	puntúa
scores	negative	las puntuaciones
scores	positive	puntúa
scores	sadness	las puntuaciones
scores	surprise	puntúa
scores	trust	las puntuaciones
exaggerated	anger	exageraron
exaggerated	anticipation	exageradas
exaggerated	disgust	exageró
exaggerated	fear	exagerado
exaggerated	joy	exageró
exaggerated	negative	exagerado
exaggerated	positive	exageró
exaggerated	sadness	exagerado
exaggerated	surprise	exageró
exaggerated	trust	humanidad
mankind	anger	de humanidad
mankind	anticipation	de humanidad
mankind	disgust	exagerada
mankind	fear	humanidad
mankind	joy	de humanidad
mankind	negative	de humanidad
mankind	positive	de humanidad
mankind	sadness	abuelo
mankind	surprise	de humanidad
mankind	trust	de humanidad
grandfather	anger	de humanidad
grandfather	anticipation	abuelo
grandfather	disgust	de abuelo
grandfather	fear	de abuelo
grandfather	joy	de abuelo
grandfather	negative	abuelo
grandfather	positive	de abuelo
grandfather	sadness	de abuelo
grandfather	surprise	de abuelo
grandfather	trust	abuelo
glitter	anger	glitter
glitter	anticipation	glitter
glitter	disgust	glitter
glitter	fear	glitter
glitter	joy	glitter
glitter	negative	glitter
glitter	positive	glitter
glitter	sadness	glitter
glitter	surprise	glitter
glitter	trust	glitter
ornamentation	anger	ornamentation
ornamentation	anticipation	ornamentation
ornamentation	disgust	ornamentation
ornamentation	fear	ornamentation
ornamentation	joy	ornamentation
ornamentation	negative	ornamentation
ornamentation	positive	ornamentation
ornamentation	sadness	ornamentation
ornamentation	surprise	ornamentation
ornamentation	trust	ornamentation
objectionable	anger	objectionable
objectionable	anticipation	objectionable
objectionable	disgust	objectionable
objectionable	fear	objectionable
objectionable	joy	objectionable
objectionable	negative	objectionable
objectionable	positive	objectionable
objectionable	sadness	objectionable
objectionable	surprise	objectionable
objectionable	trust	objectionable
relativity	anger	relatividad
relativity	anticipation	de relatividad
relativity	disgust	de relatividad
relativity	fear	de relatividad
relativity	joy	relatividad
relativity	negative	de relatividad
relativity	positive	de relatividad
relativity	sadness	de relatividad
relativity	surprise	relatividad
relativity	trust	de relatividad
rejuvenate	anger	rejuvenece
rejuvenate	anticipation	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	disgust	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	fear	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	joy	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	negative	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	positive	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	sadness	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	surprise	rejuvenecer
rejuvenate	trust	rejuvenecer
compelling	anger	obligando
compelling	anticipation	obligando
compelling	disgust	obligando
compelling	fear	obligando
compelling	joy	obligando
compelling	negative	obligando
compelling	positive	obligando
compelling	sadness	obligando
compelling	surprise	obligando
compelling	trust	obligando
hoary	anger	hoary
hoary	anticipation	hoary
hoary	disgust	hoary
hoary	fear	hoary
hoary	joy	hoary
hoary	negative	hoary
hoary	positive	hoary
hoary	sadness	hoary
hoary	surprise	hoary
hoary	trust	hoary
quiver	anger	temblar
quiver	anticipation	temblar
quiver	disgust	temblar
quiver	fear	temblar
quiver	joy	temblar
quiver	negative	temblar
quiver	positive	temblar
quiver	sadness	temblar
quiver	surprise	temblar
quiver	trust	temblar
playa	anger	playa
playa	anticipation	playa
playa	disgust	playa
playa	fear	playa
playa	joy	playa
playa	negative	playa
playa	positive	playa
playa	sadness	playa
playa	surprise	playa
playa	trust	playa
fraudulent	anger	fraudulento
fraudulent	anticipation	fraudulento
fraudulent	disgust	fraudulento
fraudulent	fear	fraudulento
fraudulent	joy	fraudulento
fraudulent	negative	fraudulento
fraudulent	positive	fraudulento
fraudulent	sadness	fraudulento
fraudulent	surprise	fraudulento
fraudulent	trust	fraudulento
limp	anger	cojear
limp	anticipation	cojear
limp	disgust	cojear
limp	fear	cojear
limp	joy	cojear
limp	negative	cojear
limp	positive	cojear
limp	sadness	cojear
limp	surprise	cojear
limp	trust	cojear
nightmare	anger	pesadilla
nightmare	anticipation	de pesadilla
nightmare	disgust	de pesadilla
nightmare	fear	de pesadilla
nightmare	joy	pesadilla
nightmare	negative	de pesadilla
nightmare	positive	de pesadilla
nightmare	sadness	de pesadilla
nightmare	surprise	pesadilla
nightmare	trust	de pesadilla
certify	anger	certifica
certify	anticipation	certificar
certify	disgust	certificar
certify	fear	certificar
certify	joy	certificar
certify	negative	certificar
certify	positive	certificar
certify	sadness	certificar
certify	surprise	certificar
certify	trust	certificar
disqualified	anger	descalificado
disqualified	anticipation	descalificó
disqualified	disgust	descalificado
disqualified	fear	descalificó
disqualified	joy	descalificado
disqualified	negative	descalificó
disqualified	positive	descalificó
disqualified	sadness	descalificado
disqualified	surprise	descalificó
disqualified	trust	descalificado
fuzz	anger	fuzz
fuzz	anticipation	fuzz
fuzz	disgust	fuzz
fuzz	fear	fuzz
fuzz	joy	fuzz
fuzz	negative	fuzz
fuzz	positive	fuzz
fuzz	sadness	fuzz
fuzz	surprise	fuzz
fuzz	trust	fuzz
unanimity	anger	unanimidad
unanimity	anticipation	de unanimidad
unanimity	disgust	de unanimidad
unanimity	fear	de unanimidad
unanimity	joy	unanimidad
unanimity	negative	de unanimidad
unanimity	positive	de unanimidad
unanimity	sadness	de unanimidad
unanimity	surprise	unanimidad
unanimity	trust	de unanimidad
sphinx	anger	sphinx
sphinx	anticipation	sphinx
sphinx	disgust	sphinx
sphinx	fear	sphinx
sphinx	joy	sphinx
sphinx	negative	sphinx
sphinx	positive	sphinx
sphinx	sadness	sphinx
sphinx	surprise	sphinx
sphinx	trust	sphinx
anatomy	anger	anatomía
anatomy	anticipation	de anatomía
anatomy	disgust	de anatomía
anatomy	fear	de anatomía
anatomy	joy	anatomía
anatomy	negative	de anatomía
anatomy	positive	de anatomía
anatomy	sadness	de anatomía
anatomy	surprise	anatomía
anatomy	trust	de anatomía
gander	anger	gander
gander	anticipation	gander
gander	disgust	gander
gander	fear	gander
gander	joy	gander
gander	negative	gander
gander	positive	gander
gander	sadness	gander
gander	surprise	gander
gander	trust	gander
gluten	anger	gluten
gluten	anticipation	de gluten
gluten	disgust	de gluten
gluten	fear	de gluten
gluten	joy	gluten
gluten	negative	de gluten
gluten	positive	de gluten
gluten	sadness	de gluten
gluten	surprise	decencia
gluten	trust	de decencia
decency	anger	de gluten
decency	anticipation	de gluten
decency	disgust	decencia
decency	fear	de decencia
decency	joy	de decencia
decency	negative	de decencia
decency	positive	decencia
decency	sadness	de decencia
decency	surprise	de decencia
decency	trust	de decencia
zebra	anger	cebra
zebra	anticipation	de cebra
zebra	disgust	de cebra
zebra	fear	de cebra
zebra	joy	cebra
zebra	negative	de cebra
zebra	positive	de cebra
zebra	sadness	de cebra
zebra	surprise	huella
zebra	trust	de huella
footprint	anger	de cebra
footprint	anticipation	de cebra
footprint	disgust	huella
footprint	fear	de huella
footprint	joy	de huella
footprint	negative	de huella
footprint	positive	huella
footprint	sadness	de huella
footprint	surprise	de huella
footprint	trust	de huella
sneak	anger	sneak
sneak	anticipation	sneak
sneak	disgust	sneak
sneak	fear	sneak
sneak	joy	sneak
sneak	negative	sneak
sneak	positive	sneak
sneak	sadness	sneak
sneak	surprise	sneak
sneak	trust	sneak
illicit	anger	ilícito
illicit	anticipation	ilícito
illicit	disgust	ilícito
illicit	fear	ilícito
illicit	joy	ilícito
illicit	negative	ilícito
illicit	positive	ilícito
illicit	sadness	ilícito
illicit	surprise	ilícito
illicit	trust	ilícito
offense	anger	offense
offense	anticipation	offense
offense	disgust	offense
offense	fear	offense
offense	joy	offense
offense	negative	offense
offense	positive	offense
offense	sadness	offense
offense	surprise	offense
offense	trust	offense
constellation	anger	constelación
constellation	anticipation	de constelación
constellation	disgust	de constelación
constellation	fear	de constelación
constellation	joy	constelación
constellation	negative	de constelación
constellation	positive	de constelación
constellation	sadness	de constelación
constellation	surprise	transparencia
constellation	trust	de transparencia
openness	anger	de constelación
openness	anticipation	de constelación
openness	disgust	transparencia
openness	fear	de transparencia
openness	joy	de transparencia
openness	negative	de transparencia
openness	positive	transparencia
openness	sadness	de transparencia
openness	surprise	de transparencia
openness	trust	de transparencia
microbe	anger	microbio
microbe	anticipation	de microbio
microbe	disgust	de microbio
microbe	fear	de microbio
microbe	joy	microbio
microbe	negative	de microbio
microbe	positive	de microbio
microbe	sadness	de microbio
microbe	surprise	laboratorio
microbe	trust	de laboratorio
lab	anger	de microbio
lab	anticipation	de microbio
lab	disgust	laboratorio
lab	fear	de laboratorio
lab	joy	de laboratorio
lab	negative	de laboratorio
lab	positive	laboratorio
lab	sadness	de laboratorio
lab	surprise	de laboratorio
lab	trust	de laboratorio
worm	anger	gusano
worm	anticipation	de gusano
worm	disgust	de gusano
worm	fear	de gusano
worm	joy	gusano
worm	negative	de gusano
worm	positive	de gusano
worm	sadness	de gusano
worm	surprise	dureza
worm	trust	de dureza
hardness	anger	de gusano
hardness	anticipation	de gusano
hardness	disgust	dureza
hardness	fear	de dureza
hardness	joy	de dureza
hardness	negative	de dureza
hardness	positive	dureza
hardness	sadness	de dureza
hardness	surprise	de dureza
hardness	trust	de dureza
hypocrite	anger	hypocrite
hypocrite	anticipation	hypocrite
hypocrite	disgust	hypocrite
hypocrite	fear	hypocrite
hypocrite	joy	hypocrite
hypocrite	negative	hypocrite
hypocrite	positive	hypocrite
hypocrite	sadness	hypocrite
hypocrite	surprise	hypocrite
hypocrite	trust	hypocrite
archaeological	anger	arqueológico
archaeological	anticipation	arqueológico
archaeological	disgust	arqueológico
archaeological	fear	arqueológico
archaeological	joy	arqueológico
archaeological	negative	arqueológico
archaeological	positive	arqueológico
archaeological	sadness	arqueológico
archaeological	surprise	arqueológico
archaeological	trust	arqueológico
laboring	anger	laboring
laboring	anticipation	laboring
laboring	disgust	laboring
laboring	fear	laboring
laboring	joy	laboring
laboring	negative	laboring
laboring	positive	laboring
laboring	sadness	laboring
laboring	surprise	laboring
laboring	trust	laboring
sith	anger	sith
sith	anticipation	sith
sith	disgust	sith
sith	fear	sith
sith	joy	sith
sith	negative	sith
sith	positive	sith
sith	sadness	sith
sith	surprise	sith
sith	trust	sith
pleasurable	anger	pleasurable
pleasurable	anticipation	pleasurable
pleasurable	disgust	pleasurable
pleasurable	fear	pleasurable
pleasurable	joy	pleasurable
pleasurable	negative	pleasurable
pleasurable	positive	pleasurable
pleasurable	sadness	pleasurable
pleasurable	surprise	pleasurable
pleasurable	trust	pleasurable
coast	anger	costa
coast	anticipation	de costa
coast	disgust	de costa
coast	fear	de costa
coast	joy	costa
coast	negative	de costa
coast	positive	de costa
coast	sadness	de costa
coast	surprise	estrato
coast	trust	de estrato
stratum	anger	de costa
stratum	anticipation	de costa
stratum	disgust	estrato
stratum	fear	de estrato
stratum	joy	de estrato
stratum	negative	de estrato
stratum	positive	estrato
stratum	sadness	de estrato
stratum	surprise	de estrato
stratum	trust	de estrato
jolt	anger	sacudida
jolt	anticipation	de sacudida
jolt	disgust	de sacudida
jolt	fear	de sacudida
jolt	joy	sacudida
jolt	negative	de sacudida
jolt	positive	de sacudida
jolt	sadness	de sacudida
jolt	surprise	sacudida
jolt	trust	de sacudida
remote	anger	remota
remote	anticipation	remoto
remote	disgust	remoto
remote	fear	remoto
remote	joy	remoto
remote	negative	remoto
remote	positive	remoto
remote	sadness	propuesta
remote	surprise	de propuesta
remote	trust	remota
proposal	anger	remota
proposal	anticipation	remota
proposal	disgust	propuesta
proposal	fear	de propuesta
proposal	joy	de propuesta
proposal	negative	de propuesta
proposal	positive	propuesta
proposal	sadness	de propuesta
proposal	surprise	de propuesta
proposal	trust	de propuesta
challenge	anger	reto
challenge	anticipation	de reto
challenge	disgust	de reto
challenge	fear	de reto
challenge	joy	reto
challenge	negative	de reto
challenge	positive	de reto
challenge	sadness	de reto
challenge	surprise	gripe
challenge	trust	de gripe
flu	anger	de reto
flu	anticipation	de reto
flu	disgust	gripe
flu	fear	de gripe
flu	joy	de gripe
flu	negative	de gripe
flu	positive	gripe
flu	sadness	de gripe
flu	surprise	de gripe
flu	trust	de gripe que
planting	anger	planta
planting	anticipation	plantando
planting	disgust	plantando
planting	fear	plantando
planting	joy	plantando
planting	negative	plantando
planting	positive	plantando
planting	sadness	plantando
planting	surprise	plantando
planting	trust	plantando
ascertained	anger	constató
ascertained	anticipation	constatado
ascertained	disgust	constató
ascertained	fear	constatado
ascertained	joy	constató
ascertained	negative	constatado
ascertained	positive	constató
ascertained	sadness	constatado
ascertained	surprise	constató
ascertained	trust	constatado
chromatic	anger	cromático
chromatic	anticipation	cromático
chromatic	disgust	cromático
chromatic	fear	cromático
chromatic	joy	cromático
chromatic	negative	cromático
chromatic	positive	cromático
chromatic	sadness	intimidad
chromatic	surprise	de intimidad
chromatic	trust	cromática
privacy	anger	cromática
privacy	anticipation	cromática
privacy	disgust	intimidad
privacy	fear	de intimidad
privacy	joy	de intimidad
privacy	negative	de intimidad
privacy	positive	intimidad
privacy	sadness	de intimidad
privacy	surprise	de intimidad
privacy	trust	de intimidad
disruption	anger	disrupción
disruption	anticipation	de disrupción
disruption	disgust	de disrupción
disruption	fear	de disrupción
disruption	joy	disrupción
disruption	negative	de disrupción
disruption	positive	de disrupción
disruption	sadness	de disrupción
disruption	surprise	billares
disruption	trust	de billares
billiards	anger	de disrupción
billiards	anticipation	de disrupción
billiards	disgust	billares
billiards	fear	de billares
billiards	joy	de billares
billiards	negative	de billares
billiards	positive	billares
billiards	sadness	de billares
billiards	surprise	de billares
billiards	trust	de billares
flavor	anger	sabor
flavor	anticipation	de sabor
flavor	disgust	de sabor
flavor	fear	de sabor
flavor	joy	sabor
flavor	negative	de sabor
flavor	positive	de sabor
flavor	sadness	de sabor
flavor	surprise	responsabilidad
flavor	trust	de responsabilidad
liability	anger	de sabor
liability	anticipation	de sabor
liability	disgust	responsabilidad
liability	fear	de responsabilidad
liability	joy	de responsabilidad
liability	negative	de responsabilidad
liability	positive	responsabilidad
liability	sadness	de responsabilidad
liability	surprise	de responsabilidad
liability	trust	de responsabilidad
stethoscope	anger	estetoscopio
stethoscope	anticipation	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	disgust	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	fear	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	joy	estetoscopio
stethoscope	negative	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	positive	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	sadness	de estetoscopio
stethoscope	surprise	estetoscopio
stethoscope	trust	de estetoscopio
stark	anger	duro
stark	anticipation	duro
stark	disgust	duro
stark	fear	duro
stark	joy	duro
stark	negative	duro
stark	positive	duro
stark	sadness	duro
stark	surprise	duro
stark	trust	duro
surety	anger	surety
surety	anticipation	surety
surety	disgust	surety
surety	fear	surety
surety	joy	surety
surety	negative	surety
surety	positive	surety
surety	sadness	surety
surety	surprise	surety
surety	trust	surety
straw	anger	paja
straw	anticipation	de paja
straw	disgust	de paja
straw	fear	de paja
straw	joy	paja
straw	negative	de paja
straw	positive	de paja
straw	sadness	de paja
straw	surprise	equivalente
straw	trust	de equivalente
analogue	anger	de paja
analogue	anticipation	de paja
analogue	disgust	equivalente
analogue	fear	de equivalente
analogue	joy	de equivalente
analogue	negative	de equivalente
analogue	positive	equivalente
analogue	sadness	de equivalente
analogue	surprise	de equivalente
analogue	trust	de equivalente
revenue	anger	ingresos
revenue	anticipation	de ingresos
revenue	disgust	de ingresos
revenue	fear	de ingresos
revenue	joy	ingresos
revenue	negative	de ingresos
revenue	positive	de ingresos
revenue	sadness	de ingresos
revenue	surprise	ingresos
revenue	trust	de ingresos
mortgagor	anger	mortgagor
mortgagor	anticipation	mortgagor
mortgagor	disgust	mortgagor
mortgagor	fear	mortgagor
mortgagor	joy	mortgagor
mortgagor	negative	mortgagor
mortgagor	positive	mortgagor
mortgagor	sadness	mortgagor
mortgagor	surprise	mortgagor
mortgagor	trust	mortgagor
explore	anger	explorar
explore	anticipation	explorar
explore	disgust	explorar
explore	fear	explorar
explore	joy	explorar
explore	negative	explorar
explore	positive	explorar
explore	sadness	explorar
explore	surprise	explorar
explore	trust	explorar
chandelier	anger	chandelier
chandelier	anticipation	chandelier
chandelier	disgust	chandelier
chandelier	fear	chandelier
chandelier	joy	chandelier
chandelier	negative	chandelier
chandelier	positive	chandelier
chandelier	sadness	chandelier
chandelier	surprise	chandelier
chandelier	trust	chandelier
investor	anger	inversor
investor	anticipation	de inversor
investor	disgust	de inversor
investor	fear	de inversor
investor	joy	inversor
investor	negative	de inversor
investor	positive	de inversor
investor	sadness	de inversor
investor	surprise	masculinidad
investor	trust	de masculinidad
masculinity	anger	de inversor
masculinity	anticipation	de inversor
masculinity	disgust	masculinidad
masculinity	fear	de masculinidad
masculinity	joy	de masculinidad
masculinity	negative	de masculinidad
masculinity	positive	masculinidad
masculinity	sadness	de masculinidad
masculinity	surprise	de masculinidad
masculinity	trust	de masculinidad
vivacious	anger	vivacious
vivacious	anticipation	vivacious
vivacious	disgust	vivacious
vivacious	fear	vivacious
vivacious	joy	vivacious
vivacious	negative	vivacious
vivacious	positive	vivacious
vivacious	sadness	vivacious
vivacious	surprise	vivacious
vivacious	trust	vivacious
insulate	anger	insulate
insulate	anticipation	insulate
insulate	disgust	insulate
insulate	fear	insulate
insulate	joy	insulate
insulate	negative	insulate
insulate	positive	insulate
insulate	sadness	insulate
insulate	surprise	insulate
insulate	trust	insulate
unsuccessful	anger	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	anticipation	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	disgust	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	fear	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	joy	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	negative	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	positive	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	sadness	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	surprise	unsuccessful
unsuccessful	trust	unsuccessful
universality	anger	universalidad
universality	anticipation	de universalidad
universality	disgust	de universalidad
universality	fear	de universalidad
universality	joy	universalidad
universality	negative	de universalidad
universality	positive	de universalidad
universality	sadness	de universalidad
universality	surprise	universalidad
universality	trust	de universalidad
authenticate	anger	autentica
authenticate	anticipation	autenticar
authenticate	disgust	autenticar
authenticate	fear	autenticar
authenticate	joy	autenticar
authenticate	negative	autenticar
authenticate	positive	autenticar
authenticate	sadness	autenticar
authenticate	surprise	autenticar
authenticate	trust	autenticar
quickly	anger	deprisa
quickly	anticipation	deprisa
quickly	disgust	deprisa
quickly	fear	deprisa
quickly	joy	deprisa
quickly	negative	deprisa
quickly	positive	deprisa
quickly	sadness	deprisa
quickly	surprise	deprisa
quickly	trust	deprisa
melting	anger	fundiendo
melting	anticipation	fundiendo
melting	disgust	fundiendo
melting	fear	fundiendo
melting	joy	fundiendo
melting	negative	fundiendo
melting	positive	fundiendo
melting	sadness	fundiendo
melting	surprise	fundiendo
melting	trust	fundiendo
sword	anger	espada
sword	anticipation	de espada
sword	disgust	de espada
sword	fear	de espada
sword	joy	espada
sword	negative	de espada
sword	positive	de espada
sword	sadness	de espada
sword	surprise	espada
sword	trust	de espada
whiz	anger	whiz
whiz	anticipation	whiz
whiz	disgust	whiz
whiz	fear	whiz
whiz	joy	whiz
whiz	negative	whiz
whiz	positive	whiz
whiz	sadness	whiz
whiz	surprise	whiz
whiz	trust	whiz
probation	anger	libertad informativa
probation	anticipation	de libertad informativa
probation	disgust	de libertad informativa
probation	fear	de libertad informativa
probation	joy	libertad informativa
probation	negative	de libertad informativa
probation	positive	de libertad informativa
probation	sadness	de libertad informativa
probation	surprise	libertad informativa
probation	trust	de libertad informativa
juvenile	anger	juvenil
juvenile	anticipation	juvenil
juvenile	disgust	juvenil
juvenile	fear	juvenil
juvenile	joy	juvenil
juvenile	negative	juvenil
juvenile	positive	juvenil
juvenile	sadness	juvenil
juvenile	surprise	juvenil
juvenile	trust	juvenil
pique	anger	pique
pique	anticipation	pique
pique	disgust	pique
pique	fear	pique
pique	joy	pique
pique	negative	pique
pique	positive	pique
pique	sadness	pique
pique	surprise	pique
pique	trust	pique
advent	anger	advenimiento
advent	anticipation	de advenimiento
advent	disgust	de advenimiento
advent	fear	de advenimiento
advent	joy	advenimiento
advent	negative	de advenimiento
advent	positive	de advenimiento
advent	sadness	de advenimiento
advent	surprise	advenimiento
advent	trust	de advenimiento
dissatisfied	anger	descontento
dissatisfied	anticipation	descontento
dissatisfied	disgust	descontento
dissatisfied	fear	descontento
dissatisfied	joy	descontento
dissatisfied	negative	descontento
dissatisfied	positive	descontento
dissatisfied	sadness	exclusión
dissatisfied	surprise	de exclusión
dissatisfied	trust	descontenta
exclusion	anger	descontenta
exclusion	anticipation	descontenta
exclusion	disgust	exclusión
exclusion	fear	de exclusión
exclusion	joy	de exclusión
exclusion	negative	de exclusión
exclusion	positive	exclusión
exclusion	sadness	de exclusión
exclusion	surprise	de exclusión
exclusion	trust	de exclusión
solicitation	anger	solicitation
solicitation	anticipation	solicitation
solicitation	disgust	solicitation
solicitation	fear	solicitation
solicitation	joy	solicitation
solicitation	negative	solicitation
solicitation	positive	solicitation
solicitation	sadness	solicitation
solicitation	surprise	solicitation
solicitation	trust	solicitation
timberland	anger	timberland
timberland	anticipation	timberland
timberland	disgust	timberland
timberland	fear	timberland
timberland	joy	timberland
timberland	negative	timberland
timberland	positive	timberland
timberland	sadness	timberland
timberland	surprise	timberland
timberland	trust	timberland
terminal	anger	terminal
terminal	anticipation	terminal
terminal	disgust	terminal
terminal	fear	terminal
terminal	joy	terminal
terminal	negative	terminal
terminal	positive	terminal
terminal	sadness	terminal
terminal	surprise	terminal
terminal	trust	terminal
reveal	anger	revela
reveal	anticipation	revelar
reveal	disgust	revelar
reveal	fear	revelar
reveal	joy	revelar
reveal	negative	revelar
reveal	positive	revelar
reveal	sadness	revelar
reveal	surprise	revelar
reveal	trust	revelar
flee	anger	huir
flee	anticipation	huir
flee	disgust	huir
flee	fear	huir
flee	joy	huir
flee	negative	huir
flee	positive	huir
flee	sadness	huir
flee	surprise	huir
flee	trust	huir
hierarchical	anger	jerárquico
hierarchical	anticipation	jerárquico
hierarchical	disgust	jerárquico
hierarchical	fear	jerárquico
hierarchical	joy	jerárquico
hierarchical	negative	jerárquico
hierarchical	positive	jerárquico
hierarchical	sadness	oxímoron
hierarchical	surprise	de oxímoron
hierarchical	trust	jerárquico
oxymoron	anger	jerárquico
oxymoron	anticipation	jerárquico
oxymoron	disgust	oxímoron
oxymoron	fear	de oxímoron
oxymoron	joy	de oxímoron
oxymoron	negative	de oxímoron
oxymoron	positive	oxímoron
oxymoron	sadness	de oxímoron
oxymoron	surprise	de oxímoron
oxymoron	trust	de oxímoron
grotesque	anger	grotesque
grotesque	anticipation	grotesque
grotesque	disgust	grotesque
grotesque	fear	grotesque
grotesque	joy	grotesque
grotesque	negative	grotesque
grotesque	positive	grotesque
grotesque	sadness	grotesque
grotesque	surprise	grotesque
grotesque	trust	grotesque
fruit	anger	fruta
fruit	anticipation	de fruta
fruit	disgust	de fruta
fruit	fear	de fruta
fruit	joy	fruta
fruit	negative	de fruta
fruit	positive	de fruta
fruit	sadness	de fruta
fruit	surprise	fruta
fruit	trust	de fruta
inane	anger	inane
inane	anticipation	inane
inane	disgust	inane
inane	fear	inane
inane	joy	inane
inane	negative	inane
inane	positive	inane
inane	sadness	inane
inane	surprise	inane
inane	trust	inane
vibratory	anger	vibratorio
vibratory	anticipation	vibratorio
vibratory	disgust	vibratorio
vibratory	fear	vibratorio
vibratory	joy	vibratorio
vibratory	negative	vibratorio
vibratory	positive	vibratorio
vibratory	sadness	vibratorio
vibratory	surprise	vibratorio
vibratory	trust	vibratorio
conscientious	anger	concienzudo
conscientious	anticipation	concienzudo
conscientious	disgust	concienzudo
conscientious	fear	concienzudo
conscientious	joy	concienzudo
conscientious	negative	concienzudo
conscientious	positive	concienzudo
conscientious	sadness	pureza
conscientious	surprise	de pureza
conscientious	trust	concienzuda
purity	anger	concienzuda
purity	anticipation	concienzuda
purity	disgust	pureza
purity	fear	de pureza
purity	joy	de pureza
purity	negative	de pureza
purity	positive	pureza
purity	sadness	de pureza
purity	surprise	de pureza
purity	trust	de pureza
depletion	anger	depletion
depletion	anticipation	depletion
depletion	disgust	depletion
depletion	fear	depletion
depletion	joy	depletion
depletion	negative	depletion
depletion	positive	depletion
depletion	sadness	depletion
depletion	surprise	depletion
depletion	trust	depletion
opinionated	anger	opinionated
opinionated	anticipation	opinionated
opinionated	disgust	opinionated
opinionated	fear	opinionated
opinionated	joy	opinionated
opinionated	negative	opinionated
opinionated	positive	opinionated
opinionated	sadness	opinionated
opinionated	surprise	opinionated
opinionated	trust	opinionated
darkened	anger	oscureció
darkened	anticipation	oscurecido
darkened	disgust	oscureció
darkened	fear	oscurecido
darkened	joy	oscureció
darkened	negative	oscurecido
darkened	positive	oscureció
darkened	sadness	oscurecido
darkened	surprise	oscureció
darkened	trust	oscurecido
malignant	anger	maligno
malignant	anticipation	maligno
malignant	disgust	maligno
malignant	fear	maligno
malignant	joy	maligno
malignant	negative	maligno
malignant	positive	maligno
malignant	sadness	bombardeo
malignant	surprise	de bombardeo
malignant	trust	maligno
bombardment	anger	maligno
bombardment	anticipation	maligno
bombardment	disgust	bombardeo
bombardment	fear	de bombardeo
bombardment	joy	de bombardeo
bombardment	negative	de bombardeo
bombardment	positive	bombardeo
bombardment	sadness	de bombardeo
bombardment	surprise	de bombardeo
bombardment	trust	de bombardeo
resumption	anger	reanudación
resumption	anticipation	de reanudación
resumption	disgust	de reanudación
resumption	fear	de reanudación
resumption	joy	reanudación
resumption	negative	de reanudación
resumption	positive	de reanudación
resumption	sadness	de reanudación
resumption	surprise	reanudación
resumption	trust	de reanudación
rooted	anger	radicada
rooted	anticipation	radicado
rooted	disgust	radicado
rooted	fear	radicado
rooted	joy	radicado
rooted	negative	radicado
rooted	positive	radicado
rooted	sadness	maravilla
rooted	surprise	de maravilla
rooted	trust	radicada
marvel	anger	radicada
marvel	anticipation	radicada
marvel	disgust	maravilla
marvel	fear	de maravilla
marvel	joy	de maravilla
marvel	negative	de maravilla
marvel	positive	maravilla
marvel	sadness	de maravilla
marvel	surprise	de maravilla
marvel	trust	de maravilla
useless	anger	inútil
useless	anticipation	inútil
useless	disgust	inútil
useless	fear	inútil
useless	joy	inútil
useless	negative	inútil
useless	positive	inútil
useless	sadness	inútil
useless	surprise	inútil
useless	trust	inútil
subversive	anger	subversivo
subversive	anticipation	subversivo
subversive	disgust	subversivo
subversive	fear	subversivo
subversive	joy	subversivo
subversive	negative	subversivo
subversive	positive	subversor
subversive	sadness	subversivo
subversive	surprise	subversivo
subversive	trust	subversivo
inflict	anger	causa
inflict	anticipation	causar
inflict	disgust	causar
inflict	fear	causar
inflict	joy	causar
inflict	negative	causar
inflict	positive	causar
inflict	sadness	causar
inflict	surprise	causar
inflict	trust	causar
imprison	anger	encarcelar
imprison	anticipation	encarcelar
imprison	disgust	encarcelar
imprison	fear	encarcelar
imprison	joy	encarcelar
imprison	negative	encarcelar
imprison	positive	encarcelar
imprison	sadness	encarcelar
imprison	surprise	encarcelar
imprison	trust	encarcelar
irritating	anger	irritando
irritating	anticipation	irritando
irritating	disgust	irritando
irritating	fear	irritando
irritating	joy	irritando
irritating	negative	irritando
irritating	positive	irritando
irritating	sadness	irritando
irritating	surprise	irritando
irritating	trust	irritando
birthplace	anger	birthplace
birthplace	anticipation	birthplace
birthplace	disgust	birthplace
birthplace	fear	birthplace
birthplace	joy	birthplace
birthplace	negative	birthplace
birthplace	positive	birthplace
birthplace	sadness	birthplace
birthplace	surprise	birthplace
birthplace	trust	birthplace
scrambling	anger	mezclando
scrambling	anticipation	mezclando
scrambling	disgust	mezclando
scrambling	fear	mezclando
scrambling	joy	mezclando
scrambling	negative	mezclando
scrambling	positive	mezclando
scrambling	sadness	mezclando
scrambling	surprise	mezclando
scrambling	trust	mezclando
numerically	anger	numéricamente
numerically	anticipation	numéricamente
numerically	disgust	numéricamente
numerically	fear	numéricamente
numerically	joy	numéricamente
numerically	negative	numéricamente
numerically	positive	numéricamente
numerically	sadness	numéricamente
numerically	surprise	numéricamente
numerically	trust	numéricamente
palsy	anger	palsy
palsy	anticipation	palsy
palsy	disgust	palsy
palsy	fear	palsy
palsy	joy	palsy
palsy	negative	palsy
palsy	positive	palsy
palsy	sadness	palsy
palsy	surprise	palsy
palsy	trust	palsy
change	anger	cambio
change	anticipation	de cambio
change	disgust	de cambio
change	fear	de cambio
change	joy	cambio
change	negative	de cambio
change	positive	de cambio
change	sadness	de cambio
change	surprise	cambio
change	trust	de cambio
tawny	anger	tawny
tawny	anticipation	tawny
tawny	disgust	tawny
tawny	fear	tawny
tawny	joy	tawny
tawny	negative	tawny
tawny	positive	tawny
tawny	sadness	tawny
tawny	surprise	tawny
tawny	trust	tawny
perimeter	anger	perímetro
perimeter	anticipation	de perímetro
perimeter	disgust	de perímetro
perimeter	fear	de perímetro
perimeter	joy	perímetro
perimeter	negative	de perímetro
perimeter	positive	de perímetro
perimeter	sadness	de perímetro
perimeter	surprise	culpable
perimeter	trust	de culpable
culprit	anger	de perímetro
culprit	anticipation	de perímetro
culprit	disgust	culpable
culprit	fear	de culpable
culprit	joy	de culpable
culprit	negative	de culpable
culprit	positive	culpable
culprit	sadness	de culpable
culprit	surprise	de culpable
culprit	trust	de culpable
crystallization	anger	cristalización
crystallization	anticipation	de cristalización
crystallization	disgust	de cristalización
crystallization	fear	de cristalización
crystallization	joy	cristalización
crystallization	negative	de cristalización
crystallization	positive	de cristalización
crystallization	sadness	de cristalización
crystallization	surprise	cristalización
crystallization	trust	de cristalización
tourist	anger	turística
tourist	anticipation	turístico
tourist	disgust	turístico
tourist	fear	turístico
tourist	joy	turístico
tourist	negative	turístico
tourist	positive	turístico
tourist	sadness	turístico
tourist	surprise	turístico
tourist	trust	turístico
pleat	anger	pleat
pleat	anticipation	pleat
pleat	disgust	pleat
pleat	fear	pleat
pleat	joy	pleat
pleat	negative	pleat
pleat	positive	pleat
pleat	sadness	pleat
pleat	surprise	pleat
pleat	trust	pleat
candidacy	anger	candidatura
candidacy	anticipation	de candidatura
candidacy	disgust	de candidatura
candidacy	fear	de candidatura
candidacy	joy	candidatura
candidacy	negative	de candidatura
candidacy	positive	de candidatura
candidacy	sadness	de candidatura
candidacy	surprise	candidatura
candidacy	trust	de candidatura
imitate	anger	imita
imitate	anticipation	imitar
imitate	disgust	imitar
imitate	fear	imitar
imitate	joy	imitar
imitate	negative	imitar
imitate	positive	imitar
imitate	sadness	imitar
imitate	surprise	imitar
imitate	trust	imitar
plenum	anger	plenum
plenum	anticipation	plenum
plenum	disgust	plenum
plenum	fear	plenum
plenum	joy	plenum
plenum	negative	plenum
plenum	positive	plenum
plenum	sadness	plenum
plenum	surprise	plenum
plenum	trust	plenum
transact	anger	tramitar
transact	anticipation	tramitar
transact	disgust	tramitar
transact	fear	tramitar
transact	joy	tramitar
transact	negative	tramitar
transact	positive	tramitar
transact	sadness	tramitar
transact	surprise	tramitar
transact	trust	tramitar
stubbornness	anger	stubbornness
stubbornness	anticipation	stubbornness
stubbornness	disgust	stubbornness
stubbornness	fear	stubbornness
stubbornness	joy	stubbornness
stubbornness	negative	stubbornness
stubbornness	positive	stubbornness
stubbornness	sadness	stubbornness
stubbornness	surprise	stubbornness
stubbornness	trust	stubbornness
fetish	anger	fetish
fetish	anticipation	fetish
fetish	disgust	fetish
fetish	fear	fetish
fetish	joy	fetish
fetish	negative	fetish
fetish	positive	fetish
fetish	sadness	fetish
fetish	surprise	fetish
fetish	trust	fetish
unmistakable	anger	unmistakable
unmistakable	anticipation	unmistakable
unmistakable	disgust	unmistakable
unmistakable	fear	unmistakable
unmistakable	joy	unmistakable
unmistakable	negative	unmistakable
unmistakable	positive	unmistakable
unmistakable	sadness	unmistakable
unmistakable	surprise	unmistakable
unmistakable	trust	unmistakable
summary	anger	resumen
summary	anticipation	de resumen
summary	disgust	de resumen
summary	fear	de resumen
summary	joy	resumen
summary	negative	de resumen
summary	positive	de resumen
summary	sadness	de resumen
summary	surprise	resumen
summary	trust	de resumen
crisp	anger	crisp
crisp	anticipation	crisp
crisp	disgust	crisp
crisp	fear	crisp
crisp	joy	crisp
crisp	negative	crisp
crisp	positive	crisp
crisp	sadness	crisp
crisp	surprise	crisp
crisp	trust	crisp
pornography	anger	pornografía
pornography	anticipation	de pornografía
pornography	disgust	de pornografía
pornography	fear	de pornografía
pornography	joy	pornografía
pornography	negative	de pornografía
pornography	positive	de pornografía
pornography	sadness	de pornografía
pornography	surprise	pornografía
pornography	trust	de pornografía
unsustainable	anger	unsustainable
unsustainable	anticipation	unsustainable
unsustainable	disgust	unsustainable
unsustainable	fear	unsustainable
unsustainable	joy	unsustainable
unsustainable	negative	unsustainable
unsustainable	positive	unsustainable
unsustainable	sadness	unsustainable
unsustainable	surprise	unsustainable
unsustainable	trust	unsustainable
acknowledgment	anger	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	anticipation	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	disgust	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	fear	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	joy	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	negative	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	positive	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	sadness	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	surprise	acknowledgment
acknowledgment	trust	acknowledgment
saucy	anger	saucy
saucy	anticipation	saucy
saucy	disgust	saucy
saucy	fear	saucy
saucy	joy	saucy
saucy	negative	saucy
saucy	positive	saucy
saucy	sadness	saucy
saucy	surprise	saucy
saucy	trust	saucy
prolong	anger	prolongar
prolong	anticipation	prolongar
prolong	disgust	prolongar
prolong	fear	prolongar
prolong	joy	prolongar
prolong	negative	prolongar
prolong	positive	prolongar
prolong	sadness	prolongar
prolong	surprise	prolongar
prolong	trust	prolongar
stealth	anger	stealth
stealth	anticipation	stealth
stealth	disgust	stealth
stealth	fear	stealth
stealth	joy	stealth
stealth	negative	stealth
stealth	positive	stealth
stealth	sadness	stealth
stealth	surprise	stealth
stealth	trust	stealth
soulmate	anger	alma gemela
soulmate	anticipation	de alma gemela
soulmate	disgust	de alma gemela
soulmate	fear	de alma gemela
soulmate	joy	alma gemela
soulmate	negative	de alma gemela
soulmate	positive	de alma gemela
soulmate	sadness	de alma gemela
soulmate	surprise	alma gemela
soulmate	trust	de alma gemela
kinematics	anger	kinematics
kinematics	anticipation	kinematics
kinematics	disgust	kinematics
kinematics	fear	kinematics
kinematics	joy	kinematics
kinematics	negative	kinematics
kinematics	positive	kinematics
kinematics	sadness	kinematics
kinematics	surprise	kinematics
kinematics	trust	kinematics
recount	anger	recount
recount	anticipation	recount
recount	disgust	recount
recount	fear	recount
recount	joy	recount
recount	negative	recount
recount	positive	recount
recount	sadness	recount
recount	surprise	recount
recount	trust	recount
brute	anger	brute
brute	anticipation	brute
brute	disgust	brute
brute	fear	brute
brute	joy	brute
brute	negative	brute
brute	positive	brute
brute	sadness	brute
brute	surprise	brute
brute	trust	brute
fete	anger	fete
fete	anticipation	fete
fete	disgust	fete
fete	fear	fete
fete	joy	fete
fete	negative	fete
fete	positive	fete
fete	sadness	fete
fete	surprise	fete
fete	trust	fete
concurrence	anger	concurrencia
concurrence	anticipation	de concurrencia
concurrence	disgust	de concurrencia
concurrence	fear	de concurrencia
concurrence	joy	concurrencia
concurrence	negative	de concurrencia
concurrence	positive	de concurrencia
concurrence	sadness	de concurrencia
concurrence	surprise	concurrencia
concurrence	trust	de concurrencia
esprit	anger	esprit
esprit	anticipation	esprit
esprit	disgust	esprit
esprit	fear	esprit
esprit	joy	esprit
esprit	negative	esprit
esprit	positive	esprit
esprit	sadness	esprit
esprit	surprise	esprit
esprit	trust	esprit
expecting	anger	esperando
expecting	anticipation	esperando
expecting	disgust	esperando
expecting	fear	esperando
expecting	joy	esperando
expecting	negative	esperando
expecting	positive	esperando
expecting	sadness	esperando
expecting	surprise	esperando
expecting	trust	esperando
idiotic	anger	idiotic
idiotic	anticipation	idiotic
idiotic	disgust	idiotic
idiotic	fear	idiotic
idiotic	joy	idiotic
idiotic	negative	idiotic
idiotic	positive	idiotic
idiotic	sadness	idiotic
idiotic	surprise	idiotic
idiotic	trust	idiotic
insist	anger	insistir
insist	anticipation	insistir
insist	disgust	insistir
insist	fear	insistir
insist	joy	insistir
insist	negative	insistir
insist	positive	insistir
insist	sadness	insistir
insist	surprise	insistir
insist	trust	insistir
hyphen	anger	guión
hyphen	anticipation	de guión
hyphen	disgust	de guión
hyphen	fear	de guión
hyphen	joy	guión
hyphen	negative	de guión
hyphen	positive	de guión
hyphen	sadness	de guión
hyphen	surprise	guión
hyphen	trust	de guión
instability	anger	instability
instability	anticipation	instability
instability	disgust	instability
instability	fear	instability
instability	joy	instability
instability	negative	instability
instability	positive	instability
instability	sadness	instability
instability	surprise	instability
instability	trust	instability
chandler	anger	chandler
chandler	anticipation	chandler
chandler	disgust	chandler
chandler	fear	chandler
chandler	joy	chandler
chandler	negative	chandler
chandler	positive	chandler
chandler	sadness	chandler
chandler	surprise	chandler
chandler	trust	chandler
territorial	anger	territorial
territorial	anticipation	territorial
territorial	disgust	territorial
territorial	fear	territorial
territorial	joy	territorial
territorial	negative	territorial
territorial	positive	territorial
territorial	sadness	paso
territorial	surprise	de paso
territorial	trust	territorial
step	anger	territorial
step	anticipation	territorial
step	disgust	paso
step	fear	de paso
step	joy	de paso
step	negative	de paso
step	positive	paso
step	sadness	de paso
step	surprise	de paso
step	trust	de paso
regulation	anger	control
regulation	anticipation	de control
regulation	disgust	de control
regulation	fear	de control
regulation	joy	control
regulation	negative	de control
regulation	positive	de control
regulation	sadness	de control
regulation	surprise	cáscara
regulation	trust	de cáscara
peel	anger	de control
peel	anticipation	de control
peel	disgust	cáscara
peel	fear	de cáscara
peel	joy	de cáscara
peel	negative	de cáscara
peel	positive	cáscara
peel	sadness	de cáscara
peel	surprise	de cáscara
peel	trust	de cáscara
collusion	anger	collusion
collusion	anticipation	collusion
collusion	disgust	collusion
collusion	fear	collusion
collusion	joy	collusion
collusion	negative	collusion
collusion	positive	collusion
collusion	sadness	collusion
collusion	surprise	collusion
collusion	trust	collusion
resignation	anger	dimisión
resignation	anticipation	de dimisión
resignation	disgust	de dimisión
resignation	fear	de dimisión
resignation	joy	dimisión
resignation	negative	de dimisión
resignation	positive	de dimisión
resignation	sadness	de dimisión
resignation	surprise	dimisión
resignation	trust	de dimisión
calmness	anger	calmness
calmness	anticipation	calmness
calmness	disgust	calmness
calmness	fear	calmness
calmness	joy	calmness
calmness	negative	calmness
calmness	positive	calmness
calmness	sadness	calmness
calmness	surprise	calmness
calmness	trust	calmness
nudge	anger	nudge
nudge	anticipation	nudge
nudge	disgust	nudge
nudge	fear	nudge
nudge	joy	nudge
nudge	negative	nudge
nudge	positive	nudge
nudge	sadness	nudge
nudge	surprise	nudge
nudge	trust	nudge
balloon	anger	balón
balloon	anticipation	de balón
balloon	disgust	de balón
balloon	fear	de balón
balloon	joy	balón
balloon	negative	de balón
balloon	positive	de balón
balloon	sadness	de balón
balloon	surprise	asilo
balloon	trust	de asilo
asylum	anger	de balón
asylum	anticipation	de balón
asylum	disgust	asilo
asylum	fear	de asilo
asylum	joy	de asilo
asylum	negative	de asilo
asylum	positive	asilo
asylum	sadness	de asilo
asylum	surprise	de asilo
asylum	trust	de asilo
neglect	anger	negligencia
neglect	anticipation	de negligencia
neglect	disgust	de negligencia
neglect	fear	de negligencia
neglect	joy	negligencia
neglect	negative	de negligencia
neglect	positive	de negligencia
neglect	sadness	de negligencia
neglect	surprise	infinidad
neglect	trust	de infinidad
infinity	anger	de negligencia
infinity	anticipation	de negligencia
infinity	disgust	infinidad
infinity	fear	de infinidad
infinity	joy	de infinidad
infinity	negative	de infinidad
infinity	positive	infinidad
infinity	sadness	de infinidad
infinity	surprise	de infinidad
infinity	trust	de infinidad
unauthorized	anger	no autorizada
unauthorized	anticipation	no autorizado
unauthorized	disgust	no autorizado
unauthorized	fear	no autorizado
unauthorized	joy	no autorizado
unauthorized	negative	no autorizado
unauthorized	positive	no autorizado
unauthorized	sadness	graves
unauthorized	surprise	de graves
unauthorized	trust	no autorizados
bass	anger	no autorizados
bass	anticipation	no autorizados
bass	disgust	graves
bass	fear	de graves
bass	joy	de graves
bass	negative	de graves
bass	positive	graves
bass	sadness	de graves
bass	surprise	de graves
bass	trust	de graves
ginger	anger	jengibre
ginger	anticipation	de jengibre
ginger	disgust	de jengibre
ginger	fear	de jengibre
ginger	joy	jengibre
ginger	negative	de jengibre
ginger	positive	de jengibre
ginger	sadness	de jengibre
ginger	surprise	jengibre
ginger	trust	de jengibre
whimsical	anger	whimsical
whimsical	anticipation	whimsical
whimsical	disgust	whimsical
whimsical	fear	whimsical
whimsical	joy	whimsical
whimsical	negative	whimsical
whimsical	positive	whimsical
whimsical	sadness	whimsical
whimsical	surprise	whimsical
whimsical	trust	whimsical
sanguine	anger	sanguine
sanguine	anticipation	sanguine
sanguine	disgust	sanguine
sanguine	fear	sanguine
sanguine	joy	sanguine
sanguine	negative	sanguine
sanguine	positive	sanguine
sanguine	sadness	sanguine
sanguine	surprise	sanguine
sanguine	trust	sanguine
spill	anger	derrame
spill	anticipation	de derrame
spill	disgust	de derrame
spill	fear	de derrame
spill	joy	derrame
spill	negative	de derrame
spill	positive	de derrame
spill	sadness	de derrame
spill	surprise	derrame
spill	trust	de derrame
fain	anger	fain
fain	anticipation	fain
fain	disgust	fain
fain	fear	fain
fain	joy	fain
fain	negative	fain
fain	positive	fain
fain	sadness	fain
fain	surprise	fain
fain	trust	fain
mingle	anger	mezclarse
mingle	anticipation	mezclarse
mingle	disgust	mezclarse
mingle	fear	mezclarse
mingle	joy	mezclarse
mingle	negative	mezclarse
mingle	positive	mezclarse
mingle	sadness	mezclarse
mingle	surprise	mezclarse
mingle	trust	mezclarse
nuance	anger	matiz
nuance	anticipation	de matiz
nuance	disgust	de matiz
nuance	fear	de matiz
nuance	joy	matiz
nuance	negative	de matiz
nuance	positive	de matiz
nuance	sadness	de matiz
nuance	surprise	matiz
nuance	trust	de matiz
derail	anger	descarrila
derail	anticipation	descarrilar
derail	disgust	descarrilar
derail	fear	descarrilar
derail	joy	descarrilar
derail	negative	descarrilar
derail	positive	descarrilar
derail	sadness	descarrilar
derail	surprise	descarrilar
derail	trust	descarrilar
hydraulics	anger	hydraulics
hydraulics	anticipation	hydraulics
hydraulics	disgust	hydraulics
hydraulics	fear	hydraulics
hydraulics	joy	hydraulics
hydraulics	negative	hydraulics
hydraulics	positive	hydraulics
hydraulics	sadness	hydraulics
hydraulics	surprise	hydraulics
hydraulics	trust	hydraulics
inadvertent	anger	inadvertent
inadvertent	anticipation	inadvertent
inadvertent	disgust	inadvertent
inadvertent	fear	inadvertent
inadvertent	joy	inadvertent
inadvertent	negative	inadvertent
inadvertent	positive	inadvertent
inadvertent	sadness	inadvertent
inadvertent	surprise	inadvertent
inadvertent	trust	inadvertent
spawn	anger	spawn
spawn	anticipation	spawn
spawn	disgust	spawn
spawn	fear	spawn
spawn	joy	spawn
spawn	negative	spawn
spawn	positive	spawn
spawn	sadness	spawn
spawn	surprise	spawn
spawn	trust	spawn
anastomosis	anger	anastomosis
anastomosis	anticipation	anastomosis
anastomosis	disgust	anastomosis
anastomosis	fear	anastomosis
anastomosis	joy	anastomosis
anastomosis	negative	anastomosis
anastomosis	positive	anastomosis
anastomosis	sadness	anastomosis
anastomosis	surprise	anastomosis
anastomosis	trust	anastomosis
wing	anger	ala
wing	anticipation	de ala
wing	disgust	de ala
wing	fear	de ala
wing	joy	ala
wing	negative	de ala
wing	positive	de ala
wing	sadness	de ala
wing	surprise	ala
wing	trust	de ala
admire	anger	admira
admire	anticipation	admirar
admire	disgust	admirar
admire	fear	admirar
admire	joy	admirar
admire	negative	admirar
admire	positive	admirar
admire	sadness	admirar
admire	surprise	admirar
admire	trust	admirar
cater	anger	proveer
cater	anticipation	proveer
cater	disgust	proveer
cater	fear	proveer
cater	joy	proveer
cater	negative	proveer
cater	positive	proveer
cater	sadness	proveer
cater	surprise	proveer
cater	trust	proveer
tradition	anger	tradición
tradition	anticipation	de tradición
tradition	disgust	de tradición
tradition	fear	de tradición
tradition	joy	tradición
tradition	negative	de tradición
tradition	positive	de tradición
tradition	sadness	de tradición
tradition	surprise	tradición
tradition	trust	de tradición
unknown	anger	desconocida
unknown	anticipation	desconocido
unknown	disgust	desconocido
unknown	fear	desconocido
unknown	joy	desconocido
unknown	negative	desconocido
unknown	positive	desconocido
unknown	sadness	desconocido
unknown	surprise	desconocido
unknown	trust	desconocido
unharmed	anger	unharmed
unharmed	anticipation	unharmed
unharmed	disgust	unharmed
unharmed	fear	unharmed
unharmed	joy	unharmed
unharmed	negative	unharmed
unharmed	positive	unharmed
unharmed	sadness	unharmed
unharmed	surprise	unharmed
unharmed	trust	unharmed
euthanasia	anger	eutanasia
euthanasia	anticipation	de eutanasia
euthanasia	disgust	de eutanasia
euthanasia	fear	de eutanasia
euthanasia	joy	eutanasia
euthanasia	negative	de eutanasia
euthanasia	positive	de eutanasia
euthanasia	sadness	de eutanasia
euthanasia	surprise	eutanasia
euthanasia	trust	de eutanasia
cheerfulness	anger	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	anticipation	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	disgust	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	fear	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	joy	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	negative	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	positive	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	sadness	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	surprise	cheerfulness
cheerfulness	trust	cheerfulness
metaphorical	anger	metafórico
metaphorical	anticipation	metafórico
metaphorical	disgust	metafórico
metaphorical	fear	metafórico
metaphorical	joy	metafórico
metaphorical	negative	metafórico
metaphorical	positive	metafórico
metaphorical	sadness	metafórico
metaphorical	surprise	metafórico
metaphorical	trust	metafórico
familiar	anger	familiar
familiar	anticipation	familiar
familiar	disgust	familiar
familiar	fear	familiar
familiar	joy	familiar
familiar	negative	familiar
familiar	positive	familiar
familiar	sadness	máquina
familiar	surprise	de máquina
familiar	trust	familiar
machine	anger	familiar
machine	anticipation	familiar
machine	disgust	máquina
machine	fear	de máquina
machine	joy	de máquina
machine	negative	de máquina
machine	positive	máquina
machine	sadness	de máquina
machine	surprise	de máquina
machine	trust	de máquina
enigma	anger	enigma
enigma	anticipation	enigma
enigma	disgust	enigma
enigma	fear	enigma
enigma	joy	enigma
enigma	negative	enigma
enigma	positive	enigma
enigma	sadness	enigma
enigma	surprise	enigma
enigma	trust	enigma
musical	anger	musical
musical	anticipation	musical
musical	disgust	musical
musical	fear	musical
musical	joy	musical
musical	negative	musical
musical	positive	musical
musical	sadness	musical
musical	surprise	musical
musical	trust	musical
shave	anger	afeitar
shave	anticipation	afeitar
shave	disgust	afeitar
shave	fear	afeitar
shave	joy	afeitar
shave	negative	afeitar
shave	positive	afeitar
shave	sadness	afeitar
shave	surprise	afeitar
shave	trust	afeitar
inflection	anger	inflexión
inflection	anticipation	de inflexión
inflection	disgust	de inflexión
inflection	fear	de inflexión
inflection	joy	inflexión
inflection	negative	de inflexión
inflection	positive	de inflexión
inflection	sadness	de inflexión
inflection	surprise	capacidad
inflection	trust	de capacidad
capacity	anger	de inflexión
capacity	anticipation	de inflexión
capacity	disgust	capacidad
capacity	fear	de capacidad
capacity	joy	de capacidad
capacity	negative	de capacidad
capacity	positive	capacidad
capacity	sadness	de capacidad
capacity	surprise	de capacidad
capacity	trust	de capacidad
denote	anger	denota
denote	anticipation	denotar
denote	disgust	denotar
denote	fear	denotar
denote	joy	denotar
denote	negative	denotar
denote	positive	denotar
denote	sadness	denotar
denote	surprise	denotar
denote	trust	denotar
leaflet	anger	folíolo
leaflet	anticipation	de folíolo
leaflet	disgust	de folíolo
leaflet	fear	de folíolo
leaflet	joy	folíolo
leaflet	negative	de folíolo
leaflet	positive	de folíolo
leaflet	sadness	de folíolo
leaflet	surprise	mano
leaflet	trust	de mano
hand	anger	de folíolo
hand	anticipation	de folíolo
hand	disgust	mano
hand	fear	de mano
hand	joy	de mano
hand	negative	de mano
hand	positive	mano
hand	sadness	de mano
hand	surprise	de mano
hand	trust	de mano
minority	anger	minoría
minority	anticipation	de minoría
minority	disgust	de minoría
minority	fear	de minoría
minority	joy	minoría
minority	negative	de minoría
minority	positive	de minoría
minority	sadness	de minoría
minority	surprise	persecución
minority	trust	de persecución
persecution	anger	de minoría
persecution	anticipation	de minoría
persecution	disgust	persecución
persecution	fear	de persecución
persecution	joy	de persecución
persecution	negative	de persecución
persecution	positive	persecución
persecution	sadness	de persecución
persecution	surprise	de persecución
persecution	trust	de persecución
neglected	anger	desatendió
neglected	anticipation	desatendida
neglected	disgust	desatendió
neglected	fear	desatendido
neglected	joy	desatendió
neglected	negative	desatendido
neglected	positive	desatendió
neglected	sadness	desatendido
neglected	surprise	desatendió
neglected	trust	desatendido
murderous	anger	asesino
murderous	anticipation	asesino
murderous	disgust	asesino
murderous	fear	asesino
murderous	joy	asesino
murderous	negative	asesino
murderous	positive	asesino
murderous	sadness	asesino
murderous	surprise	asesino
murderous	trust	asesino
resistive	anger	resistive
resistive	anticipation	resistive
resistive	disgust	resistive
resistive	fear	resistive
resistive	joy	resistive
resistive	negative	resistive
resistive	positive	resistive
resistive	sadness	resistive
resistive	surprise	resistive
resistive	trust	resistive
implore	anger	implore
implore	anticipation	implore
implore	disgust	implore
implore	fear	implore
implore	joy	implore
implore	negative	implore
implore	positive	implore
implore	sadness	implore
implore	surprise	implore
implore	trust	implore
figment	anger	figment
figment	anticipation	figment
figment	disgust	figment
figment	fear	figment
figment	joy	figment
figment	negative	figment
figment	positive	figment
figment	sadness	figment
figment	surprise	figment
figment	trust	figment
charmer	anger	charmer
charmer	anticipation	charmer
charmer	disgust	charmer
charmer	fear	charmer
charmer	joy	charmer
charmer	negative	charmer
charmer	positive	charmer
charmer	sadness	charmer
charmer	surprise	charmer
charmer	trust	charmer
lettuce	anger	lechuga
lettuce	anticipation	de lechuga
lettuce	disgust	de lechuga
lettuce	fear	de lechuga
lettuce	joy	lechuga
lettuce	negative	de lechuga
lettuce	positive	de lechuga
lettuce	sadness	de lechuga
lettuce	surprise	lechuga
lettuce	trust	de lechuga
booster	anger	booster
booster	anticipation	booster
booster	disgust	booster
booster	fear	booster
booster	joy	booster
booster	negative	booster
booster	positive	booster
booster	sadness	booster
booster	surprise	booster
booster	trust	booster
loop	anger	bucle
loop	anticipation	de bucle
loop	disgust	de bucle
loop	fear	de bucle
loop	joy	bucle
loop	negative	de bucle
loop	positive	de bucle
loop	sadness	de bucle
loop	surprise	afluente
loop	trust	de afluente
tributary	anger	de bucle
tributary	anticipation	de bucle
tributary	disgust	afluente
tributary	fear	de afluente
tributary	joy	de afluente
tributary	negative	de afluente
tributary	positive	afluente
tributary	sadness	de afluente
tributary	surprise	de afluente
tributary	trust	de afluente
theology	anger	teología
theology	anticipation	de teología
theology	disgust	de teología
theology	fear	de teología
theology	joy	teología
theology	negative	de teología
theology	positive	de teología
theology	sadness	de teología
theology	surprise	teología
theology	trust	de teología
discreet	anger	discreta
discreet	anticipation	discreto
discreet	disgust	discreto
discreet	fear	discreto
discreet	joy	discreto
discreet	negative	discreto
discreet	positive	discreto
discreet	sadness	discreto
discreet	surprise	discreto
discreet	trust	discreto
recede	anger	recede
recede	anticipation	recede
recede	disgust	recede
recede	fear	recede
recede	joy	recede
recede	negative	recede
recede	positive	recede
recede	sadness	recede
recede	surprise	recede
recede	trust	recede
earthenware	anger	earthenware
earthenware	anticipation	earthenware
earthenware	disgust	earthenware
earthenware	fear	earthenware
earthenware	joy	earthenware
earthenware	negative	earthenware
earthenware	positive	earthenware
earthenware	sadness	earthenware
earthenware	surprise	earthenware
earthenware	trust	earthenware
flow	anger	flujo
flow	anticipation	de flujo
flow	disgust	de flujo
flow	fear	de flujo
flow	joy	flujo
flow	negative	de flujo
flow	positive	de flujo
flow	sadness	de flujo
flow	surprise	huevo
flow	trust	de huevo
egg	anger	de flujo
egg	anticipation	de flujo
egg	disgust	huevo
egg	fear	de huevo
egg	joy	de huevo
egg	negative	de huevo
egg	positive	huevo
egg	sadness	de huevo
egg	surprise	de huevo
egg	trust	de huevo
instrumentality	anger	instrumentality
instrumentality	anticipation	instrumentality
instrumentality	disgust	instrumentality
instrumentality	fear	instrumentality
instrumentality	joy	instrumentality
instrumentality	negative	instrumentality
instrumentality	positive	instrumentality
instrumentality	sadness	instrumentality
instrumentality	surprise	instrumentality
instrumentality	trust	instrumentality
wagon	anger	vagón
wagon	anticipation	de vagón
wagon	disgust	de vagón
wagon	fear	de vagón
wagon	joy	vagón
wagon	negative	de vagón
wagon	positive	de vagón
wagon	sadness	de vagón
wagon	surprise	conformidad
wagon	trust	de conformidad
compliance	anger	de vagón
compliance	anticipation	de vagón
compliance	disgust	conformidad
compliance	fear	de conformidad
compliance	joy	de conformidad
compliance	negative	de conformidad
compliance	positive	conformidad
compliance	sadness	de conformidad
compliance	surprise	de conformidad
compliance	trust	de conformidad
cartouche	anger	cartouche
cartouche	anticipation	cartouche
cartouche	disgust	cartouche
cartouche	fear	cartouche
cartouche	joy	cartouche
cartouche	negative	cartouche
cartouche	positive	cartouche
cartouche	sadness	cartouche
cartouche	surprise	cartouche
cartouche	trust	cartouche
avoiding	anger	evitando
avoiding	anticipation	evitando
avoiding	disgust	evitando
avoiding	fear	evitando
avoiding	joy	evitando
avoiding	negative	evitando
avoiding	positive	evitando
avoiding	sadness	evitando
avoiding	surprise	evitando
avoiding	trust	evitando
horrified	anger	horrorizó
horrified	anticipation	horrorizado
horrified	disgust	horrorizó
horrified	fear	horrorizado
horrified	joy	horrorizó
horrified	negative	horrorizado
horrified	positive	horrorizó
horrified	sadness	horrorizado
horrified	surprise	horrorizó
horrified	trust	horrorizó
chimes	anger	repiques
chimes	anticipation	de repiques
chimes	disgust	de repiques
chimes	fear	de repiques
chimes	joy	repiques
chimes	negative	de repiques
chimes	positive	de repiques
chimes	sadness	de repiques
chimes	surprise	repiques
chimes	trust	de repiques
gist	anger	gist
gist	anticipation	gist
gist	disgust	gist
gist	fear	gist
gist	joy	gist
gist	negative	gist
gist	positive	gist
gist	sadness	gist
gist	surprise	gist
gist	trust	gist
throne	anger	trono
throne	anticipation	de trono
throne	disgust	de trono
throne	fear	de trono
throne	joy	trono
throne	negative	de trono
throne	positive	de trono
throne	sadness	de trono
throne	surprise	trono
throne	trust	de trono
retrace	anger	retrace
retrace	anticipation	retrace
retrace	disgust	retrace
retrace	fear	retrace
retrace	joy	retrace
retrace	negative	retrace
retrace	positive	retrace
retrace	sadness	retrace
retrace	surprise	retrace
retrace	trust	retrace
micron	anger	micron
micron	anticipation	micron
micron	disgust	micron
micron	fear	micron
micron	joy	micron
micron	negative	micron
micron	positive	micron
micron	sadness	micron
micron	surprise	micron
micron	trust	micron
scabbard	anger	scabbard
scabbard	anticipation	scabbard
scabbard	disgust	scabbard
scabbard	fear	scabbard
scabbard	joy	scabbard
scabbard	negative	scabbard
scabbard	positive	scabbard
scabbard	sadness	scabbard
scabbard	surprise	scabbard
scabbard	trust	scabbard
intimately	anger	íntimamente
intimately	anticipation	íntimamente
intimately	disgust	íntimamente
intimately	fear	íntimamente
intimately	joy	íntimamente
intimately	negative	íntimamente
intimately	positive	íntimamente
intimately	sadness	íntimamente
intimately	surprise	íntimamente
intimately	trust	íntimamente
reviewer	anger	reviewer
reviewer	anticipation	reviewer
reviewer	disgust	reviewer
reviewer	fear	reviewer
reviewer	joy	reviewer
reviewer	negative	reviewer
reviewer	positive	reviewer
reviewer	sadness	reviewer
reviewer	surprise	reviewer
reviewer	trust	reviewer
passim	anger	passim
passim	anticipation	passim
passim	disgust	passim
passim	fear	passim
passim	joy	passim
passim	negative	passim
passim	positive	passim
passim	sadness	passim
passim	surprise	passim
passim	trust	passim
trainer	anger	entrenador
trainer	anticipation	de entrenador
trainer	disgust	de entrenador
trainer	fear	de entrenador
trainer	joy	entrenador
trainer	negative	de entrenador
trainer	positive	de entrenador
trainer	sadness	de entrenador
trainer	surprise	entrenador
trainer	trust	de entrenador
translate	anger	traduce
translate	anticipation	traducir
translate	disgust	traducir
translate	fear	traducir
translate	joy	traducir
translate	negative	traducir
translate	positive	traducir
translate	sadness	traducir
translate	surprise	traducir
translate	trust	traducir
shaking	anger	sacudiendo
shaking	anticipation	sacudiendo
shaking	disgust	sacudiendo
shaking	fear	sacudiendo
shaking	joy	sacudiendo
shaking	negative	sacudiendo
shaking	positive	sacudiendo
shaking	sadness	sacudiendo
shaking	surprise	sacudiendo
shaking	trust	sacudiendo
diagnostic	anger	diagnóstico
diagnostic	anticipation	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	disgust	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	fear	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	joy	diagnóstico
diagnostic	negative	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	positive	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	sadness	de diagnóstico
diagnostic	surprise	diagnóstico
diagnostic	trust	de diagnóstico
adjust	anger	ajusta
adjust	anticipation	ajustar
adjust	disgust	ajustar
adjust	fear	ajustar
adjust	joy	ajustar
adjust	negative	ajustar
adjust	positive	ajustar
adjust	sadness	ajustar
adjust	surprise	ajustar
adjust	trust	ajustar
monkey	anger	mono
monkey	anticipation	de mono
monkey	disgust	de mono
monkey	fear	de mono
monkey	joy	mono
monkey	negative	de mono
monkey	positive	de mono
monkey	sadness	de mono
monkey	surprise	mono
monkey	trust	de mono
weakly	anger	débilmente
weakly	anticipation	débilmente
weakly	disgust	débilmente
weakly	fear	débilmente
weakly	joy	débilmente
weakly	negative	débilmente
weakly	positive	débilmente
weakly	sadness	débilmente
weakly	surprise	débilmente
weakly	trust	débilmente
membrane	anger	membrana
membrane	anticipation	de membrana
membrane	disgust	de membrana
membrane	fear	de membrana
membrane	joy	membrana
membrane	negative	de membrana
membrane	positive	de membrana
membrane	sadness	de membrana
membrane	surprise	juramento
membrane	trust	de juramento
swearing	anger	de membrana
swearing	anticipation	de membrana
swearing	disgust	juramento
swearing	fear	de juramento
swearing	joy	de juramento
swearing	negative	de juramento
swearing	positive	juramento
swearing	sadness	de juramento
swearing	surprise	del juramento que
swearing	trust	jura
therapeutic	anger	terapéutico
therapeutic	anticipation	terapéutico
therapeutic	disgust	terapéutico
therapeutic	fear	terapéutico
therapeutic	joy	terapéutico
therapeutic	negative	terapéutico
therapeutic	positive	terapéutico
therapeutic	sadness	fleco
therapeutic	surprise	de fleco
therapeutic	trust	terapéutico
fringe	anger	terapéutico
fringe	anticipation	terapéutico
fringe	disgust	fleco
fringe	fear	de fleco
fringe	joy	de fleco
fringe	negative	de fleco
fringe	positive	fleco
fringe	sadness	de fleco
fringe	surprise	de fleco
fringe	trust	de fleco
dread	anger	pavor
dread	anticipation	de pavor
dread	disgust	de pavor
dread	fear	de pavor
dread	joy	pavor
dread	negative	de pavor
dread	positive	de pavor
dread	sadness	de pavor
dread	surprise	cartílago
dread	trust	de cartílago
cartilage	anger	de pavor
cartilage	anticipation	de pavor
cartilage	disgust	cartílago
cartilage	fear	de cartílago
cartilage	joy	de cartílago
cartilage	negative	de cartílago
cartilage	positive	cartílago
cartilage	sadness	de cartílago
cartilage	surprise	de cartílago
cartilage	trust	de cartílago
bulletin	anger	boletín
bulletin	anticipation	de boletín
bulletin	disgust	de boletín
bulletin	fear	de boletín
bulletin	joy	boletín
bulletin	negative	de boletín
bulletin	positive	de boletín
bulletin	sadness	de boletín
bulletin	surprise	boletín
bulletin	trust	de boletín
sinister	anger	siniestro
sinister	anticipation	siniestro
sinister	disgust	siniestro
sinister	fear	siniestro
sinister	joy	siniestro
sinister	negative	siniestro
sinister	positive	siniestro
sinister	sadness	siniestro
sinister	surprise	siniestro
sinister	trust	siniestro
divide	anger	dividir
divide	anticipation	dividir
divide	disgust	dividir
divide	fear	dividir
divide	joy	dividir
divide	negative	dividir
divide	positive	dividir
divide	sadness	dividir
divide	surprise	dividir
divide	trust	dividir
perforce	anger	perforce
perforce	anticipation	perforce
perforce	disgust	perforce
perforce	fear	perforce
perforce	joy	perforce
perforce	negative	perforce
perforce	positive	perforce
perforce	sadness	perforce
perforce	surprise	perforce
perforce	trust	perforce
twig	anger	ramita
twig	anticipation	de ramita
twig	disgust	de ramita
twig	fear	de ramita
twig	joy	ramita
twig	negative	de ramita
twig	positive	de ramita
twig	sadness	de ramita
twig	surprise	contemplación
twig	trust	de contemplación
contemplation	anger	de ramita
contemplation	anticipation	de ramita
contemplation	disgust	contemplación
contemplation	fear	de contemplación
contemplation	joy	de contemplación
contemplation	negative	de contemplación
contemplation	positive	contemplación
contemplation	sadness	de contemplación
contemplation	surprise	de contemplación
contemplation	trust	de contemplación
found	anger	funda
found	anticipation	encontrada
found	disgust	funda
found	fear	encontrado
found	joy	funda
found	negative	encontrado
found	positive	funda
found	sadness	encontrado
found	surprise	funda
found	trust	encontrado
oaf	anger	oaf
oaf	anticipation	oaf
oaf	disgust	oaf
oaf	fear	oaf
oaf	joy	oaf
oaf	negative	oaf
oaf	positive	oaf
oaf	sadness	oaf
oaf	surprise	oaf
oaf	trust	oaf
diverse	anger	diverso
diverse	anticipation	diverso
diverse	disgust	diverso
diverse	fear	diverso
diverse	joy	diverso
diverse	negative	diverso
diverse	positive	diverso
diverse	sadness	color
diverse	surprise	de color
diverse	trust	diverso
color	anger	diverso
color	anticipation	diverso
color	disgust	color
color	fear	de color
color	joy	de color
color	negative	de color
color	positive	color
color	sadness	de color
color	surprise	de color
color	trust	de color
beholder	anger	beholder
beholder	anticipation	beholder
beholder	disgust	beholder
beholder	fear	beholder
beholder	joy	beholder
beholder	negative	beholder
beholder	positive	beholder
beholder	sadness	beholder
beholder	surprise	beholder
beholder	trust	beholder
jerk	anger	jerk
jerk	anticipation	jerk
jerk	disgust	jerk
jerk	fear	jerk
jerk	joy	jerk
jerk	negative	jerk
jerk	positive	jerk
jerk	sadness	jerk
jerk	surprise	jerk
jerk	trust	jerk
excellence	anger	excelencia
excellence	anticipation	de excelencia
excellence	disgust	de excelencia
excellence	fear	de excelencia
excellence	joy	excelencia
excellence	negative	de excelencia
excellence	positive	de excelencia
excellence	sadness	de excelencia
excellence	surprise	lesbianismo
excellence	trust	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	anger	de excelencia
lesbianism	anticipation	de excelencia
lesbianism	disgust	lesbianismo
lesbianism	fear	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	joy	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	negative	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	positive	lesbianismo
lesbianism	sadness	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	surprise	de lesbianismo
lesbianism	trust	de lesbianismo
thresh	anger	thresh
thresh	anticipation	thresh
thresh	disgust	thresh
thresh	fear	thresh
thresh	joy	thresh
thresh	negative	thresh
thresh	positive	thresh
thresh	sadness	thresh
thresh	surprise	thresh
thresh	trust	thresh
association	anger	asociación
association	anticipation	de asociación
association	disgust	de asociación
association	fear	de asociación
association	joy	asociación
association	negative	de asociación
association	positive	de asociación
association	sadness	de asociación
association	surprise	asociación
association	trust	de asociación
homeopathy	anger	homeopathy
homeopathy	anticipation	homeopathy
homeopathy	disgust	homeopathy
homeopathy	fear	homeopathy
homeopathy	joy	homeopathy
homeopathy	negative	homeopathy
homeopathy	positive	homeopathy
homeopathy	sadness	homeopathy
homeopathy	surprise	homeopathy
homeopathy	trust	homeopathy
hydrodynamics	anger	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	anticipation	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	disgust	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	fear	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	joy	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	negative	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	positive	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	sadness	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	surprise	hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	trust	hydrodynamics
cubicle	anger	cubicle
cubicle	anticipation	cubicle
cubicle	disgust	cubicle
cubicle	fear	cubicle
cubicle	joy	cubicle
cubicle	negative	cubicle
cubicle	positive	cubicle
cubicle	sadness	cubicle
cubicle	surprise	cubicle
cubicle	trust	cubicle
lancer	anger	lancer
lancer	anticipation	lancer
lancer	disgust	lancer
lancer	fear	lancer
lancer	joy	lancer
lancer	negative	lancer
lancer	positive	lancer
lancer	sadness	lancer
lancer	surprise	lancer
lancer	trust	lancer
lungs	anger	pulmones
lungs	anticipation	de pulmones
lungs	disgust	de pulmones
lungs	fear	de pulmones
lungs	joy	pulmones
lungs	negative	de pulmones
lungs	positive	de pulmones
lungs	sadness	de pulmones
lungs	surprise	pulmones
lungs	trust	de pulmones que
hesitating	anger	dudan
hesitating	anticipation	dudando
hesitating	disgust	dudando
hesitating	fear	dudando
hesitating	joy	dudando
hesitating	negative	dudando
hesitating	positive	dudando
hesitating	sadness	dudando
hesitating	surprise	dudando
hesitating	trust	dudando
watered	anger	abrevó
watered	anticipation	abrevado
watered	disgust	abrevó
watered	fear	abrevado
watered	joy	abrevó
watered	negative	abrevado
watered	positive	abrevó
watered	sadness	abrevado
watered	surprise	abrevó
watered	trust	abrevado
onward	anger	onward
onward	anticipation	onward
onward	disgust	onward
onward	fear	onward
onward	joy	onward
onward	negative	onward
onward	positive	onward
onward	sadness	onward
onward	surprise	onward
onward	trust	onward
cascade	anger	cascade
cascade	anticipation	cascade
cascade	disgust	cascade
cascade	fear	cascade
cascade	joy	cascade
cascade	negative	cascade
cascade	positive	cascade
cascade	sadness	cascade
cascade	surprise	cascade
cascade	trust	cascade
elicit	anger	elicit
elicit	anticipation	elicit
elicit	disgust	elicit
elicit	fear	elicit
elicit	joy	elicit
elicit	negative	elicit
elicit	positive	elicit
elicit	sadness	elicit
elicit	surprise	elicit
elicit	trust	elicit
boarding	anger	abordaje
boarding	anticipation	de abordaje
boarding	disgust	de abordaje
boarding	fear	de abordaje
boarding	joy	abordaje
boarding	negative	de abordaje
boarding	positive	de abordaje
boarding	sadness	de abordaje
boarding	surprise	el abordaje que
boarding	trust	entabla
gravitate	anger	gravitate
gravitate	anticipation	gravitate
gravitate	disgust	gravitate
gravitate	fear	gravitate
gravitate	joy	gravitate
gravitate	negative	gravitate
gravitate	positive	gravitate
gravitate	sadness	gravitate
gravitate	surprise	gravitate
gravitate	trust	gravitate
usefully	anger	usefully
usefully	anticipation	usefully
usefully	disgust	usefully
usefully	fear	usefully
usefully	joy	usefully
usefully	negative	usefully
usefully	positive	usefully
usefully	sadness	usefully
usefully	surprise	usefully
usefully	trust	usefully
sort	anger	clase
sort	anticipation	de clase
sort	disgust	de clase
sort	fear	de clase
sort	joy	clase
sort	negative	de clase
sort	positive	de clase
sort	sadness	de clase
sort	surprise	clase
sort	trust	de clase
dietary	anger	dietética
dietary	anticipation	dietético
dietary	disgust	dietético
dietary	fear	dietético
dietary	joy	dietético
dietary	negative	dietético
dietary	positive	dietético
dietary	sadness	jarrón
dietary	surprise	de jarrón
dietary	trust	dietético
vase	anger	dietético
vase	anticipation	dietético
vase	disgust	jarrón
vase	fear	de jarrón
vase	joy	de jarrón
vase	negative	de jarrón
vase	positive	jarrón
vase	sadness	de jarrón
vase	surprise	de jarrón
vase	trust	de jarrón
exposed	anger	expuesto
exposed	anticipation	expuesto
exposed	disgust	expuesto
exposed	fear	expuesto
exposed	joy	expuesto
exposed	negative	expuesto
exposed	positive	expuesto
exposed	sadness	expuesto
exposed	surprise	expuesto
exposed	trust	expuesto
purview	anger	purview
purview	anticipation	purview
purview	disgust	purview
purview	fear	purview
purview	joy	purview
purview	negative	purview
purview	positive	purview
purview	sadness	purview
purview	surprise	purview
purview	trust	purview
staring	anger	staring
staring	anticipation	staring
staring	disgust	staring
staring	fear	staring
staring	joy	staring
staring	negative	staring
staring	positive	staring
staring	sadness	staring
staring	surprise	staring
staring	trust	staring
pith	anger	pith
pith	anticipation	pith
pith	disgust	pith
pith	fear	pith
pith	joy	pith
pith	negative	pith
pith	positive	pith
pith	sadness	pith
pith	surprise	pith
pith	trust	pith
accomplish	anger	cumplir
accomplish	anticipation	cumplir
accomplish	disgust	cumplir
accomplish	fear	cumplir
accomplish	joy	cumplir
accomplish	negative	cumplir
accomplish	positive	cumplir
accomplish	sadness	cumplir
accomplish	surprise	cumplir
accomplish	trust	cumplir
awaken	anger	despertar
awaken	anticipation	despertar
awaken	disgust	despertar
awaken	fear	despertar
awaken	joy	despertar
awaken	negative	despertar
awaken	positive	despertar
awaken	sadness	despertar
awaken	surprise	despertar
awaken	trust	despertar
acquaint	anger	familiarizar
acquaint	anticipation	familiarizar
acquaint	disgust	familiarizar
acquaint	fear	familiarizar
acquaint	joy	familiarizar
acquaint	negative	familiarizar
acquaint	positive	familiarizar
acquaint	sadness	familiarizar
acquaint	surprise	familiarizar
acquaint	trust	familiarizar
pickle	anger	pepinillo
pickle	anticipation	de pepinillo
pickle	disgust	de pepinillo
pickle	fear	de pepinillo
pickle	joy	pepinillo
pickle	negative	de pepinillo
pickle	positive	de pepinillo
pickle	sadness	de pepinillo
pickle	surprise	caimán
pickle	trust	de caimán
alligator	anger	de pepinillo
alligator	anticipation	de pepinillo
alligator	disgust	caimán
alligator	fear	de caimán
alligator	joy	de caimán
alligator	negative	de caimán
alligator	positive	caimán
alligator	sadness	de caimán
alligator	surprise	de caimán
alligator	trust	de caimán
gaggle	anger	gaggle
gaggle	anticipation	gaggle
gaggle	disgust	gaggle
gaggle	fear	gaggle
gaggle	joy	gaggle
gaggle	negative	gaggle
gaggle	positive	gaggle
gaggle	sadness	gaggle
gaggle	surprise	gaggle
gaggle	trust	gaggle
pipette	anger	pipeta
pipette	anticipation	de pipeta
pipette	disgust	de pipeta
pipette	fear	de pipeta
pipette	joy	pipeta
pipette	negative	de pipeta
pipette	positive	de pipeta
pipette	sadness	de pipeta
pipette	surprise	pipeta
pipette	trust	de pipeta
bland	anger	bland
bland	anticipation	bland
bland	disgust	bland
bland	fear	bland
bland	joy	bland
bland	negative	bland
bland	positive	bland
bland	sadness	bland
bland	surprise	bland
bland	trust	bland
unmanageable	anger	unmanageable
unmanageable	anticipation	unmanageable
unmanageable	disgust	unmanageable
unmanageable	fear	unmanageable
unmanageable	joy	unmanageable
unmanageable	negative	unmanageable
unmanageable	positive	unmanageable
unmanageable	sadness	unmanageable
unmanageable	surprise	unmanageable
unmanageable	trust	unmanageable
expiry	anger	expiry
expiry	anticipation	expiry
expiry	disgust	expiry
expiry	fear	expiry
expiry	joy	expiry
expiry	negative	expiry
expiry	positive	expiry
expiry	sadness	expiry
expiry	surprise	expiry
expiry	trust	expiry
sunk	anger	se hundió
sunk	anticipation	hundido
sunk	disgust	se hundió
sunk	fear	hundido
sunk	joy	se hundió
sunk	negative	hundido
sunk	positive	se hundió
sunk	sadness	hundido
sunk	surprise	se hundió
sunk	trust	estudio
studio	anger	de estudio
studio	anticipation	de estudio
studio	disgust	hundido
studio	fear	estudio
studio	joy	de estudio
studio	negative	de estudio
studio	positive	de estudio
studio	sadness	estudio
studio	surprise	de estudio
studio	trust	del estudio
neurosis	anger	neurosis
neurosis	anticipation	neurosis
neurosis	disgust	neurosis
neurosis	fear	neurosis
neurosis	joy	neurosis
neurosis	negative	neurosis
neurosis	positive	neurosis
neurosis	sadness	neurosis
neurosis	surprise	neurosis
neurosis	trust	neurosis
throb	anger	throb
throb	anticipation	throb
throb	disgust	throb
throb	fear	throb
throb	joy	throb
throb	negative	throb
throb	positive	throb
throb	sadness	throb
throb	surprise	throb
throb	trust	throb
snob	anger	esnob
snob	anticipation	de esnob
snob	disgust	de esnob
snob	fear	de esnob
snob	joy	esnob
snob	negative	de esnob
snob	positive	de esnob
snob	sadness	de esnob
snob	surprise	esnob
snob	trust	de esnob que
baking	anger	cuece
baking	anticipation	cociendo
baking	disgust	cociendo
baking	fear	cociendo
baking	joy	cociendo
baking	negative	cociendo
baking	positive	cociendo
baking	sadness	cociendo
baking	surprise	cociendo
baking	trust	cociendo
uncaring	anger	uncaring
uncaring	anticipation	uncaring
uncaring	disgust	uncaring
uncaring	fear	uncaring
uncaring	joy	uncaring
uncaring	negative	uncaring
uncaring	positive	uncaring
uncaring	sadness	uncaring
uncaring	surprise	uncaring
uncaring	trust	uncaring
slang	anger	el argot
slang	anticipation	lanzó
slang	disgust	lanzó
slang	fear	lanzó
slang	joy	lanzó
slang	negative	lanzó
slang	positive	lanzó
slang	sadness	lanzó
slang	surprise	lanzó
slang	trust	lanzó
shelf	anger	estante
shelf	anticipation	de estante
shelf	disgust	de estante
shelf	fear	de estante
shelf	joy	estante
shelf	negative	de estante
shelf	positive	de estante
shelf	sadness	de estante
shelf	surprise	trago
shelf	trust	de trago
swallow	anger	de estante
swallow	anticipation	de estante
swallow	disgust	trago
swallow	fear	de trago
swallow	joy	de trago
swallow	negative	de trago
swallow	positive	trago
swallow	sadness	de trago
swallow	surprise	de trago
swallow	trust	de trago
cocoa	anger	cocoa
cocoa	anticipation	cocoa
cocoa	disgust	cocoa
cocoa	fear	cocoa
cocoa	joy	cocoa
cocoa	negative	cocoa
cocoa	positive	cocoa
cocoa	sadness	cocoa
cocoa	surprise	cocoa
cocoa	trust	cocoa
spoil	anger	estropear
spoil	anticipation	estropear
spoil	disgust	estropear
spoil	fear	estropear
spoil	joy	estropear
spoil	negative	estropear
spoil	positive	estropear
spoil	sadness	estropear
spoil	surprise	estropear
spoil	trust	estropear
skinny	anger	flaco
skinny	anticipation	flaco
skinny	disgust	flaco
skinny	fear	flaco
skinny	joy	flaco
skinny	negative	flaco
skinny	positive	flaco
skinny	sadness	flaco
skinny	surprise	flaco
skinny	trust	flaco
palpable	anger	palpable
palpable	anticipation	palpable
palpable	disgust	palpable
palpable	fear	palpable
palpable	joy	palpable
palpable	negative	palpable
palpable	positive	palpable
palpable	sadness	palpable
palpable	surprise	palpable
palpable	trust	palpable
crystalline	anger	cristalino
crystalline	anticipation	cristalino
crystalline	disgust	cristalino
crystalline	fear	cristalino
crystalline	joy	cristalino
crystalline	negative	cristalino
crystalline	positive	cristalino
crystalline	sadness	cristalino
crystalline	surprise	cristalino
crystalline	trust	cristalino
indulgent	anger	indulgente
indulgent	anticipation	indulgente
indulgent	disgust	indulgente
indulgent	fear	indulgente
indulgent	joy	indulgente
indulgent	negative	indulgente
indulgent	positive	indulgente
indulgent	sadness	indulgente
indulgent	surprise	indulgente
indulgent	trust	indulgente
lending	anger	dejando
lending	anticipation	dejando
lending	disgust	dejando
lending	fear	dejando
lending	joy	dejando
lending	negative	dejando
lending	positive	dejando
lending	sadness	dejando
lending	surprise	dejando
lending	trust	dejando
emption	anger	emption
emption	anticipation	emption
emption	disgust	emption
emption	fear	emption
emption	joy	emption
emption	negative	emption
emption	positive	emption
emption	sadness	emption
emption	surprise	emption
emption	trust	emption
shabby	anger	gastado
shabby	anticipation	gastado
shabby	disgust	gastado
shabby	fear	gastado
shabby	joy	gastado
shabby	negative	gastado
shabby	positive	gastado
shabby	sadness	gastado
shabby	surprise	gastado
shabby	trust	gastado
knell	anger	knell
knell	anticipation	knell
knell	disgust	knell
knell	fear	knell
knell	joy	knell
knell	negative	knell
knell	positive	knell
knell	sadness	knell
knell	surprise	knell
knell	trust	knell
undercover	anger	undercover
undercover	anticipation	undercover
undercover	disgust	undercover
undercover	fear	undercover
undercover	joy	undercover
undercover	negative	undercover
undercover	positive	undercover
undercover	sadness	undercover
undercover	surprise	undercover
undercover	trust	undercover
fireside	anger	fireside
fireside	anticipation	fireside
fireside	disgust	fireside
fireside	fear	fireside
fireside	joy	fireside
fireside	negative	fireside
fireside	positive	fireside
fireside	sadness	fireside
fireside	surprise	fireside
fireside	trust	fireside
lavatory	anger	lavatory
lavatory	anticipation	lavatory
lavatory	disgust	lavatory
lavatory	fear	lavatory
lavatory	joy	lavatory
lavatory	negative	lavatory
lavatory	positive	lavatory
lavatory	sadness	lavatory
lavatory	surprise	lavatory
lavatory	trust	lavatory
curd	anger	requesón
curd	anticipation	de requesón
curd	disgust	de requesón
curd	fear	de requesón
curd	joy	requesón
curd	negative	de requesón
curd	positive	de requesón
curd	sadness	de requesón
curd	surprise	aritmética
curd	trust	de aritmética
arithmetic	anger	de requesón
arithmetic	anticipation	de requesón
arithmetic	disgust	aritmética
arithmetic	fear	de aritmética
arithmetic	joy	de aritmética
arithmetic	negative	de aritmética
arithmetic	positive	aritmética
arithmetic	sadness	de aritmética
arithmetic	surprise	de aritmética
arithmetic	trust	de aritmética
stiffen	anger	agarrota
stiffen	anticipation	agarrotar
stiffen	disgust	agarrotar
stiffen	fear	agarrotar
stiffen	joy	agarrotar
stiffen	negative	agarrotar
stiffen	positive	agarrotar
stiffen	sadness	agarrotar
stiffen	surprise	agarrotar
stiffen	trust	agarrotar
egotistical	anger	egotistical
egotistical	anticipation	egotistical
egotistical	disgust	egotistical
egotistical	fear	egotistical
egotistical	joy	egotistical
egotistical	negative	egotistical
egotistical	positive	egotistical
egotistical	sadness	egotistical
egotistical	surprise	egotistical
egotistical	trust	egotistical
patchwork	anger	patchwork
patchwork	anticipation	patchwork
patchwork	disgust	patchwork
patchwork	fear	patchwork
patchwork	joy	patchwork
patchwork	negative	patchwork
patchwork	positive	patchwork
patchwork	sadness	patchwork
patchwork	surprise	patchwork
patchwork	trust	patchwork
complicity	anger	complicidad
complicity	anticipation	de complicidad
complicity	disgust	de complicidad
complicity	fear	de complicidad
complicity	joy	complicidad
complicity	negative	de complicidad
complicity	positive	de complicidad
complicity	sadness	de complicidad
complicity	surprise	puma
complicity	trust	de puma
cougar	anger	de complicidad
cougar	anticipation	de complicidad
cougar	disgust	puma
cougar	fear	de puma
cougar	joy	de puma
cougar	negative	de puma
cougar	positive	puma
cougar	sadness	de puma
cougar	surprise	de puma
cougar	trust	de puma
client	anger	cliente
client	anticipation	de cliente
client	disgust	de cliente
client	fear	de cliente
client	joy	cliente
client	negative	de cliente
client	positive	de cliente
client	sadness	de cliente
client	surprise	cliente
client	trust	de cliente
poetic	anger	poético
poetic	anticipation	poético
poetic	disgust	poético
poetic	fear	poético
poetic	joy	poético
poetic	negative	poético
poetic	positive	poético
poetic	sadness	poético
poetic	surprise	poético
poetic	trust	poético
theoretical	anger	teórico
theoretical	anticipation	teórico
theoretical	disgust	teórico
theoretical	fear	teórico
theoretical	joy	teórico
theoretical	negative	teórico
theoretical	positive	teórico
theoretical	sadness	teórico
theoretical	surprise	teórico
theoretical	trust	teórico
forsake	anger	forsake
forsake	anticipation	forsake
forsake	disgust	forsake
forsake	fear	forsake
forsake	joy	forsake
forsake	negative	forsake
forsake	positive	forsake
forsake	sadness	forsake
forsake	surprise	forsake
forsake	trust	forsake
herd	anger	rebaño
herd	anticipation	de rebaño
herd	disgust	de rebaño
herd	fear	de rebaño
herd	joy	rebaño
herd	negative	de rebaño
herd	positive	de rebaño
herd	sadness	de rebaño
herd	surprise	rebaño
herd	trust	de rebaño
inevitable	anger	inevitable
inevitable	anticipation	inevitable
inevitable	disgust	inevitable
inevitable	fear	inevitable
inevitable	joy	inevitable
inevitable	negative	inevitable
inevitable	positive	inevitable
inevitable	sadness	inevitable
inevitable	surprise	inevitable
inevitable	trust	inevitable
enchant	anger	encantar
enchant	anticipation	encantar
enchant	disgust	encantar
enchant	fear	encantar
enchant	joy	encantar
enchant	negative	encantar
enchant	positive	encantar
enchant	sadness	encantar
enchant	surprise	encantar
enchant	trust	encantar
railroad	anger	ferrocarril
railroad	anticipation	de ferrocarril
railroad	disgust	de ferrocarril
railroad	fear	de ferrocarril
railroad	joy	ferrocarril
railroad	negative	de ferrocarril
railroad	positive	de ferrocarril
railroad	sadness	de ferrocarril
railroad	surprise	secuela
railroad	trust	de secuela
sequel	anger	de ferrocarril
sequel	anticipation	de ferrocarril
sequel	disgust	secuela
sequel	fear	de secuela
sequel	joy	de secuela
sequel	negative	de secuela
sequel	positive	secuela
sequel	sadness	de secuela
sequel	surprise	de secuela
sequel	trust	de secuela
funds	anger	los fondos
funds	anticipation	financia
funds	disgust	los fondos
funds	fear	financia
funds	joy	los fondos
funds	negative	financia
funds	positive	los fondos
funds	sadness	financia
funds	surprise	los fondos
funds	trust	financia
swab	anger	swab
swab	anticipation	swab
swab	disgust	swab
swab	fear	swab
swab	joy	swab
swab	negative	swab
swab	positive	swab
swab	sadness	swab
swab	surprise	swab
swab	trust	swab
falsified	anger	falsificó
falsified	anticipation	falsificado
falsified	disgust	falsificó
falsified	fear	falsificado
falsified	joy	falsificó
falsified	negative	falsificado
falsified	positive	falsificó
falsified	sadness	falsificado
falsified	surprise	falsificó
falsified	trust	falsificado
truthful	anger	veraz
truthful	anticipation	veraz
truthful	disgust	veraz
truthful	fear	veraz
truthful	joy	veraz
truthful	negative	veraz
truthful	positive	veraz
truthful	sadness	veraz
truthful	surprise	veraz
truthful	trust	veraz
torn	anger	desgarrado
torn	anticipation	desgarrado
torn	disgust	desgarrado
torn	fear	desgarrado
torn	joy	desgarrado
torn	negative	desgarrado
torn	positive	desgarrado
torn	sadness	desgarrado
torn	surprise	oxidación
torn	trust	de oxidación
oxidation	anger	desgarrada
oxidation	anticipation	desgarrada
oxidation	disgust	oxidación
oxidation	fear	de oxidación
oxidation	joy	de oxidación
oxidation	negative	de oxidación
oxidation	positive	oxidación
oxidation	sadness	de oxidación
oxidation	surprise	de oxidación
oxidation	trust	de oxidación
temptation	anger	tentación
temptation	anticipation	de tentación
temptation	disgust	de tentación
temptation	fear	de tentación
temptation	joy	tentación
temptation	negative	de tentación
temptation	positive	de tentación
temptation	sadness	de tentación
temptation	surprise	seguidor
temptation	trust	de seguidor
supporter	anger	de tentación
supporter	anticipation	de tentación
supporter	disgust	seguidor
supporter	fear	de seguidor
supporter	joy	de seguidor
supporter	negative	de seguidor
supporter	positive	seguidor
supporter	sadness	de seguidor
supporter	surprise	de seguidor
supporter	trust	de seguidor
numbering	anger	numeración
numbering	anticipation	de numeración
numbering	disgust	de numeración
numbering	fear	de numeración
numbering	joy	numeración
numbering	negative	de numeración
numbering	positive	de numeración
numbering	sadness	de numeración
numbering	surprise	la numeración que
numbering	trust	numera
audible	anger	audible
audible	anticipation	audible
audible	disgust	audible
audible	fear	audible
audible	joy	audible
audible	negative	audible
audible	positive	audible
audible	sadness	audible
audible	surprise	audible
audible	trust	audible
uncompromising	anger	uncompromising
uncompromising	anticipation	uncompromising
uncompromising	disgust	uncompromising
uncompromising	fear	uncompromising
uncompromising	joy	uncompromising
uncompromising	negative	uncompromising
uncompromising	positive	uncompromising
uncompromising	sadness	uncompromising
uncompromising	surprise	uncompromising
uncompromising	trust	uncompromising
articulate	anger	articular
articulate	anticipation	articular
articulate	disgust	articular
articulate	fear	articular
articulate	joy	articular
articulate	negative	articular
articulate	positive	articular
articulate	sadness	articular
articulate	surprise	articular
articulate	trust	articular
garter	anger	garter
garter	anticipation	garter
garter	disgust	garter
garter	fear	garter
garter	joy	garter
garter	negative	garter
garter	positive	garter
garter	sadness	garter
garter	surprise	garter
garter	trust	garter
inclination	anger	inclinación
inclination	anticipation	de inclinación
inclination	disgust	de inclinación
inclination	fear	de inclinación
inclination	joy	inclinación
inclination	negative	de inclinación
inclination	positive	de inclinación
inclination	sadness	de inclinación
inclination	surprise	inclinación
inclination	trust	de inclinación
flabby	anger	flabby
flabby	anticipation	flabby
flabby	disgust	flabby
flabby	fear	flabby
flabby	joy	flabby
flabby	negative	flabby
flabby	positive	flabby
flabby	sadness	flabby
flabby	surprise	flabby
flabby	trust	flabby
stove	anger	estufa
stove	anticipation	de estufa
stove	disgust	de estufa
stove	fear	de estufa
stove	joy	estufa
stove	negative	de estufa
stove	positive	de estufa
stove	sadness	de estufa
stove	surprise	cigarrillo
stove	trust	de cigarrillo
cigarette	anger	de estufa
cigarette	anticipation	de estufa
cigarette	disgust	cigarrillo
cigarette	fear	de cigarrillo
cigarette	joy	de cigarrillo
cigarette	negative	de cigarrillo
cigarette	positive	cigarrillo
cigarette	sadness	de cigarrillo
cigarette	surprise	de cigarrillo
cigarette	trust	de cigarrillo
feminine	anger	femenino
feminine	anticipation	femenino
feminine	disgust	femenino
feminine	fear	femenino
feminine	joy	femenino
feminine	negative	femenino
feminine	positive	femenino
feminine	sadness	femenino
feminine	surprise	femenino
feminine	trust	femenino
minimize	anger	minimizar
minimize	anticipation	minimizar
minimize	disgust	minimizar
minimize	fear	minimizar
minimize	joy	minimizar
minimize	negative	minimizar
minimize	positive	minimizar
minimize	sadness	minimizar
minimize	surprise	minimizar
minimize	trust	minimizar
impossible	anger	imposible
impossible	anticipation	imposible
impossible	disgust	imposible
impossible	fear	imposible
impossible	joy	imposible
impossible	negative	imposible
impossible	positive	imposible
impossible	sadness	horóscopo
impossible	surprise	de horóscopo
impossible	trust	imposible
horoscope	anger	imposible
horoscope	anticipation	imposible
horoscope	disgust	horóscopo
horoscope	fear	de horóscopo
horoscope	joy	de horóscopo
horoscope	negative	de horóscopo
horoscope	positive	horóscopo
horoscope	sadness	de horóscopo
horoscope	surprise	de horóscopo
horoscope	trust	de horóscopo
elegant	anger	elegante
elegant	anticipation	elegante
elegant	disgust	elegante
elegant	fear	elegante
elegant	joy	elegante
elegant	negative	elegante
elegant	positive	elegante
elegant	sadness	despotismo
elegant	surprise	de despotismo
elegant	trust	elegante
despotism	anger	elegante
despotism	anticipation	elegante
despotism	disgust	despotismo
despotism	fear	de despotismo
despotism	joy	de despotismo
despotism	negative	de despotismo
despotism	positive	despotismo
despotism	sadness	de despotismo
despotism	surprise	de despotismo
despotism	trust	de despotismo
infestation	anger	infestation
infestation	anticipation	infestation
infestation	disgust	infestation
infestation	fear	infestation
infestation	joy	infestation
infestation	negative	infestation
infestation	positive	infestation
infestation	sadness	infestation
infestation	surprise	infestation
infestation	trust	infestation
dove	anger	buceó
dove	anticipation	buceó
dove	disgust	buceó
dove	fear	buceó
dove	joy	buceó
dove	negative	buceó
dove	positive	buceó
dove	sadness	buceó
dove	surprise	buceó
dove	trust	buceó
cashmere	anger	cachemira
cashmere	anticipation	de cachemira
cashmere	disgust	de cachemira
cashmere	fear	de cachemira
cashmere	joy	cachemira
cashmere	negative	de cachemira
cashmere	positive	de cachemira
cashmere	sadness	de cachemira
cashmere	surprise	pulpo
cashmere	trust	de pulpo
octopus	anger	de cachemira
octopus	anticipation	de cachemira
octopus	disgust	pulpo
octopus	fear	de pulpo
octopus	joy	de pulpo
octopus	negative	de pulpo
octopus	positive	pulpo
octopus	sadness	de pulpo
octopus	surprise	de pulpo
octopus	trust	de pulpo
coo	anger	coo
coo	anticipation	coo
coo	disgust	coo
coo	fear	coo
coo	joy	coo
coo	negative	coo
coo	positive	coo
coo	sadness	coo
coo	surprise	coo
coo	trust	coo
linear	anger	lineal
linear	anticipation	lineal
linear	disgust	lineal
linear	fear	lineal
linear	joy	lineal
linear	negative	lineal
linear	positive	lineal
linear	sadness	botánico
linear	surprise	de botánico
linear	trust	lineal
botanist	anger	lineal
botanist	anticipation	lineal
botanist	disgust	botánico
botanist	fear	de botánico
botanist	joy	de botánico
botanist	negative	de botánico
botanist	positive	botánico
botanist	sadness	de botánico
botanist	surprise	de botánico
botanist	trust	de botánico
oar	anger	remo
oar	anticipation	de remo
oar	disgust	de remo
oar	fear	de remo
oar	joy	remo
oar	negative	de remo
oar	positive	de remo
oar	sadness	de remo
oar	surprise	libros
oar	trust	de remo
books	anger	del remo
books	anticipation	reserva
books	disgust	los libros
books	fear	reserva
books	joy	los libros
books	negative	reserva
books	positive	los libros
books	sadness	reserva
books	surprise	los libros
books	trust	reserva
irrespective	anger	irrespective
irrespective	anticipation	irrespective
irrespective	disgust	irrespective
irrespective	fear	irrespective
irrespective	joy	irrespective
irrespective	negative	irrespective
irrespective	positive	irrespective
irrespective	sadness	irrespective
irrespective	surprise	irrespective
irrespective	trust	irrespective
kettle	anger	pava
kettle	anticipation	de pava
kettle	disgust	de pava
kettle	fear	de pava
kettle	joy	pava
kettle	negative	de pava
kettle	positive	de pava
kettle	sadness	de pava
kettle	surprise	voluntarios
kettle	trust	de voluntarios
volunteers	anger	de pava
volunteers	anticipation	de pava
volunteers	disgust	voluntarios
volunteers	fear	de voluntarios
volunteers	joy	de voluntarios
volunteers	negative	de voluntarios
volunteers	positive	voluntarios
volunteers	sadness	de voluntarios
volunteers	surprise	de voluntarios
volunteers	trust	de voluntarios
forum	anger	foro
forum	anticipation	de foro
forum	disgust	de foro
forum	fear	de foro
forum	joy	foro
forum	negative	de foro
forum	positive	de foro
forum	sadness	de foro
forum	surprise	morfología
forum	trust	de morfología
morphology	anger	de foro
morphology	anticipation	de foro
morphology	disgust	morfología
morphology	fear	de morfología
morphology	joy	de morfología
morphology	negative	de morfología
morphology	positive	morfología
morphology	sadness	de morfología
morphology	surprise	de morfología
morphology	trust	de morfología
felon	anger	felon
felon	anticipation	felon
felon	disgust	felon
felon	fear	felon
felon	joy	felon
felon	negative	felon
felon	positive	felon
felon	sadness	felon
felon	surprise	felon
felon	trust	felon
transfer	anger	transferencia
transfer	anticipation	de transferencia
transfer	disgust	de transferencia
transfer	fear	de transferencia
transfer	joy	transferencia
transfer	negative	de transferencia
transfer	positive	de transferencia
transfer	sadness	de transferencia
transfer	surprise	transferencia
transfer	trust	de transferencia
pornographic	anger	pornographic
pornographic	anticipation	pornographic
pornographic	disgust	pornographic
pornographic	fear	pornographic
pornographic	joy	pornographic
pornographic	negative	pornographic
pornographic	positive	pornographic
pornographic	sadness	pornographic
pornographic	surprise	pornographic
pornographic	trust	pornographic
school	anger	escolar
school	anticipation	escolar
school	disgust	escolar
school	fear	escolar
school	joy	escolar
school	negative	escolar
school	positive	escolar
school	sadness	escolar
school	surprise	escolar
school	trust	escolar
priming	anger	preparando
priming	anticipation	preparando
priming	disgust	preparando
priming	fear	preparando
priming	joy	preparando
priming	negative	preparando
priming	positive	preparando
priming	sadness	preparando
priming	surprise	preparando
priming	trust	preparando
pluck	anger	pluck
pluck	anticipation	pluck
pluck	disgust	pluck
pluck	fear	pluck
pluck	joy	pluck
pluck	negative	pluck
pluck	positive	pluck
pluck	sadness	pluck
pluck	surprise	pluck
pluck	trust	pluck
auditorium	anger	auditorio
auditorium	anticipation	de auditorio
auditorium	disgust	de auditorio
auditorium	fear	de auditorio
auditorium	joy	auditorio
auditorium	negative	de auditorio
auditorium	positive	de auditorio
auditorium	sadness	de auditorio
auditorium	surprise	auditorio
auditorium	trust	de auditorio
mercurial	anger	mercurial
mercurial	anticipation	mercurial
mercurial	disgust	mercurial
mercurial	fear	mercurial
mercurial	joy	mercurial
mercurial	negative	mercurial
mercurial	positive	mercurial
mercurial	sadness	mercurial
mercurial	surprise	mercurial
mercurial	trust	mercurial
desertion	anger	deserción
desertion	anticipation	de deserción
desertion	disgust	de deserción
desertion	fear	de deserción
desertion	joy	deserción
desertion	negative	de deserción
desertion	positive	de deserción
desertion	sadness	de deserción
desertion	surprise	deserción
desertion	trust	de deserción
hosiery	anger	hosiery
hosiery	anticipation	hosiery
hosiery	disgust	hosiery
hosiery	fear	hosiery
hosiery	joy	hosiery
hosiery	negative	hosiery
hosiery	positive	hosiery
hosiery	sadness	hosiery
hosiery	surprise	hosiery
hosiery	trust	hosiery
retaliatory	anger	retaliatory
retaliatory	anticipation	retaliatory
retaliatory	disgust	retaliatory
retaliatory	fear	retaliatory
retaliatory	joy	retaliatory
retaliatory	negative	retaliatory
retaliatory	positive	retaliatory
retaliatory	sadness	retaliatory
retaliatory	surprise	retaliatory
retaliatory	trust	retaliatory
collector	anger	coleccionista
collector	anticipation	de coleccionista
collector	disgust	de coleccionista
collector	fear	de coleccionista
collector	joy	coleccionista
collector	negative	de coleccionista
collector	positive	de coleccionista
collector	sadness	de coleccionista
collector	surprise	coleccionista
collector	trust	de coleccionista
deletion	anger	deletion
deletion	anticipation	deletion
deletion	disgust	deletion
deletion	fear	deletion
deletion	joy	deletion
deletion	negative	deletion
deletion	positive	deletion
deletion	sadness	deletion
deletion	surprise	deletion
deletion	trust	deletion
vanquish	anger	vanquish
vanquish	anticipation	vanquish
vanquish	disgust	vanquish
vanquish	fear	vanquish
vanquish	joy	vanquish
vanquish	negative	vanquish
vanquish	positive	vanquish
vanquish	sadness	vanquish
vanquish	surprise	vanquish
vanquish	trust	vanquish
audacity	anger	audacia
audacity	anticipation	de audacia
audacity	disgust	de audacia
audacity	fear	de audacia
audacity	joy	audacia
audacity	negative	de audacia
audacity	positive	de audacia
audacity	sadness	de audacia
audacity	surprise	circuncisión
audacity	trust	de circuncisión
circumcision	anger	de audacia
circumcision	anticipation	de audacia
circumcision	disgust	circuncisión
circumcision	fear	de circuncisión
circumcision	joy	de circuncisión
circumcision	negative	de circuncisión
circumcision	positive	circuncisión
circumcision	sadness	de circuncisión
circumcision	surprise	de circuncisión
circumcision	trust	de circuncisión
officer	anger	agente
officer	anticipation	de agente
officer	disgust	de agente
officer	fear	de agente
officer	joy	agente
officer	negative	de agente
officer	positive	de agente
officer	sadness	de agente
officer	surprise	recuperación
officer	trust	de recuperación
reclamation	anger	de agente
reclamation	anticipation	de agente
reclamation	disgust	recuperación
reclamation	fear	de recuperación
reclamation	joy	de recuperación
reclamation	negative	de recuperación
reclamation	positive	recuperación
reclamation	sadness	de recuperación
reclamation	surprise	de recuperación
reclamation	trust	de recuperación
baritone	anger	barítono
baritone	anticipation	de barítono
baritone	disgust	de barítono
baritone	fear	de barítono
baritone	joy	barítono
baritone	negative	de barítono
baritone	positive	de barítono
baritone	sadness	de barítono
baritone	surprise	barítono
baritone	trust	de barítono
scion	anger	scion
scion	anticipation	scion
scion	disgust	scion
scion	fear	scion
scion	joy	scion
scion	negative	scion
scion	positive	scion
scion	sadness	scion
scion	surprise	scion
scion	trust	scion
polish	anger	abrillantador
polish	anticipation	de abrillantador
polish	disgust	de abrillantador
polish	fear	de abrillantador
polish	joy	abrillantador
polish	negative	de abrillantador
polish	positive	de abrillantador
polish	sadness	de abrillantador
polish	surprise	enmienda
polish	trust	de enmienda
amendment	anger	de abrillantador
amendment	anticipation	de abrillantador
amendment	disgust	enmienda
amendment	fear	de enmienda
amendment	joy	de enmienda
amendment	negative	de enmienda
amendment	positive	enmienda
amendment	sadness	de enmienda
amendment	surprise	de enmienda
amendment	trust	de enmienda
screech	anger	screech
screech	anticipation	screech
screech	disgust	screech
screech	fear	screech
screech	joy	screech
screech	negative	screech
screech	positive	screech
screech	sadness	screech
screech	surprise	screech
screech	trust	screech
shrinking	anger	retroceso
shrinking	anticipation	de retroceso
shrinking	disgust	de retroceso
shrinking	fear	de retroceso
shrinking	joy	retroceso
shrinking	negative	de retroceso
shrinking	positive	de retroceso
shrinking	sadness	de retroceso
shrinking	surprise	cueva
shrinking	trust	de cueva
cave	anger	de retroceso
cave	anticipation	de retroceso
cave	disgust	cueva
cave	fear	de cueva
cave	joy	de cueva
cave	negative	de cueva
cave	positive	cueva
cave	sadness	de cueva
cave	surprise	de cueva
cave	trust	de cueva
debut	anger	debut
debut	anticipation	de debut
debut	disgust	de debut
debut	fear	de debut
debut	joy	debut
debut	negative	de debut
debut	positive	de debut
debut	sadness	de debut
debut	surprise	debut
debut	trust	de debut
medial	anger	medial
medial	anticipation	medial
medial	disgust	medial
medial	fear	medial
medial	joy	medial
medial	negative	medial
medial	positive	medial
medial	sadness	medial
medial	surprise	medial
medial	trust	medial
garb	anger	garb
garb	anticipation	garb
garb	disgust	garb
garb	fear	garb
garb	joy	garb
garb	negative	garb
garb	positive	garb
garb	sadness	garb
garb	surprise	garb
garb	trust	garb
stake	anger	participación
stake	anticipation	de participación
stake	disgust	de participación
stake	fear	de participación
stake	joy	participación
stake	negative	de participación
stake	positive	de participación
stake	sadness	de participación
stake	surprise	participación
stake	trust	de participación
read	anger	lee
read	anticipation	leída
read	disgust	lee
read	fear	leído
read	joy	lee
read	negative	leído
read	positive	lee
read	sadness	leído
read	surprise	lee
read	trust	movilización
mobilization	anger	de movilización
mobilization	anticipation	de movilización
mobilization	disgust	leída
mobilization	fear	movilización
mobilization	joy	de movilización
mobilization	negative	de movilización
mobilization	positive	de movilización
mobilization	sadness	unidad
mobilization	surprise	de movilización
mobilization	trust	de movilización
unity	anger	de movilización
unity	anticipation	unidad
unity	disgust	de unidad
unity	fear	de unidad
unity	joy	de unidad
unity	negative	unidad
unity	positive	de unidad
unity	sadness	de unidad
unity	surprise	de unidad
unity	trust	la unidad que
surrounding	anger	rodea
surrounding	anticipation	circundante
surrounding	disgust	circundante
surrounding	fear	circundante
surrounding	joy	circundante
surrounding	negative	circundante
surrounding	positive	circundante
surrounding	sadness	cubo
surrounding	surprise	de cubo
surrounding	trust	circundante
cube	anger	circundante
cube	anticipation	circundante
cube	disgust	cubo
cube	fear	de cubo
cube	joy	de cubo
cube	negative	de cubo
cube	positive	cubo
cube	sadness	de cubo
cube	surprise	de cubo
cube	trust	de cubo
hereunto	anger	hereunto
hereunto	anticipation	hereunto
hereunto	disgust	hereunto
hereunto	fear	hereunto
hereunto	joy	hereunto
hereunto	negative	hereunto
hereunto	positive	hereunto
hereunto	sadness	hereunto
hereunto	surprise	hereunto
hereunto	trust	hereunto
premeditated	anger	premeditated
premeditated	anticipation	premeditated
premeditated	disgust	premeditated
premeditated	fear	premeditated
premeditated	joy	premeditated
premeditated	negative	premeditated
premeditated	positive	premeditated
premeditated	sadness	premeditated
premeditated	surprise	premeditated
premeditated	trust	premeditated
respects	anger	respetos
respects	anticipation	de respetos
respects	disgust	respeta
respects	fear	los respetos
respects	joy	respeta
respects	negative	los respetos
respects	positive	respeta
respects	sadness	los respetos
respects	surprise	respeta
respects	trust	los respetos
alleviate	anger	alivian
alleviate	anticipation	aliviar
alleviate	disgust	aliviar
alleviate	fear	aliviar
alleviate	joy	aliviar
alleviate	negative	aliviar
alleviate	positive	aliviar
alleviate	sadness	aliviar
alleviate	surprise	aliviar
alleviate	trust	aliviar
aeration	anger	aeration
aeration	anticipation	aeration
aeration	disgust	aeration
aeration	fear	aeration
aeration	joy	aeration
aeration	negative	aeration
aeration	positive	aeration
aeration	sadness	aeration
aeration	surprise	aeration
aeration	trust	aeration
robber	anger	robber
robber	anticipation	robber
robber	disgust	robber
robber	fear	robber
robber	joy	robber
robber	negative	robber
robber	positive	robber
robber	sadness	robber
robber	surprise	robber
robber	trust	robber
disburse	anger	desembolsar
disburse	anticipation	desembolsar
disburse	disgust	desembolsar
disburse	fear	desembolsar
disburse	joy	desembolsar
disburse	negative	desembolsar
disburse	positive	desembolsar
disburse	sadness	desembolsar
disburse	surprise	desembolsar
disburse	trust	desembolsar
condiment	anger	condimento
condiment	anticipation	de condimento
condiment	disgust	de condimento
condiment	fear	de condimento
condiment	joy	condimento
condiment	negative	de condimento
condiment	positive	de condimento
condiment	sadness	de condimento
condiment	surprise	pintura
condiment	trust	de pintura
paint	anger	de condimento
paint	anticipation	de condimento
paint	disgust	pintura
paint	fear	de pintura
paint	joy	de pintura
paint	negative	de pintura
paint	positive	pintura
paint	sadness	de pintura
paint	surprise	de pintura
paint	trust	de pintura
rouge	anger	colorete
rouge	anticipation	de colorete
rouge	disgust	de colorete
rouge	fear	de colorete
rouge	joy	colorete
rouge	negative	de colorete
rouge	positive	de colorete
rouge	sadness	de colorete
rouge	surprise	colorete
rouge	trust	de colorete
despise	anger	desprecia
despise	anticipation	despreciar
despise	disgust	despreciar
despise	fear	despreciar
despise	joy	despreciar
despise	negative	despreciar
despise	positive	despreciar
despise	sadness	despreciar
despise	surprise	despreciar
despise	trust	despreciar
guillotine	anger	guillotina
guillotine	anticipation	de guillotina
guillotine	disgust	de guillotina
guillotine	fear	de guillotina
guillotine	joy	guillotina
guillotine	negative	de guillotina
guillotine	positive	de guillotina
guillotine	sadness	de guillotina
guillotine	surprise	ventana
guillotine	trust	de ventana
window	anger	de guillotina
window	anticipation	de guillotina
window	disgust	ventana
window	fear	de ventana
window	joy	de ventana
window	negative	de ventana
window	positive	ventana
window	sadness	de ventana
window	surprise	de ventana
window	trust	de ventana
strategy	anger	estrategia
strategy	anticipation	de estrategia
strategy	disgust	de estrategia
strategy	fear	de estrategia
strategy	joy	estrategia
strategy	negative	de estrategia
strategy	positive	de estrategia
strategy	sadness	de estrategia
strategy	surprise	propósito
strategy	trust	de propósito
purpose	anger	de estrategia
purpose	anticipation	de estrategia
purpose	disgust	propósito
purpose	fear	de propósito
purpose	joy	de propósito
purpose	negative	de propósito
purpose	positive	propósito
purpose	sadness	de propósito
purpose	surprise	de propósito
purpose	trust	de propósito
villain	anger	villano
villain	anticipation	de villano
villain	disgust	de villano
villain	fear	de villano
villain	joy	villano
villain	negative	de villano
villain	positive	de villano
villain	sadness	de villano
villain	surprise	villano
villain	trust	de villano
fen	anger	fen
fen	anticipation	fen
fen	disgust	fen
fen	fear	fen
fen	joy	fen
fen	negative	fen
fen	positive	fen
fen	sadness	fen
fen	surprise	fen
fen	trust	fen
inhumanity	anger	inhumanidad
inhumanity	anticipation	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	disgust	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	fear	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	joy	inhumanidad
inhumanity	negative	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	positive	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	sadness	de inhumanidad
inhumanity	surprise	inhumanidad
inhumanity	trust	de inhumanidad
expired	anger	expiró
expired	anticipation	expirada
expired	disgust	expiró
expired	fear	expirado
expired	joy	expiró
expired	negative	expirado
expired	positive	expiró
expired	sadness	expirado
expired	surprise	expiró
expired	trust	expirado
smuggler	anger	smuggler
smuggler	anticipation	smuggler
smuggler	disgust	smuggler
smuggler	fear	smuggler
smuggler	joy	smuggler
smuggler	negative	smuggler
smuggler	positive	smuggler
smuggler	sadness	smuggler
smuggler	surprise	smuggler
smuggler	trust	smuggler
commanding	anger	mandando
commanding	anticipation	mandando
commanding	disgust	mandando
commanding	fear	mandando
commanding	joy	mandando
commanding	negative	mandando
commanding	positive	mandando
commanding	sadness	mandando
commanding	surprise	mandando
commanding	trust	mandando
wop	anger	wop
wop	anticipation	wop
wop	disgust	wop
wop	fear	wop
wop	joy	wop
wop	negative	wop
wop	positive	wop
wop	sadness	wop
wop	surprise	wop
wop	trust	wop
salvage	anger	salvage
salvage	anticipation	salvage
salvage	disgust	salvage
salvage	fear	salvage
salvage	joy	salvage
salvage	negative	salvage
salvage	positive	salvage
salvage	sadness	salvage
salvage	surprise	salvage
salvage	trust	salvage
settlor	anger	settlor
settlor	anticipation	settlor
settlor	disgust	settlor
settlor	fear	settlor
settlor	joy	settlor
settlor	negative	settlor
settlor	positive	settlor
settlor	sadness	settlor
settlor	surprise	settlor
settlor	trust	settlor
scattered	anger	esparció
scattered	anticipation	esparcido
scattered	disgust	esparció
scattered	fear	esparcido
scattered	joy	esparció
scattered	negative	esparcido
scattered	positive	esparció
scattered	sadness	esparcido
scattered	surprise	esparció
scattered	trust	perspectiva
prospect	anger	de perspectiva
prospect	anticipation	de perspectiva
prospect	disgust	esparcida
prospect	fear	perspectiva
prospect	joy	de perspectiva
prospect	negative	de perspectiva
prospect	positive	de perspectiva
prospect	sadness	perspectiva
prospect	surprise	de perspectiva
prospect	trust	de la perspectiva
inherent	anger	inherente
inherent	anticipation	inherente
inherent	disgust	inherente
inherent	fear	inherente
inherent	joy	inherente
inherent	negative	inherente
inherent	positive	inherente
inherent	sadness	inherente
inherent	surprise	inherente
inherent	trust	inherente
vermin	anger	vermin
vermin	anticipation	vermin
vermin	disgust	vermin
vermin	fear	vermin
vermin	joy	vermin
vermin	negative	vermin
vermin	positive	vermin
vermin	sadness	vermin
vermin	surprise	vermin
vermin	trust	vermin
stroke	anger	golpe
stroke	anticipation	de golpe
stroke	disgust	de golpe
stroke	fear	de golpe
stroke	joy	golpe
stroke	negative	de golpe
stroke	positive	de golpe
stroke	sadness	de golpe
stroke	surprise	estancamiento
stroke	trust	de estancamiento
stagnation	anger	de golpe
stagnation	anticipation	de golpe
stagnation	disgust	estancamiento
stagnation	fear	de estancamiento
stagnation	joy	de estancamiento
stagnation	negative	de estancamiento
stagnation	positive	estancamiento
stagnation	sadness	de estancamiento
stagnation	surprise	de estancamiento
stagnation	trust	de estancamiento
accumulation	anger	acumulación
accumulation	anticipation	de acumulación
accumulation	disgust	de acumulación
accumulation	fear	de acumulación
accumulation	joy	acumulación
accumulation	negative	de acumulación
accumulation	positive	de acumulación
accumulation	sadness	de acumulación
accumulation	surprise	acumulación
accumulation	trust	de acumulación
nun	anger	nun
nun	anticipation	nun
nun	disgust	nun
nun	fear	nun
nun	joy	nun
nun	negative	nun
nun	positive	nun
nun	sadness	nun
nun	surprise	nun
nun	trust	nun
assimilate	anger	asimilar
assimilate	anticipation	asimilar
assimilate	disgust	asimilar
assimilate	fear	asimilar
assimilate	joy	asimilar
assimilate	negative	asimilar
assimilate	positive	asimilar
assimilate	sadness	asimilar
assimilate	surprise	asimilar
assimilate	trust	asimilar
spa	anger	balneario
spa	anticipation	de balneario
spa	disgust	de balneario
spa	fear	de balneario
spa	joy	balneario
spa	negative	de balneario
spa	positive	de balneario
spa	sadness	de balneario
spa	surprise	balneario
spa	trust	de balneario
promissory	anger	promisorio
promissory	anticipation	promisorio
promissory	disgust	promisorio
promissory	fear	promisorio
promissory	joy	promisorio
promissory	negative	promisorio
promissory	positive	promisorio
promissory	sadness	promisorio
promissory	surprise	promisorio
promissory	trust	promisorio
paganism	anger	paganism
paganism	anticipation	paganism
paganism	disgust	paganism
paganism	fear	paganism
paganism	joy	paganism
paganism	negative	paganism
paganism	positive	paganism
paganism	sadness	paganism
paganism	surprise	paganism
paganism	trust	paganism
concluding	anger	concluyendo
concluding	anticipation	concluyendo
concluding	disgust	concluyendo
concluding	fear	concluyendo
concluding	joy	concluyendo
concluding	negative	concluyendo
concluding	positive	concluyendo
concluding	sadness	concluyendo
concluding	surprise	concluyendo
concluding	trust	concluyendo
insecurity	anger	inseguridad
insecurity	anticipation	de inseguridad
insecurity	disgust	de inseguridad
insecurity	fear	de inseguridad
insecurity	joy	inseguridad
insecurity	negative	de inseguridad
insecurity	positive	de inseguridad
insecurity	sadness	de inseguridad
insecurity	surprise	derroche
insecurity	trust	de derroche
splurge	anger	de inseguridad
splurge	anticipation	de inseguridad
splurge	disgust	derroche
splurge	fear	de derroche
splurge	joy	de derroche
splurge	negative	de derroche
splurge	positive	derroche
splurge	sadness	de derroche
splurge	surprise	de derroche
splurge	trust	de derroche
mutilation	anger	mutilación
mutilation	anticipation	de mutilación
mutilation	disgust	de mutilación
mutilation	fear	de mutilación
mutilation	joy	mutilación
mutilation	negative	de mutilación
mutilation	positive	de mutilación
mutilation	sadness	de mutilación
mutilation	surprise	mutilación
mutilation	trust	de mutilación
bereaved	anger	bereaved
bereaved	anticipation	bereaved
bereaved	disgust	bereaved
bereaved	fear	bereaved
bereaved	joy	bereaved
bereaved	negative	bereaved
bereaved	positive	bereaved
bereaved	sadness	bereaved
bereaved	surprise	bereaved
bereaved	trust	bereaved
lieu	anger	lieu
lieu	anticipation	lieu
lieu	disgust	lieu
lieu	fear	lieu
lieu	joy	lieu
lieu	negative	lieu
lieu	positive	lieu
lieu	sadness	lieu
lieu	surprise	lieu
lieu	trust	lieu
present	anger	presente
present	anticipation	presente
present	disgust	presente
present	fear	presente
present	joy	presente
present	negative	presente
present	positive	presente
present	sadness	república
present	surprise	de república
present	trust	presente
republic	anger	presente
republic	anticipation	presente
republic	disgust	república
republic	fear	de república
republic	joy	de república
republic	negative	de república
republic	positive	república
republic	sadness	de república
republic	surprise	de república
republic	trust	de república
chagrin	anger	chagrin
chagrin	anticipation	chagrin
chagrin	disgust	chagrin
chagrin	fear	chagrin
chagrin	joy	chagrin
chagrin	negative	chagrin
chagrin	positive	chagrin
chagrin	sadness	chagrin
chagrin	surprise	chagrin
chagrin	trust	chagrin
fanfare	anger	charanga
fanfare	anticipation	de charanga
fanfare	disgust	de charanga
fanfare	fear	de charanga
fanfare	joy	charanga
fanfare	negative	de charanga
fanfare	positive	de charanga
fanfare	sadness	de charanga
fanfare	surprise	aerodinámica
fanfare	trust	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	anger	de charanga
aerodynamics	anticipation	de charanga
aerodynamics	disgust	aerodinámica
aerodynamics	fear	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	joy	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	negative	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	positive	aerodinámica
aerodynamics	sadness	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	surprise	de aerodinámica
aerodynamics	trust	de aerodinámica
ape	anger	simio
ape	anticipation	de simio
ape	disgust	de simio
ape	fear	de simio
ape	joy	simio
ape	negative	de simio
ape	positive	de simio
ape	sadness	de simio
ape	surprise	piso
ape	trust	de piso
floor	anger	de simio
floor	anticipation	de simio
floor	disgust	piso
floor	fear	de piso
floor	joy	de piso
floor	negative	de piso
floor	positive	piso
floor	sadness	de piso
floor	surprise	de piso
floor	trust	de piso
imitated	anger	imitó
imitated	anticipation	imitado
imitated	disgust	imitó
imitated	fear	imitado
imitated	joy	imitó
imitated	negative	imitado
imitated	positive	imitó
imitated	sadness	imitado
imitated	surprise	imitó
imitated	trust	intervención
intervention	anger	de intervención
intervention	anticipation	de intervención
intervention	disgust	imitada
intervention	fear	intervención
intervention	joy	de intervención
intervention	negative	de intervención
intervention	positive	de intervención
intervention	sadness	intervención
intervention	surprise	de intervención
intervention	trust	de la intervención
subdue	anger	subdue
subdue	anticipation	subdue
subdue	disgust	subdue
subdue	fear	subdue
subdue	joy	subdue
subdue	negative	subdue
subdue	positive	subdue
subdue	sadness	subdue
subdue	surprise	subdue
subdue	trust	subdue
amuse	anger	divertir
amuse	anticipation	divertir
amuse	disgust	divertir
amuse	fear	divertir
amuse	joy	divertir
amuse	negative	divertir
amuse	positive	divertir
amuse	sadness	divertir
amuse	surprise	divertir
amuse	trust	divertir
indolent	anger	indolent
indolent	anticipation	indolent
indolent	disgust	indolent
indolent	fear	indolent
indolent	joy	indolent
indolent	negative	indolent
indolent	positive	indolent
indolent	sadness	indolent
indolent	surprise	indolent
indolent	trust	indolent
inquirer	anger	inquirer
inquirer	anticipation	inquirer
inquirer	disgust	inquirer
inquirer	fear	inquirer
inquirer	joy	inquirer
inquirer	negative	inquirer
inquirer	positive	inquirer
inquirer	sadness	inquirer
inquirer	surprise	inquirer
inquirer	trust	inquirer
retrospect	anger	retrospect
retrospect	anticipation	retrospect
retrospect	disgust	retrospect
retrospect	fear	retrospect
retrospect	joy	retrospect
retrospect	negative	retrospect
retrospect	positive	retrospect
retrospect	sadness	retrospect
retrospect	surprise	retrospect
retrospect	trust	retrospect
hundredth	anger	centésimo
hundredth	anticipation	centésimo
hundredth	disgust	centésimo
hundredth	fear	centésimo
hundredth	joy	centésimo
hundredth	negative	centésimo
hundredth	positive	centésimo
hundredth	sadness	centésimo
hundredth	surprise	centésimo
hundredth	trust	centésimo
randy	anger	randy
randy	anticipation	randy
randy	disgust	randy
randy	fear	randy
randy	joy	randy
randy	negative	randy
randy	positive	randy
randy	sadness	randy
randy	surprise	randy
randy	trust	randy
pose	anger	pose
pose	anticipation	de pose
pose	disgust	de pose
pose	fear	de pose
pose	joy	pose
pose	negative	de pose
pose	positive	de pose
pose	sadness	de pose
pose	surprise	susceptibilidad
pose	trust	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	anger	de pose
susceptibility	anticipation	de pose
susceptibility	disgust	susceptibilidad
susceptibility	fear	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	joy	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	negative	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	positive	susceptibilidad
susceptibility	sadness	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	surprise	de susceptibilidad
susceptibility	trust	de susceptibilidad
persuasion	anger	persuasión
persuasion	anticipation	de persuasión
persuasion	disgust	de persuasión
persuasion	fear	de persuasión
persuasion	joy	persuasión
persuasion	negative	de persuasión
persuasion	positive	de persuasión
persuasion	sadness	de persuasión
persuasion	surprise	persuasión
persuasion	trust	de persuasión
hashish	anger	hashish
hashish	anticipation	hashish
hashish	disgust	hashish
hashish	fear	hashish
hashish	joy	hashish
hashish	negative	hashish
hashish	positive	hashish
hashish	sadness	hashish
hashish	surprise	hashish
hashish	trust	hashish
isolation	anger	aislamiento
isolation	anticipation	de aislamiento
isolation	disgust	de aislamiento
isolation	fear	de aislamiento
isolation	joy	aislamiento
isolation	negative	de aislamiento
isolation	positive	de aislamiento
isolation	sadness	de aislamiento
isolation	surprise	aislamiento
isolation	trust	de aislamiento
landed	anger	aterrizó
landed	anticipation	aterrizado
landed	disgust	aterrizó
landed	fear	aterrizado
landed	joy	aterrizó
landed	negative	aterrizado
landed	positive	aterrizó
landed	sadness	aterrizado
landed	surprise	aterrizó
landed	trust	aterrizado
estoppel	anger	estoppel
estoppel	anticipation	estoppel
estoppel	disgust	estoppel
estoppel	fear	estoppel
estoppel	joy	estoppel
estoppel	negative	estoppel
estoppel	positive	estoppel
estoppel	sadness	estoppel
estoppel	surprise	estoppel
estoppel	trust	estoppel
duplicity	anger	duplicidad
duplicity	anticipation	de duplicidad
duplicity	disgust	de duplicidad
duplicity	fear	de duplicidad
duplicity	joy	duplicidad
duplicity	negative	de duplicidad
duplicity	positive	de duplicidad
duplicity	sadness	de duplicidad
duplicity	surprise	duplicidad
duplicity	trust	de duplicidad
relaxed	anger	relajó
relaxed	anticipation	relajada
relaxed	disgust	relajó
relaxed	fear	relajado
relaxed	joy	relajó
relaxed	negative	relajado
relaxed	positive	relajó
relaxed	sadness	relajado
relaxed	surprise	relajó
relaxed	trust	néctar
nectar	anger	de néctar
nectar	anticipation	de néctar
nectar	disgust	relajado
nectar	fear	néctar
nectar	joy	de néctar
nectar	negative	de néctar
nectar	positive	de néctar
nectar	sadness	néctar
nectar	surprise	de néctar
nectar	trust	del néctar
gauze	anger	gauze
gauze	anticipation	gauze
gauze	disgust	gauze
gauze	fear	gauze
gauze	joy	gauze
gauze	negative	gauze
gauze	positive	gauze
gauze	sadness	gauze
gauze	surprise	gauze
gauze	trust	gauze
audit	anger	auditoría
audit	anticipation	de auditoría
audit	disgust	de auditoría
audit	fear	de auditoría
audit	joy	auditoría
audit	negative	de auditoría
audit	positive	de auditoría
audit	sadness	de auditoría
audit	surprise	auditoría
audit	trust	de auditoría
mediate	anger	media
mediate	anticipation	mediar
mediate	disgust	mediar
mediate	fear	mediar
mediate	joy	mediar
mediate	negative	mediar
mediate	positive	mediar
mediate	sadness	mediar
mediate	surprise	mediar
mediate	trust	mediar
mantle	anger	manto
mantle	anticipation	de manto
mantle	disgust	de manto
mantle	fear	de manto
mantle	joy	manto
mantle	negative	de manto
mantle	positive	de manto
mantle	sadness	de manto
mantle	surprise	domo
mantle	trust	de domo
dome	anger	de manto
dome	anticipation	de manto
dome	disgust	domo
dome	fear	de domo
dome	joy	de domo
dome	negative	de domo
dome	positive	domo
dome	sadness	de domo
dome	surprise	de domo
dome	trust	de domo
serpentine	anger	serpentina
serpentine	anticipation	de serpentina
serpentine	disgust	de serpentina
serpentine	fear	de serpentina
serpentine	joy	serpentina
serpentine	negative	de serpentina
serpentine	positive	de serpentina
serpentine	sadness	de serpentina
serpentine	surprise	serpentina
serpentine	trust	de serpentina
sweetheart	anger	sweetheart
sweetheart	anticipation	sweetheart
sweetheart	disgust	sweetheart
sweetheart	fear	sweetheart
sweetheart	joy	sweetheart
sweetheart	negative	sweetheart
sweetheart	positive	sweetheart
sweetheart	sadness	sweetheart
sweetheart	surprise	sweetheart
sweetheart	trust	sweetheart
fermentation	anger	fermentación
fermentation	anticipation	de fermentación
fermentation	disgust	de fermentación
fermentation	fear	de fermentación
fermentation	joy	fermentación
fermentation	negative	de fermentación
fermentation	positive	de fermentación
fermentation	sadness	de fermentación
fermentation	surprise	fermentación
fermentation	trust	de fermentación que
voting	anger	vota
voting	anticipation	votando
voting	disgust	votando
voting	fear	votando
voting	joy	votando
voting	negative	votando
voting	positive	votando
voting	sadness	votando
voting	surprise	votando
voting	trust	votando
dormant	anger	dormant
dormant	anticipation	dormant
dormant	disgust	dormant
dormant	fear	dormant
dormant	joy	dormant
dormant	negative	dormant
dormant	positive	dormant
dormant	sadness	dormant
dormant	surprise	dormant
dormant	trust	dormant
stem	anger	raíz
stem	anticipation	de raíz
stem	disgust	de raíz
stem	fear	de raíz
stem	joy	raíz
stem	negative	de raíz
stem	positive	de raíz
stem	sadness	de raíz
stem	surprise	sable
stem	trust	de sable
saber	anger	de raíz
saber	anticipation	de raíz
saber	disgust	sable
saber	fear	de sable
saber	joy	de sable
saber	negative	de sable
saber	positive	sable
saber	sadness	de sable
saber	surprise	de sable
saber	trust	de sable
disqualification	anger	descalificación
disqualification	anticipation	de descalificación
disqualification	disgust	de descalificación
disqualification	fear	de descalificación
disqualification	joy	descalificación
disqualification	negative	de descalificación
disqualification	positive	de descalificación
disqualification	sadness	de descalificación
disqualification	surprise	panorama
disqualification	trust	de panorama
panorama	anger	de descalificación
panorama	anticipation	de descalificación
panorama	disgust	panorama
panorama	fear	de panorama
panorama	joy	de panorama
panorama	negative	de panorama
panorama	positive	panorama
panorama	sadness	de panorama
panorama	surprise	de panorama
panorama	trust	de panorama
defamation	anger	defamation
defamation	anticipation	defamation
defamation	disgust	defamation
defamation	fear	defamation
defamation	joy	defamation
defamation	negative	defamation
defamation	positive	defamation
defamation	sadness	defamation
defamation	surprise	defamation
defamation	trust	defamation
interim	anger	interino
interim	anticipation	interino
interim	disgust	interino
interim	fear	interino
interim	joy	interino
interim	negative	interino
interim	positive	interino
interim	sadness	interino
interim	surprise	interino
interim	trust	interino
passionate	anger	apasionado
passionate	anticipation	apasionado
passionate	disgust	apasionado
passionate	fear	apasionado
passionate	joy	apasionado
passionate	negative	apasionado
passionate	positive	apasionado
passionate	sadness	apasionado
passionate	surprise	apasionado
passionate	trust	apasionado
yaw	anger	yaw
yaw	anticipation	yaw
yaw	disgust	yaw
yaw	fear	yaw
yaw	joy	yaw
yaw	negative	yaw
yaw	positive	yaw
yaw	sadness	yaw
yaw	surprise	yaw
yaw	trust	yaw
moderating	anger	moderando
moderating	anticipation	moderando
moderating	disgust	moderando
moderating	fear	moderando
moderating	joy	moderando
moderating	negative	moderando
moderating	positive	moderando
moderating	sadness	moderando
moderating	surprise	moderando
moderating	trust	moderando
draw	anger	sorteo
draw	anticipation	de sorteo
draw	disgust	de sorteo
draw	fear	de sorteo
draw	joy	sorteo
draw	negative	de sorteo
draw	positive	de sorteo
draw	sadness	de sorteo
draw	surprise	sorteo
draw	trust	de sorteo
diversify	anger	diversifica
diversify	anticipation	diversificar
diversify	disgust	diversificar
diversify	fear	diversificar
diversify	joy	diversificar
diversify	negative	diversificar
diversify	positive	diversificar
diversify	sadness	diversificar
diversify	surprise	diversificar
diversify	trust	diversificar
version	anger	versión
version	anticipation	de versión
version	disgust	de versión
version	fear	de versión
version	joy	versión
version	negative	de versión
version	positive	de versión
version	sadness	de versión
version	surprise	versión
version	trust	de versión
encumbrance	anger	encumbrance
encumbrance	anticipation	encumbrance
encumbrance	disgust	encumbrance
encumbrance	fear	encumbrance
encumbrance	joy	encumbrance
encumbrance	negative	encumbrance
encumbrance	positive	encumbrance
encumbrance	sadness	encumbrance
encumbrance	surprise	encumbrance
encumbrance	trust	encumbrance
common	anger	común
common	anticipation	común
common	disgust	común
common	fear	común
common	joy	común
common	negative	común
common	positive	común
common	sadness	común
common	surprise	común
common	trust	común
intrusive	anger	intruso
intrusive	anticipation	intruso
intrusive	disgust	intruso
intrusive	fear	intruso
intrusive	joy	intruso
intrusive	negative	intruso
intrusive	positive	intruso
intrusive	sadness	intruso
intrusive	surprise	intruso
intrusive	trust	intruso
fortnightly	anger	fortnightly
fortnightly	anticipation	fortnightly
fortnightly	disgust	fortnightly
fortnightly	fear	fortnightly
fortnightly	joy	fortnightly
fortnightly	negative	fortnightly
fortnightly	positive	fortnightly
fortnightly	sadness	fortnightly
fortnightly	surprise	fortnightly
fortnightly	trust	fortnightly
health	anger	salud
health	anticipation	de salud
health	disgust	de salud
health	fear	de salud
health	joy	salud
health	negative	de salud
health	positive	de salud
health	sadness	de salud
health	surprise	salud
health	trust	de salud
portray	anger	retrata
portray	anticipation	retratar
portray	disgust	retratar
portray	fear	retratar
portray	joy	retratar
portray	negative	retratar
portray	positive	retratar
portray	sadness	retratar
portray	surprise	retratar
portray	trust	retratar
jib	anger	jib
jib	anticipation	jib
jib	disgust	jib
jib	fear	jib
jib	joy	jib
jib	negative	jib
jib	positive	jib
jib	sadness	jib
jib	surprise	jib
jib	trust	jib
dominating	anger	dominando
dominating	anticipation	dominando
dominating	disgust	dominando
dominating	fear	dominando
dominating	joy	dominando
dominating	negative	dominando
dominating	positive	dominando
dominating	sadness	dominando
dominating	surprise	dominando
dominating	trust	dominando
prospectively	anger	prospectively
prospectively	anticipation	prospectively
prospectively	disgust	prospectively
prospectively	fear	prospectively
prospectively	joy	prospectively
prospectively	negative	prospectively
prospectively	positive	prospectively
prospectively	sadness	prospectively
prospectively	surprise	prospectively
prospectively	trust	prospectively
stronghold	anger	baluarte
stronghold	anticipation	de baluarte
stronghold	disgust	de baluarte
stronghold	fear	de baluarte
stronghold	joy	baluarte
stronghold	negative	de baluarte
stronghold	positive	de baluarte
stronghold	sadness	de baluarte
stronghold	surprise	párrafo
stronghold	trust	de párrafo
paragraph	anger	de baluarte
paragraph	anticipation	de baluarte
paragraph	disgust	párrafo
paragraph	fear	de párrafo
paragraph	joy	de párrafo
paragraph	negative	de párrafo
paragraph	positive	párrafo
paragraph	sadness	de párrafo
paragraph	surprise	de párrafo
paragraph	trust	de párrafo
grievous	anger	grave
grievous	anticipation	grave
grievous	disgust	grave
grievous	fear	grave
grievous	joy	grave
grievous	negative	grave
grievous	positive	grave
grievous	sadness	grave
grievous	surprise	grave
grievous	trust	grave
commonwealth	anger	commonwealth
commonwealth	anticipation	commonwealth
commonwealth	disgust	commonwealth
commonwealth	fear	commonwealth
commonwealth	joy	commonwealth
commonwealth	negative	commonwealth
commonwealth	positive	commonwealth
commonwealth	sadness	commonwealth
commonwealth	surprise	commonwealth
commonwealth	trust	commonwealth
canning	anger	canning
canning	anticipation	canning
canning	disgust	canning
canning	fear	canning
canning	joy	canning
canning	negative	canning
canning	positive	canning
canning	sadness	canning
canning	surprise	canning
canning	trust	canning
foxy	anger	foxy
foxy	anticipation	foxy
foxy	disgust	foxy
foxy	fear	foxy
foxy	joy	foxy
foxy	negative	foxy
foxy	positive	foxy
foxy	sadness	foxy
foxy	surprise	foxy
foxy	trust	foxy
herbaceous	anger	herbaceous
herbaceous	anticipation	herbaceous
herbaceous	disgust	herbaceous
herbaceous	fear	herbaceous
herbaceous	joy	herbaceous
herbaceous	negative	herbaceous
herbaceous	positive	herbaceous
herbaceous	sadness	herbaceous
herbaceous	surprise	herbaceous
herbaceous	trust	herbaceous
flop	anger	flop
flop	anticipation	flop
flop	disgust	flop
flop	fear	flop
flop	joy	flop
flop	negative	flop
flop	positive	flop
flop	sadness	flop
flop	surprise	flop
flop	trust	flop
greyhound	anger	galgo
greyhound	anticipation	de galgo
greyhound	disgust	de galgo
greyhound	fear	de galgo
greyhound	joy	galgo
greyhound	negative	de galgo
greyhound	positive	de galgo
greyhound	sadness	de galgo
greyhound	surprise	ocio
greyhound	trust	de ocio
leisure	anger	de galgo
leisure	anticipation	de galgo
leisure	disgust	ocio
leisure	fear	de ocio
leisure	joy	de ocio
leisure	negative	de ocio
leisure	positive	ocio
leisure	sadness	de ocio
leisure	surprise	de ocio
leisure	trust	de ocio
ophthalmologist	anger	oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	anticipation	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	disgust	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	fear	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	joy	oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	negative	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	positive	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	sadness	de oftalmólogo
ophthalmologist	surprise	persecución
ophthalmologist	trust	de persecución
chase	anger	de oftalmólogo
chase	anticipation	de oftalmólogo
chase	disgust	persecución
chase	fear	de persecución
chase	joy	de persecución
chase	negative	de persecución
chase	positive	persecución
chase	sadness	de persecución
chase	surprise	de persecución
chase	trust	de persecución
ego	anger	ego
ego	anticipation	ego
ego	disgust	ego
ego	fear	ego
ego	joy	ego
ego	negative	ego
ego	positive	ego
ego	sadness	ego
ego	surprise	ego
ego	trust	ego
compass	anger	compás
compass	anticipation	de compás
compass	disgust	de compás
compass	fear	de compás
compass	joy	compás
compass	negative	de compás
compass	positive	de compás
compass	sadness	de compás
compass	surprise	compás
compass	trust	de compás
harbinger	anger	harbinger
harbinger	anticipation	harbinger
harbinger	disgust	harbinger
harbinger	fear	harbinger
harbinger	joy	harbinger
harbinger	negative	harbinger
harbinger	positive	harbinger
harbinger	sadness	harbinger
harbinger	surprise	harbinger
harbinger	trust	harbinger
chariot	anger	chariot
chariot	anticipation	chariot
chariot	disgust	chariot
chariot	fear	chariot
chariot	joy	chariot
chariot	negative	chariot
chariot	positive	chariot
chariot	sadness	chariot
chariot	surprise	chariot
chariot	trust	chariot
blister	anger	blister
blister	anticipation	blister
blister	disgust	blister
blister	fear	blister
blister	joy	blister
blister	negative	blister
blister	positive	blister
blister	sadness	blister
blister	surprise	blister
blister	trust	blister
governor	anger	gobernador
governor	anticipation	de gobernador
governor	disgust	de gobernador
governor	fear	de gobernador
governor	joy	gobernador
governor	negative	de gobernador
governor	positive	de gobernador
governor	sadness	de gobernador
governor	surprise	gobernador
governor	trust	de gobernador
scaffolding	anger	scaffolding
scaffolding	anticipation	scaffolding
scaffolding	disgust	scaffolding
scaffolding	fear	scaffolding
scaffolding	joy	scaffolding
scaffolding	negative	scaffolding
scaffolding	positive	scaffolding
scaffolding	sadness	scaffolding
scaffolding	surprise	scaffolding
scaffolding	trust	scaffolding
disseminate	anger	diseminar
disseminate	anticipation	diseminar
disseminate	disgust	diseminar
disseminate	fear	diseminar
disseminate	joy	diseminar
disseminate	negative	diseminar
disseminate	positive	diseminar
disseminate	sadness	diseminar
disseminate	surprise	diseminar
disseminate	trust	diseminar
enjoy	anger	disfrutar
enjoy	anticipation	disfrutar
enjoy	disgust	disfrutar
enjoy	fear	disfrutar
enjoy	joy	disfrutar
enjoy	negative	disfrutar
enjoy	positive	disfrutar
enjoy	sadness	disfrutar
enjoy	surprise	disfrutar
enjoy	trust	disfrutar
gradually	anger	gradualmente
gradually	anticipation	gradualmente
gradually	disgust	gradualmente
gradually	fear	gradualmente
gradually	joy	gradualmente
gradually	negative	gradualmente
gradually	positive	gradualmente
gradually	sadness	gradualmente
gradually	surprise	gradualmente
gradually	trust	gradualmente
momentary	anger	momentáneo
momentary	anticipation	momentáneo
momentary	disgust	momentáneo
momentary	fear	momentáneo
momentary	joy	momentáneo
momentary	negative	momentáneo
momentary	positive	momentáneo
momentary	sadness	momentáneo
momentary	surprise	momentáneo
momentary	trust	momentáneo
chic	anger	chic
chic	anticipation	chic
chic	disgust	chic
chic	fear	chic
chic	joy	chic
chic	negative	chic
chic	positive	chic
chic	sadness	chic
chic	surprise	chic
chic	trust	chic
reign	anger	reinado
reign	anticipation	de reinado
reign	disgust	de reinado
reign	fear	de reinado
reign	joy	reinado
reign	negative	de reinado
reign	positive	de reinado
reign	sadness	de reinado
reign	surprise	director
reign	trust	de director
conductor	anger	de reinado
conductor	anticipation	de reinado
conductor	disgust	director
conductor	fear	de director
conductor	joy	de director
conductor	negative	de director
conductor	positive	director
conductor	sadness	de director
conductor	surprise	de director
conductor	trust	de director
spinning	anger	hiladura
spinning	anticipation	de hiladura
spinning	disgust	de hiladura
spinning	fear	de hiladura
spinning	joy	hiladura
spinning	negative	de hiladura
spinning	positive	de hiladura
spinning	sadness	de hiladura
spinning	surprise	la hiladura que
spinning	trust	gira
subsequence	anger	subsequence
subsequence	anticipation	subsequence
subsequence	disgust	subsequence
subsequence	fear	subsequence
subsequence	joy	subsequence
subsequence	negative	subsequence
subsequence	positive	subsequence
subsequence	sadness	subsequence
subsequence	surprise	subsequence
subsequence	trust	subsequence
sermon	anger	sermón
sermon	anticipation	de sermón
sermon	disgust	de sermón
sermon	fear	de sermón
sermon	joy	sermón
sermon	negative	de sermón
sermon	positive	de sermón
sermon	sadness	de sermón
sermon	surprise	sermón
sermon	trust	de sermón
adjourn	anger	suspende
adjourn	anticipation	suspender
adjourn	disgust	suspender
adjourn	fear	suspender
adjourn	joy	suspender
adjourn	negative	suspender
adjourn	positive	suspender
adjourn	sadness	suspender
adjourn	surprise	suspender
adjourn	trust	suspender
general	anger	general
general	anticipation	general
general	disgust	general
general	fear	general
general	joy	general
general	negative	general
general	positive	general
general	sadness	general
general	surprise	general
general	trust	general
lagoon	anger	lagoon
lagoon	anticipation	lagoon
lagoon	disgust	lagoon
lagoon	fear	lagoon
lagoon	joy	lagoon
lagoon	negative	lagoon
lagoon	positive	lagoon
lagoon	sadness	lagoon
lagoon	surprise	lagoon
lagoon	trust	lagoon
maximum	anger	máximo
maximum	anticipation	máximo
maximum	disgust	máximo
maximum	fear	máximo
maximum	joy	máximo
maximum	negative	máximo
maximum	positive	máximo
maximum	sadness	delito
maximum	surprise	de delito
maximum	trust	máximo
crime	anger	máximo
crime	anticipation	máximo
crime	disgust	delito
crime	fear	de delito
crime	joy	de delito
crime	negative	de delito
crime	positive	delito
crime	sadness	de delito
crime	surprise	de delito
crime	trust	de delito
astonishment	anger	asombro
astonishment	anticipation	de asombro
astonishment	disgust	de asombro
astonishment	fear	de asombro
astonishment	joy	asombro
astonishment	negative	de asombro
astonishment	positive	de asombro
astonishment	sadness	de asombro
astonishment	surprise	siglo
astonishment	trust	de siglo
century	anger	de asombro
century	anticipation	de asombro
century	disgust	siglo
century	fear	de siglo
century	joy	de siglo
century	negative	de siglo
century	positive	siglo
century	sadness	de siglo
century	surprise	de siglo
century	trust	de siglo
plagiarism	anger	plagio
plagiarism	anticipation	de plagio
plagiarism	disgust	de plagio
plagiarism	fear	de plagio
plagiarism	joy	plagio
plagiarism	negative	de plagio
plagiarism	positive	de plagio
plagiarism	sadness	de plagio
plagiarism	surprise	plagio
plagiarism	trust	de plagio
discontinue	anger	interrumpe
discontinue	anticipation	interrumpir
discontinue	disgust	interrumpir
discontinue	fear	interrumpir
discontinue	joy	interrumpir
discontinue	negative	interrumpir
discontinue	positive	interrumpir
discontinue	sadness	interrumpir
discontinue	surprise	interrumpir
discontinue	trust	interrumpir
corporal	anger	corporal
corporal	anticipation	corporal
corporal	disgust	corporal
corporal	fear	corporal
corporal	joy	corporal
corporal	negative	corporal
corporal	positive	corporal
corporal	sadness	corporal
corporal	surprise	corporal
corporal	trust	corporal
manure	anger	manure
manure	anticipation	manure
manure	disgust	manure
manure	fear	manure
manure	joy	manure
manure	negative	manure
manure	positive	manure
manure	sadness	manure
manure	surprise	manure
manure	trust	manure
celibacy	anger	celibato
celibacy	anticipation	de celibato
celibacy	disgust	de celibato
celibacy	fear	de celibato
celibacy	joy	celibato
celibacy	negative	de celibato
celibacy	positive	de celibato
celibacy	sadness	de celibato
celibacy	surprise	celibato
celibacy	trust	de celibato
ejaculate	anger	ejaculate
ejaculate	anticipation	ejaculate
ejaculate	disgust	ejaculate
ejaculate	fear	ejaculate
ejaculate	joy	ejaculate
ejaculate	negative	ejaculate
ejaculate	positive	ejaculate
ejaculate	sadness	ejaculate
ejaculate	surprise	ejaculate
ejaculate	trust	ejaculate
lovely	anger	precioso
lovely	anticipation	precioso
lovely	disgust	precioso
lovely	fear	precioso
lovely	joy	precioso
lovely	negative	precioso
lovely	positive	precioso
lovely	sadness	frase
lovely	surprise	de frase
lovely	trust	preciosa
phrase	anger	preciosa
phrase	anticipation	preciosa
phrase	disgust	frase
phrase	fear	de frase
phrase	joy	de frase
phrase	negative	de frase
phrase	positive	frase
phrase	sadness	de frase
phrase	surprise	de frase
phrase	trust	de frase
lobbyist	anger	lobbyist
lobbyist	anticipation	lobbyist
lobbyist	disgust	lobbyist
lobbyist	fear	lobbyist
lobbyist	joy	lobbyist
lobbyist	negative	lobbyist
lobbyist	positive	lobbyist
lobbyist	sadness	lobbyist
lobbyist	surprise	lobbyist
lobbyist	trust	lobbyist
quiet	anger	tranquilo
quiet	anticipation	tranquilo
quiet	disgust	tranquilo
quiet	fear	tranquilo
quiet	joy	tranquilo
quiet	negative	tranquilo
quiet	positive	tranquilo
quiet	sadness	tranquilo
quiet	surprise	tranquilo
quiet	trust	tranquilo
elated	anger	elated
elated	anticipation	elated
elated	disgust	elated
elated	fear	elated
elated	joy	elated
elated	negative	elated
elated	positive	elated
elated	sadness	elated
elated	surprise	elated
elated	trust	elated
boil	anger	hervir
boil	anticipation	hervir
boil	disgust	hervir
boil	fear	hervir
boil	joy	hervir
boil	negative	hervir
boil	positive	hervir
boil	sadness	hervir
boil	surprise	hervir
boil	trust	hervir
victoria	anger	victoria
victoria	anticipation	victoria
victoria	disgust	victoria
victoria	fear	victoria
victoria	joy	victoria
victoria	negative	victoria
victoria	positive	victoria
victoria	sadness	victoria
victoria	surprise	victoria
victoria	trust	victoria
sett	anger	sett
sett	anticipation	sett
sett	disgust	sett
sett	fear	sett
sett	joy	sett
sett	negative	sett
sett	positive	sett
sett	sadness	sett
sett	surprise	sett
sett	trust	sett
resort	anger	recurso
resort	anticipation	de recurso
resort	disgust	de recurso
resort	fear	de recurso
resort	joy	recurso
resort	negative	de recurso
resort	positive	de recurso
resort	sadness	de recurso
resort	surprise	recurso
resort	trust	de recurso
expound	anger	expound
expound	anticipation	expound
expound	disgust	expound
expound	fear	expound
expound	joy	expound
expound	negative	expound
expound	positive	expound
expound	sadness	expound
expound	surprise	expound
expound	trust	expound
task	anger	tarea
task	anticipation	de tarea
task	disgust	de tarea
task	fear	de tarea
task	joy	tarea
task	negative	de tarea
task	positive	de tarea
task	sadness	de tarea
task	surprise	tarea
task	trust	de tarea
stipulate	anger	estipula
stipulate	anticipation	estipular
stipulate	disgust	estipular
stipulate	fear	estipular
stipulate	joy	estipular
stipulate	negative	estipular
stipulate	positive	estipular
stipulate	sadness	estipular
stipulate	surprise	estipular
stipulate	trust	estipular
ingress	anger	ingress
ingress	anticipation	ingress
ingress	disgust	ingress
ingress	fear	ingress
ingress	joy	ingress
ingress	negative	ingress
ingress	positive	ingress
ingress	sadness	ingress
ingress	surprise	ingress
ingress	trust	ingress
intrusion	anger	intrusión
intrusion	anticipation	de intrusión
intrusion	disgust	de intrusión
intrusion	fear	de intrusión
intrusion	joy	intrusión
intrusion	negative	de intrusión
intrusion	positive	de intrusión
intrusion	sadness	de intrusión
intrusion	surprise	insuficiencia
intrusion	trust	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	anger	de intrusión
insufficiency	anticipation	de intrusión
insufficiency	disgust	insuficiencia
insufficiency	fear	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	joy	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	negative	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	positive	insuficiencia
insufficiency	sadness	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	surprise	de insuficiencia
insufficiency	trust	de insuficiencia
dilute	anger	diluye
dilute	anticipation	diluir
dilute	disgust	diluir
dilute	fear	diluir
dilute	joy	diluir
dilute	negative	diluir
dilute	positive	diluir
dilute	sadness	diluir
dilute	surprise	diluir
dilute	trust	diluir
confusion	anger	confusión
confusion	anticipation	de confusión
confusion	disgust	de confusión
confusion	fear	de confusión
confusion	joy	confusión
confusion	negative	de confusión
confusion	positive	de confusión
confusion	sadness	de confusión
confusion	surprise	confusión
confusion	trust	de confusión que
sinning	anger	peca
sinning	anticipation	pecando
sinning	disgust	pecando
sinning	fear	pecando
sinning	joy	pecando
sinning	negative	pecando
sinning	positive	pecando
sinning	sadness	pecando
sinning	surprise	pecando
sinning	trust	pecando
senses	anger	los sentidos
senses	anticipation	nota
senses	disgust	los sentidos
senses	fear	nota
senses	joy	los sentidos
senses	negative	nota
senses	positive	los sentidos
senses	sadness	nota
senses	surprise	los sentidos
senses	trust	nota
cavernous	anger	cavernosos
cavernous	anticipation	cavernosos
cavernous	disgust	cavernosos
cavernous	fear	cavernosos
cavernous	joy	cavernosos
cavernous	negative	cavernosos
cavernous	positive	cavernosos
cavernous	sadness	cavernosos
cavernous	surprise	cavernosos
cavernous	trust	cavernosos
ramp	anger	ramp
ramp	anticipation	ramp
ramp	disgust	ramp
ramp	fear	ramp
ramp	joy	ramp
ramp	negative	ramp
ramp	positive	ramp
ramp	sadness	ramp
ramp	surprise	ramp
ramp	trust	ramp
blindfold	anger	blindfold
blindfold	anticipation	blindfold
blindfold	disgust	blindfold
blindfold	fear	blindfold
blindfold	joy	blindfold
blindfold	negative	blindfold
blindfold	positive	blindfold
blindfold	sadness	blindfold
blindfold	surprise	blindfold
blindfold	trust	blindfold
club	anger	club
club	anticipation	de club
club	disgust	de club
club	fear	de club
club	joy	club
club	negative	de club
club	positive	de club
club	sadness	de club
club	surprise	club
club	trust	de club
antler	anger	antler
antler	anticipation	antler
antler	disgust	antler
antler	fear	antler
antler	joy	antler
antler	negative	antler
antler	positive	antler
antler	sadness	antler
antler	surprise	antler
antler	trust	antler
seduction	anger	seducción
seduction	anticipation	de seducción
seduction	disgust	de seducción
seduction	fear	de seducción
seduction	joy	seducción
seduction	negative	de seducción
seduction	positive	de seducción
seduction	sadness	de seducción
seduction	surprise	seducción
seduction	trust	de seducción
excitable	anger	excitable
excitable	anticipation	excitable
excitable	disgust	excitable
excitable	fear	excitable
excitable	joy	excitable
excitable	negative	excitable
excitable	positive	excitable
excitable	sadness	excitable
excitable	surprise	excitable
excitable	trust	excitable
jelly	anger	jalea
jelly	anticipation	de jalea
jelly	disgust	de jalea
jelly	fear	de jalea
jelly	joy	jalea
jelly	negative	de jalea
jelly	positive	de jalea
jelly	sadness	de jalea
jelly	surprise	jalea
jelly	trust	de jalea
aloha	anger	aloha
aloha	anticipation	aloha
aloha	disgust	aloha
aloha	fear	aloha
aloha	joy	aloha
aloha	negative	aloha
aloha	positive	aloha
aloha	sadness	aloha
aloha	surprise	aloha
aloha	trust	aloha
bookish	anger	bookish
bookish	anticipation	bookish
bookish	disgust	bookish
bookish	fear	bookish
bookish	joy	bookish
bookish	negative	bookish
bookish	positive	bookish
bookish	sadness	bookish
bookish	surprise	bookish
bookish	trust	bookish
prepared	anger	preparó
prepared	anticipation	preparado
prepared	disgust	preparó
prepared	fear	preparado
prepared	joy	preparó
prepared	negative	preparado
prepared	positive	preparó
prepared	sadness	preparado
prepared	surprise	preparó
prepared	trust	preparado
shadowy	anger	shadowy
shadowy	anticipation	shadowy
shadowy	disgust	shadowy
shadowy	fear	shadowy
shadowy	joy	shadowy
shadowy	negative	shadowy
shadowy	positive	shadowy
shadowy	sadness	shadowy
shadowy	surprise	shadowy
shadowy	trust	shadowy
list	anger	lista
list	anticipation	de lista
list	disgust	de lista
list	fear	de lista
list	joy	lista
list	negative	de lista
list	positive	de lista
list	sadness	de lista
list	surprise	lista
list	trust	de lista
nib	anger	nib
nib	anticipation	nib
nib	disgust	nib
nib	fear	nib
nib	joy	nib
nib	negative	nib
nib	positive	nib
nib	sadness	nib
nib	surprise	nib
nib	trust	nib
unemployed	anger	parados
unemployed	anticipation	parados
unemployed	disgust	desempleados
unemployed	fear	parados
unemployed	joy	desempleados
unemployed	negative	parados
unemployed	positive	desempleados
unemployed	sadness	parados
unemployed	surprise	de parados
unemployed	trust	desempleados
beckon	anger	beckon
beckon	anticipation	beckon
beckon	disgust	beckon
beckon	fear	beckon
beckon	joy	beckon
beckon	negative	beckon
beckon	positive	beckon
beckon	sadness	beckon
beckon	surprise	beckon
beckon	trust	beckon
spiny	anger	spiny
spiny	anticipation	spiny
spiny	disgust	spiny
spiny	fear	spiny
spiny	joy	spiny
spiny	negative	spiny
spiny	positive	spiny
spiny	sadness	spiny
spiny	surprise	spiny
spiny	trust	spiny
negligent	anger	imprudentes
negligent	anticipation	imprudentes
negligent	disgust	imprudentes
negligent	fear	imprudentes
negligent	joy	imprudentes
negligent	negative	imprudentes
negligent	positive	imprudentes
negligent	sadness	imprudentes
negligent	surprise	imprudentes
negligent	trust	imprudentes
implicate	anger	implicate
implicate	anticipation	implicate
implicate	disgust	implicate
implicate	fear	implicate
implicate	joy	implicate
implicate	negative	implicate
implicate	positive	implicate
implicate	sadness	implicate
implicate	surprise	implicate
implicate	trust	implicate
modified	anger	modificó
modified	anticipation	modificado
modified	disgust	modificó
modified	fear	modificado
modified	joy	modificó
modified	negative	modificado
modified	positive	modificó
modified	sadness	modificado
modified	surprise	modificó
modified	trust	modificado
squatter	anger	squatter
squatter	anticipation	squatter
squatter	disgust	squatter
squatter	fear	squatter
squatter	joy	squatter
squatter	negative	squatter
squatter	positive	squatter
squatter	sadness	squatter
squatter	surprise	squatter
squatter	trust	squatter
extramural	anger	extramural
extramural	anticipation	extramural
extramural	disgust	extramural
extramural	fear	extramural
extramural	joy	extramural
extramural	negative	extramural
extramural	positive	extramural
extramural	sadness	extramural
extramural	surprise	extramural
extramural	trust	extramural
crow	anger	cuervo
crow	anticipation	de cuervo
crow	disgust	de cuervo
crow	fear	de cuervo
crow	joy	cuervo
crow	negative	de cuervo
crow	positive	de cuervo
crow	sadness	de cuervo
crow	surprise	cuervo
crow	trust	de cuervo
waive	anger	waive
waive	anticipation	waive
waive	disgust	waive
waive	fear	waive
waive	joy	waive
waive	negative	waive
waive	positive	waive
waive	sadness	waive
waive	surprise	waive
waive	trust	waive
supremely	anger	supremely
supremely	anticipation	supremely
supremely	disgust	supremely
supremely	fear	supremely
supremely	joy	supremely
supremely	negative	supremely
supremely	positive	supremely
supremely	sadness	supremely
supremely	surprise	supremely
supremely	trust	supremely
queue	anger	queue
queue	anticipation	queue
queue	disgust	queue
queue	fear	queue
queue	joy	queue
queue	negative	queue
queue	positive	queue
queue	sadness	queue
queue	surprise	queue
queue	trust	queue
baton	anger	batuta
baton	anticipation	de batuta
baton	disgust	de batuta
baton	fear	de batuta
baton	joy	batuta
baton	negative	de batuta
baton	positive	de batuta
baton	sadness	de batuta
baton	surprise	batuta
baton	trust	de batuta
intercede	anger	intercede
intercede	anticipation	intercede
intercede	disgust	intercede
intercede	fear	intercede
intercede	joy	intercede
intercede	negative	intercede
intercede	positive	intercede
intercede	sadness	intercede
intercede	surprise	intercede
intercede	trust	intercede
forgetful	anger	forgetful
forgetful	anticipation	forgetful
forgetful	disgust	forgetful
forgetful	fear	forgetful
forgetful	joy	forgetful
forgetful	negative	forgetful
forgetful	positive	forgetful
forgetful	sadness	forgetful
forgetful	surprise	forgetful
forgetful	trust	forgetful
canister	anger	canister
canister	anticipation	canister
canister	disgust	canister
canister	fear	canister
canister	joy	canister
canister	negative	canister
canister	positive	canister
canister	sadness	canister
canister	surprise	canister
canister	trust	canister
topographic	anger	topographic
topographic	anticipation	topographic
topographic	disgust	topographic
topographic	fear	topographic
topographic	joy	topographic
topographic	negative	topographic
topographic	positive	topographic
topographic	sadness	topographic
topographic	surprise	topographic
topographic	trust	topographic
stage	anger	etapa
stage	anticipation	de etapa
stage	disgust	de etapa
stage	fear	de etapa
stage	joy	etapa
stage	negative	de etapa
stage	positive	de etapa
stage	sadness	de etapa
stage	surprise	núcleo
stage	trust	de núcleo
core	anger	de etapa
core	anticipation	de etapa
core	disgust	núcleo
core	fear	de núcleo
core	joy	de núcleo
core	negative	de núcleo
core	positive	núcleo
core	sadness	de núcleo
core	surprise	de núcleo
core	trust	de núcleo
massive	anger	masivo
massive	anticipation	masivo
massive	disgust	masivo
massive	fear	masivo
massive	joy	masivo
massive	negative	masivo
massive	positive	masivo
massive	sadness	masivo
massive	surprise	masivo
massive	trust	masivo
insanity	anger	insanity
insanity	anticipation	insanity
insanity	disgust	insanity
insanity	fear	insanity
insanity	joy	insanity
insanity	negative	insanity
insanity	positive	insanity
insanity	sadness	insanity
insanity	surprise	insanity
insanity	trust	insanity
smallest	anger	más pequeño
smallest	anticipation	más pequeño
smallest	disgust	más pequeño
smallest	fear	más pequeño
smallest	joy	más pequeño
smallest	negative	más pequeño
smallest	positive	más pequeño
smallest	sadness	más pequeño
smallest	surprise	más pequeño
smallest	trust	más pequeño
earnestly	anger	sinceramente
earnestly	anticipation	sinceramente
earnestly	disgust	sinceramente
earnestly	fear	sinceramente
earnestly	joy	sinceramente
earnestly	negative	sinceramente
earnestly	positive	sinceramente
earnestly	sadness	sinceramente
earnestly	surprise	sinceramente
earnestly	trust	sinceramente
desk	anger	escritorio
desk	anticipation	de escritorio
desk	disgust	de escritorio
desk	fear	de escritorio
desk	joy	escritorio
desk	negative	de escritorio
desk	positive	de escritorio
desk	sadness	de escritorio
desk	surprise	óptica
desk	trust	de óptica
optics	anger	de escritorio
optics	anticipation	de escritorio
optics	disgust	óptica
optics	fear	de óptica
optics	joy	de óptica
optics	negative	de óptica
optics	positive	ópticas
optics	sadness	de óptica
optics	surprise	de óptica
optics	trust	de óptica
erupt	anger	entran en erupción
erupt	anticipation	entrar en erupción
erupt	disgust	entrar en erupción
erupt	fear	entrar en erupción
erupt	joy	entrar en erupción
erupt	negative	entrar en erupción
erupt	positive	entrar en erupción
erupt	sadness	entrar en erupción
erupt	surprise	entrar en erupción
erupt	trust	entrar en erupción
moderation	anger	moderación
moderation	anticipation	de moderación
moderation	disgust	de moderación
moderation	fear	de moderación
moderation	joy	moderación
moderation	negative	de moderación
moderation	positive	de moderación
moderation	sadness	de moderación
moderation	surprise	editor
moderation	trust	de editor
editor	anger	de moderación
editor	anticipation	de moderación
editor	disgust	editor
editor	fear	de editor
editor	joy	de editor
editor	negative	de editor
editor	positive	editor
editor	sadness	de editor
editor	surprise	de editor
editor	trust	de editor
extremely	anger	extremadamente
extremely	anticipation	extremadamente
extremely	disgust	extremadamente
extremely	fear	extremadamente
extremely	joy	extremadamente
extremely	negative	extremadamente
extremely	positive	extremadamente
extremely	sadness	extremadamente
extremely	surprise	extremadamente
extremely	trust	extremadamente
underwood	anger	underwood
underwood	anticipation	underwood
underwood	disgust	underwood
underwood	fear	underwood
underwood	joy	underwood
underwood	negative	underwood
underwood	positive	underwood
underwood	sadness	underwood
underwood	surprise	underwood
underwood	trust	underwood
pedometer	anger	pedometer
pedometer	anticipation	pedometer
pedometer	disgust	pedometer
pedometer	fear	pedometer
pedometer	joy	pedometer
pedometer	negative	pedometer
pedometer	positive	pedometer
pedometer	sadness	pedometer
pedometer	surprise	pedometer
pedometer	trust	pedometer
sunset	anger	sunset
sunset	anticipation	sunset
sunset	disgust	sunset
sunset	fear	sunset
sunset	joy	sunset
sunset	negative	sunset
sunset	positive	sunset
sunset	sadness	sunset
sunset	surprise	sunset
sunset	trust	sunset
courteous	anger	courteous
courteous	anticipation	courteous
courteous	disgust	courteous
courteous	fear	courteous
courteous	joy	courteous
courteous	negative	courteous
courteous	positive	courteous
courteous	sadness	courteous
courteous	surprise	courteous
courteous	trust	courteous
clemency	anger	clemencia
clemency	anticipation	de clemencia
clemency	disgust	de clemencia
clemency	fear	de clemencia
clemency	joy	clemencia
clemency	negative	de clemencia
clemency	positive	de clemencia
clemency	sadness	de clemencia
clemency	surprise	misticismo
clemency	trust	de misticismo
mysticism	anger	de clemencia
mysticism	anticipation	de clemencia
mysticism	disgust	misticismo
mysticism	fear	de misticismo
mysticism	joy	de misticismo
mysticism	negative	de misticismo
mysticism	positive	misticismo
mysticism	sadness	de misticismo
mysticism	surprise	de misticismo
mysticism	trust	de misticismo
snippet	anger	snippet
snippet	anticipation	snippet
snippet	disgust	snippet
snippet	fear	snippet
snippet	joy	snippet
snippet	negative	snippet
snippet	positive	snippet
snippet	sadness	snippet
snippet	surprise	snippet
snippet	trust	snippet
pastry	anger	pastry
pastry	anticipation	pastry
pastry	disgust	pastry
pastry	fear	pastry
pastry	joy	pastry
pastry	negative	pastry
pastry	positive	pastry
pastry	sadness	pastry
pastry	surprise	pastry
pastry	trust	pastry
fanatic	anger	fanatic
fanatic	anticipation	fanatic
fanatic	disgust	fanatic
fanatic	fear	fanatic
fanatic	joy	fanatic
fanatic	negative	fanatic
fanatic	positive	fanatic
fanatic	sadness	fanatic
fanatic	surprise	fanatic
fanatic	trust	fanatic
plasticity	anger	plasticity
plasticity	anticipation	plasticity
plasticity	disgust	plasticity
plasticity	fear	plasticity
plasticity	joy	plasticity
plasticity	negative	plasticity
plasticity	positive	plasticity
plasticity	sadness	plasticity
plasticity	surprise	plasticity
plasticity	trust	plasticity
modulus	anger	modulus
modulus	anticipation	modulus
modulus	disgust	modulus
modulus	fear	modulus
modulus	joy	modulus
modulus	negative	modulus
modulus	positive	modulus
modulus	sadness	modulus
modulus	surprise	modulus
modulus	trust	modulus
drab	anger	drab
drab	anticipation	drab
drab	disgust	drab
drab	fear	drab
drab	joy	drab
drab	negative	drab
drab	positive	drab
drab	sadness	drab
drab	surprise	drab
drab	trust	drab
cuddle	anger	cuddle
cuddle	anticipation	cuddle
cuddle	disgust	cuddle
cuddle	fear	cuddle
cuddle	joy	cuddle
cuddle	negative	cuddle
cuddle	positive	cuddle
cuddle	sadness	cuddle
cuddle	surprise	cuddle
cuddle	trust	cuddle
seminal	anger	seminal
seminal	anticipation	seminal
seminal	disgust	seminal
seminal	fear	seminal
seminal	joy	seminal
seminal	negative	seminal
seminal	positive	seminal
seminal	sadness	productividad
seminal	surprise	de productividad
seminal	trust	seminal
productivity	anger	seminal
productivity	anticipation	seminal
productivity	disgust	productividad
productivity	fear	de productividad
productivity	joy	de productividad
productivity	negative	de productividad
productivity	positive	productividad
productivity	sadness	de productividad
productivity	surprise	de productividad
productivity	trust	de productividad
cache	anger	cache
cache	anticipation	cache
cache	disgust	cache
cache	fear	cache
cache	joy	cache
cache	negative	cache
cache	positive	cache
cache	sadness	cache
cache	surprise	cache
cache	trust	cache
congruence	anger	congruencia
congruence	anticipation	de congruencia
congruence	disgust	de congruencia
congruence	fear	de congruencia
congruence	joy	congruencia
congruence	negative	de congruencia
congruence	positive	de congruencia
congruence	sadness	de congruencia
congruence	surprise	congruencia
congruence	trust	de congruencia
ruff	anger	ruff
ruff	anticipation	ruff
ruff	disgust	ruff
ruff	fear	ruff
ruff	joy	ruff
ruff	negative	ruff
ruff	positive	ruff
ruff	sadness	ruff
ruff	surprise	ruff
ruff	trust	ruff
chaise	anger	tílburi
chaise	anticipation	de tílburi
chaise	disgust	de tílburi
chaise	fear	de tílburi
chaise	joy	tílburi
chaise	negative	de tílburi
chaise	positive	de tílburi
chaise	sadness	de tílburi
chaise	surprise	tílburi
chaise	trust	de tílburi
medieval	anger	medieval
medieval	anticipation	medieval
medieval	disgust	medieval
medieval	fear	medieval
medieval	joy	medieval
medieval	negative	medieval
medieval	positive	medieval
medieval	sadness	medieval
medieval	surprise	medieval
medieval	trust	medieval
conducive	anger	conducive
conducive	anticipation	conducive
conducive	disgust	conducive
conducive	fear	conducive
conducive	joy	conducive
conducive	negative	conducive
conducive	positive	conducive
conducive	sadness	conducive
conducive	surprise	conducive
conducive	trust	conducive
landlord	anger	dueño
landlord	anticipation	de dueño
landlord	disgust	de dueño
landlord	fear	de dueño
landlord	joy	dueño
landlord	negative	de dueño
landlord	positive	de dueño
landlord	sadness	de dueño
landlord	surprise	ciudad
landlord	trust	de ciudad
town	anger	de dueño
town	anticipation	de dueño
town	disgust	ciudad
town	fear	de ciudad
town	joy	de ciudad
town	negative	de ciudad
town	positive	ciudad
town	sadness	de ciudad
town	surprise	de ciudad
town	trust	de ciudad
shirt	anger	camisa
shirt	anticipation	de camisa
shirt	disgust	de camisa
shirt	fear	de camisa
shirt	joy	camisa
shirt	negative	de camisa
shirt	positive	de camisa
shirt	sadness	de camisa
shirt	surprise	camisa
shirt	trust	de camisa
disconnect	anger	disconnect
disconnect	anticipation	disconnect
disconnect	disgust	disconnect
disconnect	fear	disconnect
disconnect	joy	disconnect
disconnect	negative	disconnect
disconnect	positive	disconnect
disconnect	sadness	disconnect
disconnect	surprise	disconnect
disconnect	trust	disconnect
raucous	anger	raucous
raucous	anticipation	raucous
raucous	disgust	raucous
raucous	fear	raucous
raucous	joy	raucous
raucous	negative	raucous
raucous	positive	raucous
raucous	sadness	raucous
raucous	surprise	raucous
raucous	trust	raucous
flirting	anger	coqueteando
flirting	anticipation	coqueteando
flirting	disgust	coqueteando
flirting	fear	coqueteando
flirting	joy	coqueteando
flirting	negative	coqueteando
flirting	positive	coqueteando
flirting	sadness	coqueteando
flirting	surprise	coqueteando
flirting	trust	coqueteando
fissile	anger	fissile
fissile	anticipation	fissile
fissile	disgust	fissile
fissile	fear	fissile
fissile	joy	fissile
fissile	negative	fissile
fissile	positive	fissile
fissile	sadness	fissile
fissile	surprise	fissile
fissile	trust	fissile
horizontally	anger	horizontalmente
horizontally	anticipation	horizontalmente
horizontally	disgust	horizontalmente
horizontally	fear	horizontalmente
horizontally	joy	horizontalmente
horizontally	negative	horizontalmente
horizontally	positive	horizontalmente
horizontally	sadness	horizontalmente
horizontally	surprise	horizontalmente
horizontally	trust	horizontalmente
saliva	anger	saliva
saliva	anticipation	de saliva
saliva	disgust	de saliva
saliva	fear	de saliva
saliva	joy	saliva
saliva	negative	de saliva
saliva	positive	de saliva
saliva	sadness	de saliva
saliva	surprise	saliva
saliva	trust	de saliva
subdivide	anger	subdivide
subdivide	anticipation	subdivide
subdivide	disgust	subdivide
subdivide	fear	subdivide
subdivide	joy	subdivide
subdivide	negative	subdivide
subdivide	positive	subdivide
subdivide	sadness	subdivide
subdivide	surprise	subdivide
subdivide	trust	subdivide
igneous	anger	igneous
igneous	anticipation	igneous
igneous	disgust	igneous
igneous	fear	igneous
igneous	joy	igneous
igneous	negative	igneous
igneous	positive	igneous
igneous	sadness	igneous
igneous	surprise	igneous
igneous	trust	igneous
tweak	anger	tweak
tweak	anticipation	tweak
tweak	disgust	tweak
tweak	fear	tweak
tweak	joy	tweak
tweak	negative	tweak
tweak	positive	tweak
tweak	sadness	tweak
tweak	surprise	tweak
tweak	trust	tweak
pump	anger	bomba
pump	anticipation	de bomba
pump	disgust	de bomba
pump	fear	de bomba
pump	joy	bomba
pump	negative	de bomba
pump	positive	de bomba
pump	sadness	de bomba
pump	surprise	bomba
pump	trust	de bomba
cobra	anger	cobra
cobra	anticipation	cobra
cobra	disgust	cobra
cobra	fear	cobra
cobra	joy	cobra
cobra	negative	cobra
cobra	positive	cobra
cobra	sadness	cobra
cobra	surprise	cobra
cobra	trust	cobra
almanac	anger	almanaque
almanac	anticipation	de almanaque
almanac	disgust	de almanaque
almanac	fear	de almanaque
almanac	joy	almanaque
almanac	negative	de almanaque
almanac	positive	de almanaque
almanac	sadness	de almanaque
almanac	surprise	gasto
almanac	trust	de gasto
expense	anger	de almanaque
expense	anticipation	de almanaque
expense	disgust	gasto
expense	fear	de gasto
expense	joy	de gasto
expense	negative	de gasto
expense	positive	gasto
expense	sadness	de gasto
expense	surprise	de gasto
expense	trust	de gasto
admissibility	anger	admissibility
admissibility	anticipation	admissibility
admissibility	disgust	admissibility
admissibility	fear	admissibility
admissibility	joy	admissibility
admissibility	negative	admissibility
admissibility	positive	admissibility
admissibility	sadness	admissibility
admissibility	surprise	admissibility
admissibility	trust	admissibility
papal	anger	papal
papal	anticipation	papal
papal	disgust	papal
papal	fear	papal
papal	joy	papal
papal	negative	papal
papal	positive	papal
papal	sadness	papal
papal	surprise	papal
papal	trust	papal
acting	anger	suplente
acting	anticipation	suplente
acting	disgust	suplente
acting	fear	suplente
acting	joy	suplente
acting	negative	suplente
acting	positive	suplente
acting	sadness	suplente
acting	surprise	suplente
acting	trust	suplente
overload	anger	sobrecargar
overload	anticipation	sobrecargar
overload	disgust	sobrecargar
overload	fear	sobrecargar
overload	joy	sobrecargar
overload	negative	sobrecargar
overload	positive	sobrecargar
overload	sadness	sobrecargar
overload	surprise	sobrecargar
overload	trust	sobrecargar
frigate	anger	fragata
frigate	anticipation	de fragata
frigate	disgust	de fragata
frigate	fear	de fragata
frigate	joy	fragata
frigate	negative	de fragata
frigate	positive	de fragata
frigate	sadness	de fragata
frigate	surprise	fragata
frigate	trust	de fragata que
stifling	anger	reprime
stifling	anticipation	reprimiendo
stifling	disgust	reprimiendo
stifling	fear	reprimiendo
stifling	joy	reprimiendo
stifling	negative	reprimiendo
stifling	positive	reprimiendo
stifling	sadness	reprimiendo
stifling	surprise	reprimiendo
stifling	trust	reprimiendo
social	anger	social
social	anticipation	social
social	disgust	social
social	fear	social
social	joy	social
social	negative	social
social	positive	social
social	sadness	social
social	surprise	social
social	trust	social
raise	anger	levantar
raise	anticipation	levantar
raise	disgust	levantar
raise	fear	levantar
raise	joy	levantar
raise	negative	levantar
raise	positive	levantar
raise	sadness	levantar
raise	surprise	levantar
raise	trust	levantar
liar	anger	mentiroso
liar	anticipation	de mentiroso
liar	disgust	de mentiroso
liar	fear	de mentiroso
liar	joy	mentiroso
liar	negative	de mentiroso
liar	positive	de mentiroso
liar	sadness	de mentiroso
liar	surprise	mentiroso
liar	trust	de mentiroso
prolific	anger	prolífico
prolific	anticipation	prolífico
prolific	disgust	prolífico
prolific	fear	prolífico
prolific	joy	prolífico
prolific	negative	prolífico
prolific	positive	prolífico
prolific	sadness	asunto
prolific	surprise	de asunto
prolific	trust	prolífico
affair	anger	prolífico
affair	anticipation	prolífico
affair	disgust	asunto
affair	fear	de asunto
affair	joy	de asunto
affair	negative	de asunto
affair	positive	asunto
affair	sadness	de asunto
affair	surprise	de asunto
affair	trust	de asunto
tread	anger	banda de rodamiento
tread	anticipation	de banda de rodamiento
tread	disgust	de banda de rodamiento
tread	fear	de banda de rodamiento
tread	joy	banda de rodamiento
tread	negative	de banda de rodamiento
tread	positive	de banda de rodamiento
tread	sadness	de banda de rodamiento
tread	surprise	permanencia
tread	trust	de permanencia
permanence	anger	de banda de rodamiento
permanence	anticipation	de banda de rodamiento
permanence	disgust	permanencia
permanence	fear	de permanencia
permanence	joy	de permanencia
permanence	negative	de permanencia
permanence	positive	permanencia
permanence	sadness	de permanencia
permanence	surprise	de permanencia
permanence	trust	de permanencia
engraved	anger	engraved
engraved	anticipation	engraved
engraved	disgust	engraved
engraved	fear	engraved
engraved	joy	engraved
engraved	negative	engraved
engraved	positive	engraved
engraved	sadness	engraved
engraved	surprise	engraved
engraved	trust	engraved
hunter	anger	cazador
hunter	anticipation	de cazador
hunter	disgust	de cazador
hunter	fear	de cazador
hunter	joy	cazador
hunter	negative	de cazador
hunter	positive	de cazador
hunter	sadness	de cazador
hunter	surprise	cazador
hunter	trust	de cazador
wallow	anger	wallow
wallow	anticipation	wallow
wallow	disgust	wallow
wallow	fear	wallow
wallow	joy	wallow
wallow	negative	wallow
wallow	positive	wallow
wallow	sadness	wallow
wallow	surprise	wallow
wallow	trust	wallow
occupying	anger	ocupando
occupying	anticipation	ocupando
occupying	disgust	ocupando
occupying	fear	ocupando
occupying	joy	ocupando
occupying	negative	ocupando
occupying	positive	ocupando
occupying	sadness	ocupando
occupying	surprise	ocupando
occupying	trust	ocupando
domination	anger	dominación
domination	anticipation	de dominación
domination	disgust	de dominación
domination	fear	de dominación
domination	joy	dominación
domination	negative	de dominación
domination	positive	de dominación
domination	sadness	de dominación
domination	surprise	dominación
domination	trust	de dominación
completely	anger	completamente
completely	anticipation	completamente
completely	disgust	completamente
completely	fear	completamente
completely	joy	completamente
completely	negative	completamente
completely	positive	completamente
completely	sadness	completamente
completely	surprise	completamente
completely	trust	completamente
lurch	anger	lurch
lurch	anticipation	lurch
lurch	disgust	lurch
lurch	fear	lurch
lurch	joy	lurch
lurch	negative	lurch
lurch	positive	lurch
lurch	sadness	lurch
lurch	surprise	lurch
lurch	trust	lurch
cooperating	anger	cooperando
cooperating	anticipation	cooperando
cooperating	disgust	cooperando
cooperating	fear	cooperando
cooperating	joy	cooperando
cooperating	negative	cooperando
cooperating	positive	cooperando
cooperating	sadness	cooperando
cooperating	surprise	cooperando
cooperating	trust	cooperando
kennel	anger	perrera
kennel	anticipation	de perrera
kennel	disgust	de perrera
kennel	fear	de perrera
kennel	joy	perrera
kennel	negative	de perrera
kennel	positive	de perrera
kennel	sadness	de perrera
kennel	surprise	perrera
kennel	trust	de perrera
scintillation	anger	scintillation
scintillation	anticipation	scintillation
scintillation	disgust	scintillation
scintillation	fear	scintillation
scintillation	joy	scintillation
scintillation	negative	scintillation
scintillation	positive	scintillation
scintillation	sadness	scintillation
scintillation	surprise	scintillation
scintillation	trust	scintillation
acid	anger	ácido
acid	anticipation	de ácido
acid	disgust	de ácido
acid	fear	de ácido
acid	joy	ácido
acid	negative	de ácido
acid	positive	de ácido
acid	sadness	de ácido
acid	surprise	ácido
acid	trust	de ácido
short	anger	corto
short	anticipation	corto
short	disgust	corto
short	fear	corto
short	joy	corto
short	negative	corto
short	positive	corto
short	sadness	corto
short	surprise	corto
short	trust	corto
elevate	anger	elevar
elevate	anticipation	elevar
elevate	disgust	elevar
elevate	fear	elevar
elevate	joy	elevar
elevate	negative	elevar
elevate	positive	elevar
elevate	sadness	elevar
elevate	surprise	elevar
elevate	trust	elevar
utmost	anger	sumo
utmost	anticipation	sumo
utmost	disgust	sumo
utmost	fear	sumo
utmost	joy	sumo
utmost	negative	sumo
utmost	positive	sumo
utmost	sadness	reajuste
utmost	surprise	de reajuste
utmost	trust	sumo
readjustment	anger	sumo
readjustment	anticipation	sumo
readjustment	disgust	reajuste
readjustment	fear	de reajuste
readjustment	joy	de reajuste
readjustment	negative	de reajuste
readjustment	positive	reajuste
readjustment	sadness	de reajuste
readjustment	surprise	de reajuste
readjustment	trust	de reajuste
starboard	anger	starboard
starboard	anticipation	starboard
starboard	disgust	starboard
starboard	fear	starboard
starboard	joy	starboard
starboard	negative	starboard
starboard	positive	starboard
starboard	sadness	starboard
starboard	surprise	starboard
starboard	trust	starboard
freshman	anger	freshman
freshman	anticipation	freshman
freshman	disgust	freshman
freshman	fear	freshman
freshman	joy	freshman
freshman	negative	freshman
freshman	positive	freshman
freshman	sadness	freshman
freshman	surprise	freshman
freshman	trust	freshman
conqueror	anger	conqueror
conqueror	anticipation	conqueror
conqueror	disgust	conqueror
conqueror	fear	conqueror
conqueror	joy	conqueror
conqueror	negative	conqueror
conqueror	positive	conqueror
conqueror	sadness	conqueror
conqueror	surprise	conqueror
conqueror	trust	conqueror
subatomic	anger	subatómico
subatomic	anticipation	subatómico
subatomic	disgust	subatómico
subatomic	fear	subatómico
subatomic	joy	subatómico
subatomic	negative	subatómico
subatomic	positive	subatómico
subatomic	sadness	subatómico
subatomic	surprise	subatómico
subatomic	trust	subatómico
promulgate	anger	promulgate
promulgate	anticipation	promulgate
promulgate	disgust	promulgate
promulgate	fear	promulgate
promulgate	joy	promulgate
promulgate	negative	promulgate
promulgate	positive	promulgate
promulgate	sadness	promulgate
promulgate	surprise	promulgate
promulgate	trust	promulgate
totem	anger	tótem
totem	anticipation	de tótem
totem	disgust	de tótem
totem	fear	de tótem
totem	joy	tótem
totem	negative	de tótem
totem	positive	de tótem
totem	sadness	de tótem
totem	surprise	primates
totem	trust	de primates
primates	anger	de tótem
primates	anticipation	de tótem
primates	disgust	primates
primates	fear	de primates
primates	joy	de primates
primates	negative	de primates
primates	positive	primates
primates	sadness	de primates
primates	surprise	de primates
primates	trust	de primates
genuine	anger	genuinos
genuine	anticipation	genuinos
genuine	disgust	genuinos
genuine	fear	genuinos
genuine	joy	genuinos
genuine	negative	genuinos
genuine	positive	genuinos
genuine	sadness	genuinos
genuine	surprise	genuinos
genuine	trust	genuinos
firmly	anger	firmemente
firmly	anticipation	firmemente
firmly	disgust	firmemente
firmly	fear	firmemente
firmly	joy	firmemente
firmly	negative	firmemente
firmly	positive	firmemente
firmly	sadness	firmemente
firmly	surprise	firmemente
firmly	trust	firmemente
unorganized	anger	unorganized
unorganized	anticipation	unorganized
unorganized	disgust	unorganized
unorganized	fear	unorganized
unorganized	joy	unorganized
unorganized	negative	unorganized
unorganized	positive	unorganized
unorganized	sadness	unorganized
unorganized	surprise	unorganized
unorganized	trust	unorganized
defamatory	anger	defamatory
defamatory	anticipation	defamatory
defamatory	disgust	defamatory
defamatory	fear	defamatory
defamatory	joy	defamatory
defamatory	negative	defamatory
defamatory	positive	defamatory
defamatory	sadness	defamatory
defamatory	surprise	defamatory
defamatory	trust	defamatory
trustee	anger	trustee
trustee	anticipation	trustee
trustee	disgust	trustee
trustee	fear	trustee
trustee	joy	trustee
trustee	negative	trustee
trustee	positive	trustee
trustee	sadness	trustee
trustee	surprise	trustee
trustee	trust	trustee
paddy	anger	arrozal
paddy	anticipation	de arrozal
paddy	disgust	de arrozal
paddy	fear	de arrozal
paddy	joy	arrozal
paddy	negative	de arrozal
paddy	positive	de arrozal
paddy	sadness	de arrozal
paddy	surprise	arrozal
paddy	trust	de arrozal
victor	anger	victor
victor	anticipation	victor
victor	disgust	victor
victor	fear	victor
victor	joy	victor
victor	negative	victor
victor	positive	victor
victor	sadness	victor
victor	surprise	victor
victor	trust	victor
alkaloids	anger	alcaloides
alkaloids	anticipation	de alcaloides
alkaloids	disgust	de alcaloides
alkaloids	fear	de alcaloides
alkaloids	joy	alcaloides
alkaloids	negative	de alcaloides
alkaloids	positive	de alcaloides
alkaloids	sadness	de alcaloides
alkaloids	surprise	fideo
alkaloids	trust	de fideo
noodle	anger	de alcaloides
noodle	anticipation	de alcaloides
noodle	disgust	fideo
noodle	fear	de fideo
noodle	joy	de fideo
noodle	negative	de fideo
noodle	positive	fideo
noodle	sadness	de fideo
noodle	surprise	de fideo
noodle	trust	de fideo
imprisoned	anger	encarceló
imprisoned	anticipation	encarcelado
imprisoned	disgust	encarceló
imprisoned	fear	encarcelado
imprisoned	joy	encarceló
imprisoned	negative	encarcelado
imprisoned	positive	encarceló
imprisoned	sadness	encarcelado
imprisoned	surprise	encarceló
imprisoned	trust	anuncio
announcement	anger	de anuncio
announcement	anticipation	de anuncio
announcement	disgust	encarcelado
announcement	fear	anuncio
announcement	joy	de anuncio
announcement	negative	de anuncio
announcement	positive	de anuncio
announcement	sadness	anuncio
announcement	surprise	de anuncio
announcement	trust	del anuncio
convertible	anger	convertible
convertible	anticipation	convertible
convertible	disgust	convertible
convertible	fear	convertible
convertible	joy	convertible
convertible	negative	convertible
convertible	positive	convertible
convertible	sadness	convertible
convertible	surprise	convertible
convertible	trust	convertible
concentric	anger	concéntrico
concentric	anticipation	concéntrico
concentric	disgust	concéntrico
concentric	fear	concéntrico
concentric	joy	concéntrico
concentric	negative	concéntrico
concentric	positive	concéntrico
concentric	sadness	gaceta
concentric	surprise	de gaceta
concentric	trust	concéntrica
gazette	anger	concéntrica
gazette	anticipation	concéntrica
gazette	disgust	gaceta
gazette	fear	de gaceta
gazette	joy	de gaceta
gazette	negative	de gaceta
gazette	positive	gaceta
gazette	sadness	de gaceta
gazette	surprise	de gaceta
gazette	trust	de gaceta
insert	anger	inserta
insert	anticipation	insertar
insert	disgust	insertar
insert	fear	insertar
insert	joy	insertar
insert	negative	insertar
insert	positive	insertar
insert	sadness	insertar
insert	surprise	insertar
insert	trust	insertar
agile	anger	ágil
agile	anticipation	ágil
agile	disgust	ágil
agile	fear	ágil
agile	joy	ágil
agile	negative	ágil
agile	positive	ágil
agile	sadness	ingestión
agile	surprise	de ingestión
agile	trust	ágil
ingestion	anger	ágil
ingestion	anticipation	ágil
ingestion	disgust	ingestión
ingestion	fear	de ingestión
ingestion	joy	de ingestión
ingestion	negative	de ingestión
ingestion	positive	ingestión
ingestion	sadness	de ingestión
ingestion	surprise	de ingestión
ingestion	trust	de ingestión
remembrance	anger	remembrance
remembrance	anticipation	remembrance
remembrance	disgust	remembrance
remembrance	fear	remembrance
remembrance	joy	remembrance
remembrance	negative	remembrance
remembrance	positive	remembrance
remembrance	sadness	remembrance
remembrance	surprise	remembrance
remembrance	trust	remembrance
encode	anger	codificar
encode	anticipation	codificar
encode	disgust	codificar
encode	fear	codificar
encode	joy	codificar
encode	negative	codificar
encode	positive	codificar
encode	sadness	codificar
encode	surprise	codificar
encode	trust	codificar
knead	anger	amasar
knead	anticipation	amasar
knead	disgust	amasar
knead	fear	amasar
knead	joy	amasar
knead	negative	amasar
knead	positive	amasar
knead	sadness	amasar
knead	surprise	amasar
knead	trust	amasar
increment	anger	increment
increment	anticipation	increment
increment	disgust	increment
increment	fear	increment
increment	joy	increment
increment	negative	increment
increment	positive	increment
increment	sadness	increment
increment	surprise	increment
increment	trust	increment
procreation	anger	procreación
procreation	anticipation	de procreación
procreation	disgust	de procreación
procreation	fear	de procreación
procreation	joy	procreación
procreation	negative	de procreación
procreation	positive	de procreación
procreation	sadness	de procreación
procreation	surprise	procreación
procreation	trust	de procreación
moderately	anger	moderadamente
moderately	anticipation	moderadamente
moderately	disgust	moderadamente
moderately	fear	moderadamente
moderately	joy	moderadamente
moderately	negative	moderadamente
moderately	positive	moderadamente
moderately	sadness	moderadamente
moderately	surprise	moderadamente
moderately	trust	moderadamente
unloaded	anger	descargó
unloaded	anticipation	descargado
unloaded	disgust	descargó
unloaded	fear	descargado
unloaded	joy	descargó
unloaded	negative	descargado
unloaded	positive	descargó
unloaded	sadness	descargado
unloaded	surprise	descargó
unloaded	trust	descargado
concealment	anger	concealment
concealment	anticipation	concealment
concealment	disgust	concealment
concealment	fear	concealment
concealment	joy	concealment
concealment	negative	concealment
concealment	positive	concealment
concealment	sadness	concealment
concealment	surprise	concealment
concealment	trust	concealment
kiln	anger	kiln
kiln	anticipation	kiln
kiln	disgust	kiln
kiln	fear	kiln
kiln	joy	kiln
kiln	negative	kiln
kiln	positive	kiln
kiln	sadness	kiln
kiln	surprise	kiln
kiln	trust	kiln
door	anger	puerta
door	anticipation	de puerta
door	disgust	de puerta
door	fear	de puerta
door	joy	puerta
door	negative	de puerta
door	positive	de puerta
door	sadness	de puerta
door	surprise	puerta
door	trust	de puerta
snore	anger	snore
snore	anticipation	snore
snore	disgust	snore
snore	fear	snore
snore	joy	snore
snore	negative	snore
snore	positive	snore
snore	sadness	snore
snore	surprise	snore
snore	trust	snore
sleeping	anger	durmiendo
sleeping	anticipation	durmiendo
sleeping	disgust	durmiendo
sleeping	fear	durmiendo
sleeping	joy	durmiendo
sleeping	negative	durmiendo
sleeping	positive	durmiendo
sleeping	sadness	durmiendo
sleeping	surprise	durmiendo
sleeping	trust	durmiendo
learn	anger	aprende
learn	anticipation	aprender
learn	disgust	aprender
learn	fear	aprender
learn	joy	aprender
learn	negative	aprender
learn	positive	aprender
learn	sadness	aprender
learn	surprise	aprender
learn	trust	aprender
buried	anger	enterrado
buried	anticipation	enterró
buried	disgust	enterrado
buried	fear	enterró
buried	joy	enterrado
buried	negative	enterró
buried	positive	enterrado
buried	sadness	enterró
buried	surprise	enterró
buried	trust	enterrado
retake	anger	retake
retake	anticipation	retake
retake	disgust	retake
retake	fear	retake
retake	joy	retake
retake	negative	retake
retake	positive	retake
retake	sadness	retake
retake	surprise	retake
retake	trust	retake
courtesy	anger	cortesía
courtesy	anticipation	de cortesía
courtesy	disgust	de cortesía
courtesy	fear	de cortesía
courtesy	joy	cortesía
courtesy	negative	de cortesía
courtesy	positive	de cortesía
courtesy	sadness	de cortesía
courtesy	surprise	cortesía
courtesy	trust	de cortesía
vertigo	anger	vertigo
vertigo	anticipation	vertigo
vertigo	disgust	vertigo
vertigo	fear	vertigo
vertigo	joy	vertigo
vertigo	negative	vertigo
vertigo	positive	vertigo
vertigo	sadness	vertigo
vertigo	surprise	vertigo
vertigo	trust	vertigo
involvement	anger	implicación
involvement	anticipation	de implicación
involvement	disgust	de implicación
involvement	fear	de implicación
involvement	joy	implicación
involvement	negative	de implicación
involvement	positive	de implicación
involvement	sadness	de implicación
involvement	surprise	detergente
involvement	trust	de detergente
detergent	anger	de implicación
detergent	anticipation	de implicación
detergent	disgust	detergente
detergent	fear	de detergente
detergent	joy	de detergente
detergent	negative	de detergente
detergent	positive	detergente
detergent	sadness	de detergente
detergent	surprise	de detergente
detergent	trust	de detergente
resonate	anger	resonate
resonate	anticipation	resonate
resonate	disgust	resonate
resonate	fear	resonate
resonate	joy	resonate
resonate	negative	resonate
resonate	positive	resonate
resonate	sadness	resonate
resonate	surprise	resonate
resonate	trust	resonate
requisition	anger	requisar
requisition	anticipation	requisar
requisition	disgust	requisar
requisition	fear	requisar
requisition	joy	requisar
requisition	negative	requisar
requisition	positive	requisar
requisition	sadness	requisar
requisition	surprise	requisar
requisition	trust	requisar
hew	anger	hew
hew	anticipation	hew
hew	disgust	hew
hew	fear	hew
hew	joy	hew
hew	negative	hew
hew	positive	hew
hew	sadness	hew
hew	surprise	hew
hew	trust	hew
trending	anger	trending
trending	anticipation	trending
trending	disgust	trending
trending	fear	trending
trending	joy	trending
trending	negative	trending
trending	positive	trending
trending	sadness	trending
trending	surprise	trending
trending	trust	trending
porno	anger	porno
porno	anticipation	porno
porno	disgust	porno
porno	fear	porno
porno	joy	porno
porno	negative	porno
porno	positive	porno
porno	sadness	porno
porno	surprise	porno
porno	trust	porno
nodular	anger	nodular
nodular	anticipation	nodular
nodular	disgust	nodular
nodular	fear	nodular
nodular	joy	nodular
nodular	negative	nodular
nodular	positive	nodular
nodular	sadness	nodular
nodular	surprise	nodular
nodular	trust	nodular
investigation	anger	investigación
investigation	anticipation	de investigación
investigation	disgust	de investigación
investigation	fear	de investigación
investigation	joy	investigación
investigation	negative	de investigación
investigation	positive	de investigación
investigation	sadness	de investigación
investigation	surprise	transparencia
investigation	trust	de transparencia
transparency	anger	de investigación
transparency	anticipation	de investigación
transparency	disgust	transparencia
transparency	fear	de transparencia
transparency	joy	de transparencia
transparency	negative	de transparencia
transparency	positive	transparencia
transparency	sadness	de transparencia
transparency	surprise	de transparencia
transparency	trust	de transparencia
profess	anger	profess
profess	anticipation	profess
profess	disgust	profess
profess	fear	profess
profess	joy	profess
profess	negative	profess
profess	positive	profess
profess	sadness	profess
profess	surprise	profess
profess	trust	profess
foolishness	anger	tontería
foolishness	anticipation	de tontería
foolishness	disgust	de tontería
foolishness	fear	de tontería
foolishness	joy	tontería
foolishness	negative	de tontería
foolishness	positive	de tontería
foolishness	sadness	de tontería
foolishness	surprise	tontería
foolishness	trust	de tontería que
naming	anger	nombra
naming	anticipation	nombrando
naming	disgust	nombrando
naming	fear	nombrando
naming	joy	nombrando
naming	negative	nombrando
naming	positive	nombrando
naming	sadness	nombrando
naming	surprise	nombrando
naming	trust	nombrando
leopard	anger	leopardo
leopard	anticipation	de leopardo
leopard	disgust	de leopardo
leopard	fear	de leopardo
leopard	joy	leopardo
leopard	negative	de leopardo
leopard	positive	de leopardo
leopard	sadness	de leopardo
leopard	surprise	leopardo
leopard	trust	de leopardo
taboo	anger	taboo
taboo	anticipation	taboo
taboo	disgust	taboo
taboo	fear	taboo
taboo	joy	taboo
taboo	negative	taboo
taboo	positive	taboo
taboo	sadness	taboo
taboo	surprise	taboo
taboo	trust	taboo
cavalry	anger	caballería
cavalry	anticipation	de caballería
cavalry	disgust	de caballería
cavalry	fear	de caballería
cavalry	joy	caballería
cavalry	negative	de caballería
cavalry	positive	de caballería
cavalry	sadness	de caballería
cavalry	surprise	ligamento de la corva
cavalry	trust	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	anger	de caballería
hamstring	anticipation	de caballería
hamstring	disgust	ligamento de la corva
hamstring	fear	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	joy	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	negative	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	positive	ligamento de la corva
hamstring	sadness	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	surprise	de ligamento de la corva
hamstring	trust	de ligamento de la corva
revolutionary	anger	revolucionario
revolutionary	anticipation	revolucionario
revolutionary	disgust	revolucionario
revolutionary	fear	revolucionario
revolutionary	joy	revolucionario
revolutionary	negative	revolucionario
revolutionary	positive	revolucionario
revolutionary	sadness	revolucionario
revolutionary	surprise	revolucionario
revolutionary	trust	revolucionario
stately	anger	stately
stately	anticipation	stately
stately	disgust	stately
stately	fear	stately
stately	joy	stately
stately	negative	stately
stately	positive	stately
stately	sadness	stately
stately	surprise	stately
stately	trust	stately
correction	anger	corrección
correction	anticipation	de corrección
correction	disgust	de corrección
correction	fear	de corrección
correction	joy	corrección
correction	negative	de corrección
correction	positive	de corrección
correction	sadness	de corrección
correction	surprise	lirio
correction	trust	de lirio
lily	anger	de corrección
lily	anticipation	de corrección
lily	disgust	lirio
lily	fear	de lirio
lily	joy	de lirio
lily	negative	de lirio
lily	positive	lirio
lily	sadness	de lirio
lily	surprise	de lirio
lily	trust	de lirio
skip	anger	skip
skip	anticipation	skip
skip	disgust	skip
skip	fear	skip
skip	joy	skip
skip	negative	skip
skip	positive	skip
skip	sadness	skip
skip	surprise	skip
skip	trust	skip
conscription	anger	conscription
conscription	anticipation	conscription
conscription	disgust	conscription
conscription	fear	conscription
conscription	joy	conscription
conscription	negative	conscription
conscription	positive	conscription
conscription	sadness	conscription
conscription	surprise	conscription
conscription	trust	conscription
blasphemy	anger	blasfemia
blasphemy	anticipation	de blasfemia
blasphemy	disgust	de blasfemia
blasphemy	fear	de blasfemia
blasphemy	joy	blasfemia
blasphemy	negative	de blasfemia
blasphemy	positive	de blasfemia
blasphemy	sadness	de blasfemia
blasphemy	surprise	blasfemia
blasphemy	trust	de blasfemia
manifest	anger	manifiesta
manifest	anticipation	manifestar
manifest	disgust	manifestar
manifest	fear	manifestar
manifest	joy	manifestar
manifest	negative	manifestar
manifest	positive	manifestar
manifest	sadness	manifestar
manifest	surprise	manifestar
manifest	trust	manifestar
caterer	anger	caterer
caterer	anticipation	caterer
caterer	disgust	caterer
caterer	fear	caterer
caterer	joy	caterer
caterer	negative	caterer
caterer	positive	caterer
caterer	sadness	caterer
caterer	surprise	caterer
caterer	trust	caterer
loyal	anger	leal
loyal	anticipation	leal
loyal	disgust	leal
loyal	fear	leal
loyal	joy	leal
loyal	negative	leal
loyal	positive	leal
loyal	sadness	leal
loyal	surprise	leal
loyal	trust	leal
twill	anger	twill
twill	anticipation	twill
twill	disgust	twill
twill	fear	twill
twill	joy	twill
twill	negative	twill
twill	positive	twill
twill	sadness	twill
twill	surprise	twill
twill	trust	twill
monogram	anger	monograma
monogram	anticipation	de monograma
monogram	disgust	de monograma
monogram	fear	de monograma
monogram	joy	monograma
monogram	negative	de monograma
monogram	positive	de monograma
monogram	sadness	de monograma
monogram	surprise	filosofía
monogram	trust	de filosofía
philosophy	anger	de monograma
philosophy	anticipation	de monograma
philosophy	disgust	filosofía
philosophy	fear	de filosofía
philosophy	joy	de filosofía
philosophy	negative	de filosofía
philosophy	positive	filosofía
philosophy	sadness	de filosofía
philosophy	surprise	de filosofía
philosophy	trust	de filosofía
consolidate	anger	consolida
consolidate	anticipation	consolidar
consolidate	disgust	consolidar
consolidate	fear	consolidar
consolidate	joy	consolidar
consolidate	negative	consolidar
consolidate	positive	consolidar
consolidate	sadness	consolidar
consolidate	surprise	consolidar
consolidate	trust	consolidar
substitute	anger	sustituto
substitute	anticipation	de sustituto
substitute	disgust	de sustituto
substitute	fear	de sustituto
substitute	joy	sustituto
substitute	negative	de sustituto
substitute	positive	de sustituto
substitute	sadness	de sustituto
substitute	surprise	llovizna
substitute	trust	de llovizna
drizzle	anger	de sustituto
drizzle	anticipation	de sustituto
drizzle	disgust	llovizna
drizzle	fear	de llovizna
drizzle	joy	de llovizna
drizzle	negative	de llovizna
drizzle	positive	llovizna
drizzle	sadness	de llovizna
drizzle	surprise	de llovizna
drizzle	trust	de llovizna
bout	anger	bout
bout	anticipation	bout
bout	disgust	bout
bout	fear	bout
bout	joy	bout
bout	negative	bout
bout	positive	bout
bout	sadness	bout
bout	surprise	bout
bout	trust	bout
foliage	anger	follaje
foliage	anticipation	de follaje
foliage	disgust	de follaje
foliage	fear	de follaje
foliage	joy	follaje
foliage	negative	de follaje
foliage	positive	de follaje
foliage	sadness	de follaje
foliage	surprise	requisito
foliage	trust	de requisito
requirement	anger	de follaje
requirement	anticipation	de follaje
requirement	disgust	requisito
requirement	fear	de requisito
requirement	joy	de requisito
requirement	negative	de requisito
requirement	positive	requisito
requirement	sadness	de requisito
requirement	surprise	de requisito
requirement	trust	de requisito
protrusion	anger	protrusión
protrusion	anticipation	de protrusión
protrusion	disgust	de protrusión
protrusion	fear	de protrusión
protrusion	joy	protrusión
protrusion	negative	de protrusión
protrusion	positive	de protrusión
protrusion	sadness	de protrusión
protrusion	surprise	sobrino
protrusion	trust	de sobrino
nephew	anger	de protrusión
nephew	anticipation	de protrusión
nephew	disgust	sobrino
nephew	fear	de sobrino
nephew	joy	de sobrino
nephew	negative	de sobrino
nephew	positive	sobrino
nephew	sadness	de sobrino
nephew	surprise	de sobrino
nephew	trust	de sobrino
retort	anger	réplica
retort	anticipation	de réplica
retort	disgust	de réplica
retort	fear	de réplica
retort	joy	réplica
retort	negative	de réplica
retort	positive	de réplica
retort	sadness	de réplica
retort	surprise	paseo
retort	trust	de paseo
ride	anger	de réplica
ride	anticipation	de réplica
ride	disgust	paseo
ride	fear	de paseo
ride	joy	de paseo
ride	negative	de paseo
ride	positive	paseo
ride	sadness	de paseo
ride	surprise	de paseo
ride	trust	de paseo
candied	anger	candied
candied	anticipation	candied
candied	disgust	candied
candied	fear	candied
candied	joy	candied
candied	negative	candied
candied	positive	candied
candied	sadness	candied
candied	surprise	candied
candied	trust	candied
perpetually	anger	perpetuamente
perpetually	anticipation	perpetuamente
perpetually	disgust	perpetuamente
perpetually	fear	perpetuamente
perpetually	joy	perpetuamente
perpetually	negative	perpetuamente
perpetually	positive	perpetuamente
perpetually	sadness	perpetuamente
perpetually	surprise	perpetuamente
perpetually	trust	perpetuamente
valve	anger	válvula
valve	anticipation	de válvula
valve	disgust	de válvula
valve	fear	de válvula
valve	joy	válvula
valve	negative	de válvula
valve	positive	de válvula
valve	sadness	de válvula
valve	surprise	editor
valve	trust	de editor
publisher	anger	de válvula
publisher	anticipation	de válvula
publisher	disgust	editor
publisher	fear	de editor
publisher	joy	de editor
publisher	negative	de editor
publisher	positive	editor
publisher	sadness	de editor
publisher	surprise	de editor
publisher	trust	de editor
sewer	anger	sewer
sewer	anticipation	sewer
sewer	disgust	sewer
sewer	fear	sewer
sewer	joy	sewer
sewer	negative	sewer
sewer	positive	sewer
sewer	sadness	sewer
sewer	surprise	sewer
sewer	trust	sewer
endpoint	anger	endpoint
endpoint	anticipation	endpoint
endpoint	disgust	endpoint
endpoint	fear	endpoint
endpoint	joy	endpoint
endpoint	negative	endpoint
endpoint	positive	endpoint
endpoint	sadness	endpoint
endpoint	surprise	endpoint
endpoint	trust	endpoint
loosen	anger	loosen
loosen	anticipation	loosen
loosen	disgust	loosen
loosen	fear	loosen
loosen	joy	loosen
loosen	negative	loosen
loosen	positive	loosen
loosen	sadness	loosen
loosen	surprise	loosen
loosen	trust	loosen
hooker	anger	hooker
hooker	anticipation	hooker
hooker	disgust	hooker
hooker	fear	hooker
hooker	joy	hooker
hooker	negative	hooker
hooker	positive	hooker
hooker	sadness	hooker
hooker	surprise	hooker
hooker	trust	hooker
nepotism	anger	nepotismo
nepotism	anticipation	de nepotismo
nepotism	disgust	de nepotismo
nepotism	fear	de nepotismo
nepotism	joy	nepotismo
nepotism	negative	de nepotismo
nepotism	positive	de nepotismo
nepotism	sadness	de nepotismo
nepotism	surprise	nepotismo
nepotism	trust	de nepotismo
bewilderment	anger	bewilderment
bewilderment	anticipation	bewilderment
bewilderment	disgust	bewilderment
bewilderment	fear	bewilderment
bewilderment	joy	bewilderment
bewilderment	negative	bewilderment
bewilderment	positive	bewilderment
bewilderment	sadness	bewilderment
bewilderment	surprise	bewilderment
bewilderment	trust	bewilderment
head	anger	cabeza
head	anticipation	de cabeza
head	disgust	de cabeza
head	fear	de cabeza
head	joy	cabeza
head	negative	de cabeza
head	positive	de cabeza
head	sadness	de cabeza
head	surprise	cabeza
head	trust	de cabeza que
intending	anger	pretende
intending	anticipation	pretendiendo
intending	disgust	pretendiendo
intending	fear	pretendiendo
intending	joy	pretendiendo
intending	negative	pretendiendo
intending	positive	pretendiendo
intending	sadness	pretendiendo
intending	surprise	pretendiendo
intending	trust	pretendiendo
fission	anger	fisión
fission	anticipation	de fisión
fission	disgust	de fisión
fission	fear	de fisión
fission	joy	fisión
fission	negative	de fisión
fission	positive	de fisión
fission	sadness	de fisión
fission	surprise	fisión
fission	trust	de fisión
nanometer	anger	nanometer
nanometer	anticipation	nanometer
nanometer	disgust	nanometer
nanometer	fear	nanometer
nanometer	joy	nanometer
nanometer	negative	nanometer
nanometer	positive	nanometer
nanometer	sadness	nanometer
nanometer	surprise	nanometer
nanometer	trust	nanometer
mart	anger	mart
mart	anticipation	mart
mart	disgust	mart
mart	fear	mart
mart	joy	mart
mart	negative	mart
mart	positive	mart
mart	sadness	mart
mart	surprise	mart
mart	trust	mart
sin	anger	pecado
sin	anticipation	de pecado
sin	disgust	de pecado
sin	fear	de pecado
sin	joy	pecado
sin	negative	de pecado
sin	positive	de pecado
sin	sadness	de pecado
sin	surprise	quemadura
sin	trust	de quemadura
burn	anger	de pecado
burn	anticipation	de pecado
burn	disgust	quemadura
burn	fear	de quemadura
burn	joy	de quemadura
burn	negative	de quemadura
burn	positive	quemadura
burn	sadness	de quemadura
burn	surprise	de quemadura
burn	trust	de quemadura
delight	anger	delicia
delight	anticipation	de delicia
delight	disgust	de delicia
delight	fear	de delicia
delight	joy	delicia
delight	negative	de delicia
delight	positive	de delicia
delight	sadness	de delicia
delight	surprise	delicia
delight	trust	de delicia
docked	anger	docked
docked	anticipation	docked
docked	disgust	docked
docked	fear	docked
docked	joy	docked
docked	negative	docked
docked	positive	docked
docked	sadness	docked
docked	surprise	docked
docked	trust	docked
blessing	anger	bendición
blessing	anticipation	de bendición
blessing	disgust	de bendición
blessing	fear	de bendición
blessing	joy	bendición
blessing	negative	de bendición
blessing	positive	de bendición
blessing	sadness	de bendición
blessing	surprise	la bendición que
blessing	trust	bendice
piston	anger	piston
piston	anticipation	piston
piston	disgust	piston
piston	fear	piston
piston	joy	piston
piston	negative	piston
piston	positive	piston
piston	sadness	piston
piston	surprise	piston
piston	trust	piston
weighty	anger	weighty
weighty	anticipation	weighty
weighty	disgust	weighty
weighty	fear	weighty
weighty	joy	weighty
weighty	negative	weighty
weighty	positive	weighty
weighty	sadness	weighty
weighty	surprise	weighty
weighty	trust	weighty
doodle	anger	doodle
doodle	anticipation	doodle
doodle	disgust	doodle
doodle	fear	doodle
doodle	joy	doodle
doodle	negative	doodle
doodle	positive	doodle
doodle	sadness	doodle
doodle	surprise	doodle
doodle	trust	doodle
gazelle	anger	gacela
gazelle	anticipation	de gacela
gazelle	disgust	de gacela
gazelle	fear	de gacela
gazelle	joy	gacela
gazelle	negative	de gacela
gazelle	positive	de gacela
gazelle	sadness	de gacela
gazelle	surprise	codicia
gazelle	trust	de codicia
greed	anger	de gacela
greed	anticipation	de gacela
greed	disgust	codicia
greed	fear	de codicia
greed	joy	de codicia
greed	negative	de codicia
greed	positive	codicia
greed	sadness	de codicia
greed	surprise	de codicia
greed	trust	de codicia
noted	anger	notó
noted	anticipation	notada
noted	disgust	notó
noted	fear	notado
noted	joy	notó
noted	negative	notado
noted	positive	notó
noted	sadness	notado
noted	surprise	notó
noted	trust	notado
dairy	anger	lácteo
dairy	anticipation	lácteo
dairy	disgust	lácteo
dairy	fear	lácteo
dairy	joy	lácteo
dairy	negative	lácteo
dairy	positive	lácteo
dairy	sadness	lácteo
dairy	surprise	lácteo
dairy	trust	lácteo
bedding	anger	empotrando
bedding	anticipation	empotrando
bedding	disgust	empotrando
bedding	fear	empotrando
bedding	joy	empotrando
bedding	negative	empotrando
bedding	positive	empotrando
bedding	sadness	empotrando
bedding	surprise	empotrando
bedding	trust	empotrando
sweets	anger	golosinas
sweets	anticipation	de golosinas
sweets	disgust	de golosinas
sweets	fear	de golosinas
sweets	joy	golosinas
sweets	negative	de golosinas
sweets	positive	de golosinas
sweets	sadness	de golosinas
sweets	surprise	golosinas
sweets	trust	de golosinas
grandiose	anger	grandiose
grandiose	anticipation	grandiose
grandiose	disgust	grandiose
grandiose	fear	grandiose
grandiose	joy	grandiose
grandiose	negative	grandiose
grandiose	positive	grandiose
grandiose	sadness	grandiose
grandiose	surprise	grandiose
grandiose	trust	grandiose
islet	anger	islet
islet	anticipation	islet
islet	disgust	islet
islet	fear	islet
islet	joy	islet
islet	negative	islet
islet	positive	islet
islet	sadness	islet
islet	surprise	islet
islet	trust	islet
hexagon	anger	hexágono
hexagon	anticipation	de hexágono
hexagon	disgust	de hexágono
hexagon	fear	de hexágono
hexagon	joy	hexágono
hexagon	negative	de hexágono
hexagon	positive	de hexágono
hexagon	sadness	de hexágono
hexagon	surprise	inmediatez
hexagon	trust	de inmediatez
immediacy	anger	de hexágono
immediacy	anticipation	de hexágono
immediacy	disgust	inmediatez
immediacy	fear	de inmediatez
immediacy	joy	de inmediatez
immediacy	negative	de inmediatez
immediacy	positive	inmediatez
immediacy	sadness	de inmediatez
immediacy	surprise	de inmediatez
immediacy	trust	de inmediatez
unsuitable	anger	inadecuada
unsuitable	anticipation	inadecuado
unsuitable	disgust	inadecuado
unsuitable	fear	inadecuado
unsuitable	joy	inadecuado
unsuitable	negative	inadecuado
unsuitable	positive	inadecuado
unsuitable	sadness	inadecuado
unsuitable	surprise	inadecuado
unsuitable	trust	inadecuado
defiance	anger	defiance
defiance	anticipation	defiance
defiance	disgust	defiance
defiance	fear	defiance
defiance	joy	defiance
defiance	negative	defiance
defiance	positive	defiance
defiance	sadness	defiance
defiance	surprise	defiance
defiance	trust	defiance
thirst	anger	sed
thirst	anticipation	de sed
thirst	disgust	de sed
thirst	fear	de sed
thirst	joy	sed
thirst	negative	de sed
thirst	positive	de sed
thirst	sadness	de sed
thirst	surprise	residencia
thirst	trust	de residencia
residence	anger	de sed
residence	anticipation	de sed
residence	disgust	residencia
residence	fear	de residencia
residence	joy	de residencia
residence	negative	de residencia
residence	positive	residencia
residence	sadness	de residencia
residence	surprise	de residencia
residence	trust	de residencia
granted	anger	concedió
granted	anticipation	concedida
granted	disgust	concedió
granted	fear	concedido
granted	joy	concedió
granted	negative	concedido
granted	positive	concedió
granted	sadness	concedido
granted	surprise	concedió
granted	trust	concedido
lawlessness	anger	lawlessness
lawlessness	anticipation	lawlessness
lawlessness	disgust	lawlessness
lawlessness	fear	lawlessness
lawlessness	joy	lawlessness
lawlessness	negative	lawlessness
lawlessness	positive	lawlessness
lawlessness	sadness	lawlessness
lawlessness	surprise	lawlessness
lawlessness	trust	lawlessness
shop	anger	tienda
shop	anticipation	de tienda
shop	disgust	de tienda
shop	fear	de tienda
shop	joy	tienda
shop	negative	de tienda
shop	positive	de tienda
shop	sadness	de tienda
shop	surprise	tienda
shop	trust	de tienda
immune	anger	inmune
immune	anticipation	inmune
immune	disgust	inmune
immune	fear	inmune
immune	joy	inmune
immune	negative	inmune
immune	positive	inmune
immune	sadness	inmune
immune	surprise	inmune
immune	trust	inmune
unimpressed	anger	unimpressed
unimpressed	anticipation	unimpressed
unimpressed	disgust	unimpressed
unimpressed	fear	unimpressed
unimpressed	joy	unimpressed
unimpressed	negative	unimpressed
unimpressed	positive	unimpressed
unimpressed	sadness	unimpressed
unimpressed	surprise	unimpressed
unimpressed	trust	unimpressed
llama	anger	llama
llama	anticipation	de llama
llama	disgust	de llama
llama	fear	de llama
llama	joy	llama
llama	negative	de llama
llama	positive	de llama
llama	sadness	de llama
llama	surprise	llama
llama	trust	de llama que
fearing	anger	teme
fearing	anticipation	temiendo
fearing	disgust	temiendo
fearing	fear	temiendo
fearing	joy	temiendo
fearing	negative	temiendo
fearing	positive	temiendo
fearing	sadness	temiendo
fearing	surprise	temiendo
fearing	trust	temiendo
rear	anger	trasero
rear	anticipation	trasero
rear	disgust	trasero
rear	fear	trasero
rear	joy	trasero
rear	negative	trasero
rear	positive	trasero
rear	sadness	trasero
rear	surprise	trasero
rear	trust	trasero
argent	anger	argent
argent	anticipation	argent
argent	disgust	argent
argent	fear	argent
argent	joy	argent
argent	negative	argent
argent	positive	argent
argent	sadness	argent
argent	surprise	argent
argent	trust	argent
sadly	anger	tristemente
sadly	anticipation	tristemente
sadly	disgust	tristemente
sadly	fear	tristemente
sadly	joy	tristemente
sadly	negative	tristemente
sadly	positive	tristemente
sadly	sadness	tristemente
sadly	surprise	tristemente
sadly	trust	tristemente
orgies	anger	orgías
orgies	anticipation	de orgías
orgies	disgust	de orgías
orgies	fear	de orgías
orgies	joy	orgías
orgies	negative	de orgías
orgies	positive	de orgías
orgies	sadness	de orgías
orgies	surprise	orgías
orgies	trust	de orgías que
binding	anger	atan
binding	anticipation	obligatorios
binding	disgust	obligatorios
binding	fear	obligatorios
binding	joy	obligatorios
binding	negative	obligatorios
binding	positive	obligatorios
binding	sadness	antología
binding	surprise	de antología
binding	trust	obligatoria
anthology	anger	obligatoria
anthology	anticipation	obligatoria
anthology	disgust	antología
anthology	fear	de antología
anthology	joy	de antología
anthology	negative	de antología
anthology	positive	antología
anthology	sadness	de antología
anthology	surprise	de antología
anthology	trust	de antología
mark	anger	marca
mark	anticipation	de marca
mark	disgust	de marca
mark	fear	de marca
mark	joy	marca
mark	negative	de marca
mark	positive	de marca
mark	sadness	de marca
mark	surprise	marca
mark	trust	de marca
confine	anger	limita
confine	anticipation	limitar
confine	disgust	limitar
confine	fear	limitar
confine	joy	limitar
confine	negative	limitar
confine	positive	limitar
confine	sadness	limitar
confine	surprise	limitar
confine	trust	limitar
years	anger	años
years	anticipation	de años
years	disgust	de años
years	fear	de años
years	joy	años
years	negative	de años
years	positive	de años
years	sadness	de años
years	surprise	años
years	trust	de años
dour	anger	dour
dour	anticipation	dour
dour	disgust	dour
dour	fear	dour
dour	joy	dour
dour	negative	dour
dour	positive	dour
dour	sadness	dour
dour	surprise	dour
dour	trust	dour
tentative	anger	provisionales
tentative	anticipation	provisionales
tentative	disgust	provisionales
tentative	fear	provisionales
tentative	joy	provisionales
tentative	negative	provisionales
tentative	positive	provisionales
tentative	sadness	provisionales
tentative	surprise	provisionales
tentative	trust	provisionales
brown	anger	marrones
brown	anticipation	marrones
brown	disgust	marrones
brown	fear	marrones
brown	joy	marrones
brown	negative	marrones
brown	positive	marrones
brown	sadness	pérdida
brown	surprise	de pérdida
brown	trust	marrón
loss	anger	marrón
loss	anticipation	marrón
loss	disgust	pérdida
loss	fear	de pérdida
loss	joy	de pérdida
loss	negative	de pérdida
loss	positive	pérdida
loss	sadness	de pérdida
loss	surprise	de pérdida
loss	trust	de pérdida
fur	anger	piel
fur	anticipation	de piel
fur	disgust	de piel
fur	fear	de piel
fur	joy	piel
fur	negative	de piel
fur	positive	de piel
fur	sadness	de piel
fur	surprise	celebración
fur	trust	de celebración
celebration	anger	de piel
celebration	anticipation	de piel
celebration	disgust	celebración
celebration	fear	de celebración
celebration	joy	de celebración
celebration	negative	de celebración
celebration	positive	celebración
celebration	sadness	de celebración
celebration	surprise	de celebración
celebration	trust	de celebración
trimmer	anger	trimmer
trimmer	anticipation	trimmer
trimmer	disgust	trimmer
trimmer	fear	trimmer
trimmer	joy	trimmer
trimmer	negative	trimmer
trimmer	positive	trimmer
trimmer	sadness	trimmer
trimmer	surprise	trimmer
trimmer	trust	trimmer
foundation	anger	fundación
foundation	anticipation	de fundación
foundation	disgust	de fundación
foundation	fear	de fundación
foundation	joy	fundación
foundation	negative	de fundación
foundation	positive	de fundación
foundation	sadness	de fundación
foundation	surprise	fundación
foundation	trust	de fundación
derelict	anger	derelict
derelict	anticipation	derelict
derelict	disgust	derelict
derelict	fear	derelict
derelict	joy	derelict
derelict	negative	derelict
derelict	positive	derelict
derelict	sadness	derelict
derelict	surprise	derelict
derelict	trust	derelict
oppress	anger	oppress
oppress	anticipation	oppress
oppress	disgust	oppress
oppress	fear	oppress
oppress	joy	oppress
oppress	negative	oppress
oppress	positive	oppress
oppress	sadness	oppress
oppress	surprise	oppress
oppress	trust	oppress
editorial	anger	editorial
editorial	anticipation	de editorial
editorial	disgust	de editorial
editorial	fear	de editorial
editorial	joy	editorial
editorial	negative	de editorial
editorial	positive	de editorial
editorial	sadness	de editorial
editorial	surprise	editorial
editorial	trust	de editorial que
touching	anger	toca
touching	anticipation	tocando
touching	disgust	tocando
touching	fear	tocando
touching	joy	tocando
touching	negative	tocando
touching	positive	tocando
touching	sadness	tocando
touching	surprise	tocando
touching	trust	tocando
homesick	anger	homesick
homesick	anticipation	homesick
homesick	disgust	homesick
homesick	fear	homesick
homesick	joy	homesick
homesick	negative	homesick
homesick	positive	homesick
homesick	sadness	homesick
homesick	surprise	homesick
homesick	trust	homesick
cranky	anger	cranky
cranky	anticipation	cranky
cranky	disgust	cranky
cranky	fear	cranky
cranky	joy	cranky
cranky	negative	cranky
cranky	positive	cranky
cranky	sadness	cranky
cranky	surprise	cranky
cranky	trust	cranky
aftertaste	anger	regusto
aftertaste	anticipation	de regusto
aftertaste	disgust	de regusto
aftertaste	fear	de regusto
aftertaste	joy	regusto
aftertaste	negative	de regusto
aftertaste	positive	de regusto
aftertaste	sadness	de regusto
aftertaste	surprise	división
aftertaste	trust	de división
division	anger	de regusto
division	anticipation	de regusto
division	disgust	división
division	fear	de división
division	joy	de división
division	negative	de división
division	positive	división
division	sadness	de división
division	surprise	de división
division	trust	de división
quarter	anger	trimestre
quarter	anticipation	de trimestre
quarter	disgust	de trimestre
quarter	fear	de trimestre
quarter	joy	trimestre
quarter	negative	de trimestre
quarter	positive	de trimestre
quarter	sadness	de trimestre
quarter	surprise	gota
quarter	trust	de gota
drop	anger	de trimestre
drop	anticipation	de trimestre
drop	disgust	gota
drop	fear	de gota
drop	joy	de gota
drop	negative	de gota
drop	positive	gota
drop	sadness	de gota
drop	surprise	de gota
drop	trust	de gota
equity	anger	equidad
equity	anticipation	de equidad
equity	disgust	de equidad
equity	fear	de equidad
equity	joy	equidad
equity	negative	de equidad
equity	positive	de equidad
equity	sadness	de equidad
equity	surprise	equidad
equity	trust	de equidad
transcript	anger	transcript
transcript	anticipation	transcript
transcript	disgust	transcript
transcript	fear	transcript
transcript	joy	transcript
transcript	negative	transcript
transcript	positive	transcript
transcript	sadness	transcript
transcript	surprise	transcript
transcript	trust	transcript
underground	anger	subterráneo
underground	anticipation	subterráneo
underground	disgust	subterráneo
underground	fear	subterráneo
underground	joy	subterráneo
underground	negative	subterráneo
underground	positive	subterráneo
underground	sadness	tumulto
underground	surprise	de tumulto
underground	trust	subterráneo
tumult	anger	subterráneo
tumult	anticipation	subterráneo
tumult	disgust	tumulto
tumult	fear	de tumulto
tumult	joy	de tumulto
tumult	negative	de tumulto
tumult	positive	tumulto
tumult	sadness	de tumulto
tumult	surprise	de tumulto
tumult	trust	de tumulto
stupid	anger	estúpido
stupid	anticipation	estúpido
stupid	disgust	estúpido
stupid	fear	estúpido
stupid	joy	estúpido
stupid	negative	estúpido
stupid	positive	estúpido
stupid	sadness	estúpido
stupid	surprise	estúpido
stupid	trust	estúpido
informed	anger	informó
informed	anticipation	informado
informed	disgust	informó
informed	fear	informado
informed	joy	informó
informed	negative	informado
informed	positive	informó
informed	sadness	informado
informed	surprise	informó
informed	trust	informado
upset	anger	trastornar
upset	anticipation	trastornado
upset	disgust	trastornar
upset	fear	trastornado
upset	joy	trastornar
upset	negative	trastornado
upset	positive	trastornar
upset	sadness	trastornado
upset	surprise	trastornar
upset	trust	trastornado
railing	anger	railing
railing	anticipation	railing
railing	disgust	railing
railing	fear	railing
railing	joy	railing
railing	negative	railing
railing	positive	railing
railing	sadness	railing
railing	surprise	railing
railing	trust	railing
selection	anger	selección
selection	anticipation	de selección
selection	disgust	de selección
selection	fear	de selección
selection	joy	selección
selection	negative	de selección
selection	positive	de selección
selection	sadness	de selección
selection	surprise	selección
selection	trust	de selección
circumstantial	anger	coyuntural
circumstantial	anticipation	coyuntural
circumstantial	disgust	coyuntural
circumstantial	fear	coyuntural
circumstantial	joy	coyuntural
circumstantial	negative	coyuntural
circumstantial	positive	coyuntural
circumstantial	sadness	coyuntural
circumstantial	surprise	coyuntural
circumstantial	trust	coyuntural
attentive	anger	atento
attentive	anticipation	atento
attentive	disgust	atento
attentive	fear	atento
attentive	joy	atento
attentive	negative	atento
attentive	positive	atento
attentive	sadness	atento
attentive	surprise	atento
attentive	trust	atento
shambles	anger	shambles
shambles	anticipation	shambles
shambles	disgust	shambles
shambles	fear	shambles
shambles	joy	shambles
shambles	negative	shambles
shambles	positive	shambles
shambles	sadness	shambles
shambles	surprise	shambles
shambles	trust	shambles
unconstrained	anger	unconstrained
unconstrained	anticipation	unconstrained
unconstrained	disgust	unconstrained
unconstrained	fear	unconstrained
unconstrained	joy	unconstrained
unconstrained	negative	unconstrained
unconstrained	positive	unconstrained
unconstrained	sadness	unconstrained
unconstrained	surprise	unconstrained
unconstrained	trust	unconstrained
party	anger	partido
party	anticipation	de partido
party	disgust	de partido
party	fear	de partido
party	joy	partido
party	negative	de partido
party	positive	de partido
party	sadness	de partido
party	surprise	partido
party	trust	de partido
tepid	anger	tepid
tepid	anticipation	tepid
tepid	disgust	tepid
tepid	fear	tepid
tepid	joy	tepid
tepid	negative	tepid
tepid	positive	tepid
tepid	sadness	tepid
tepid	surprise	tepid
tepid	trust	tepid
spasm	anger	spasm
spasm	anticipation	spasm
spasm	disgust	spasm
spasm	fear	spasm
spasm	joy	spasm
spasm	negative	spasm
spasm	positive	spasm
spasm	sadness	spasm
spasm	surprise	spasm
spasm	trust	spasm
arsenal	anger	arsenal
arsenal	anticipation	de arsenal
arsenal	disgust	de arsenal
arsenal	fear	de arsenal
arsenal	joy	arsenal
arsenal	negative	de arsenal
arsenal	positive	de arsenal
arsenal	sadness	de arsenal
arsenal	surprise	punto
arsenal	trust	de punto
dot	anger	de arsenal
dot	anticipation	de arsenal
dot	disgust	punto
dot	fear	de punto
dot	joy	de punto
dot	negative	de punto
dot	positive	punto
dot	sadness	de punto
dot	surprise	de punto
dot	trust	de punto
lee	anger	lee
lee	anticipation	lee
lee	disgust	lee
lee	fear	lee
lee	joy	lee
lee	negative	lee
lee	positive	lee
lee	sadness	lee
lee	surprise	lee
lee	trust	lee
standard	anger	estándar
standard	anticipation	estándar
standard	disgust	estándar
standard	fear	estándar
standard	joy	estándar
standard	negative	estándar
standard	positive	estándar
standard	sadness	estándar
standard	surprise	estándar
standard	trust	estándar
tod	anger	tod
tod	anticipation	tod
tod	disgust	tod
tod	fear	tod
tod	joy	tod
tod	negative	tod
tod	positive	tod
tod	sadness	tod
tod	surprise	tod
tod	trust	tod
doldrums	anger	doldrums
doldrums	anticipation	doldrums
doldrums	disgust	doldrums
doldrums	fear	doldrums
doldrums	joy	doldrums
doldrums	negative	doldrums
doldrums	positive	doldrums
doldrums	sadness	doldrums
doldrums	surprise	doldrums
doldrums	trust	doldrums
paste	anger	pasta
paste	anticipation	de pasta
paste	disgust	de pasta
paste	fear	de pasta
paste	joy	pasta
paste	negative	de pasta
paste	positive	de pasta
paste	sadness	de pasta
paste	surprise	cursos
paste	trust	de cursos
courses	anger	de pasta
courses	anticipation	de pasta
courses	disgust	cursos
courses	fear	de cursos
courses	joy	de cursos
courses	negative	de cursos
courses	positive	cursos
courses	sadness	de cursos
courses	surprise	de cursos
courses	trust	de cursos
adaptable	anger	adaptables
adaptable	anticipation	adaptables
adaptable	disgust	adaptables
adaptable	fear	adaptables
adaptable	joy	adaptables
adaptable	negative	adaptables
adaptable	positive	adaptables
adaptable	sadness	confesiones
adaptable	surprise	de confesiones
adaptable	trust	adaptables
confessions	anger	adaptables
confessions	anticipation	adaptables
confessions	disgust	confesiones
confessions	fear	de confesiones
confessions	joy	de confesiones
confessions	negative	de confesiones
confessions	positive	confesiones
confessions	sadness	de confesiones
confessions	surprise	de confesiones
confessions	trust	de confesiones
community	anger	comunidad
community	anticipation	de comunidad
community	disgust	de comunidad
community	fear	de comunidad
community	joy	comunidad
community	negative	de comunidad
community	positive	de comunidad
community	sadness	de comunidad
community	surprise	par
community	trust	de par
pair	anger	de comunidad
pair	anticipation	de comunidad
pair	disgust	par
pair	fear	de par
pair	joy	de par
pair	negative	de par
pair	positive	par
pair	sadness	de par
pair	surprise	de par
pair	trust	de par
auctioneer	anger	auctioneer
auctioneer	anticipation	auctioneer
auctioneer	disgust	auctioneer
auctioneer	fear	auctioneer
auctioneer	joy	auctioneer
auctioneer	negative	auctioneer
auctioneer	positive	auctioneer
auctioneer	sadness	auctioneer
auctioneer	surprise	auctioneer
auctioneer	trust	auctioneer
prejudice	anger	prejuicio
prejudice	anticipation	de prejuicio
prejudice	disgust	de prejuicio
prejudice	fear	de prejuicio
prejudice	joy	prejuicio
prejudice	negative	de prejuicio
prejudice	positive	de prejuicio
prejudice	sadness	de prejuicio
prejudice	surprise	consumo
prejudice	trust	de consumo
consumption	anger	de prejuicio
consumption	anticipation	de prejuicio
consumption	disgust	consumo
consumption	fear	de consumo
consumption	joy	de consumo
consumption	negative	de consumo
consumption	positive	consumo
consumption	sadness	de consumo
consumption	surprise	de consumo
consumption	trust	de consumo
actuality	anger	actualidad
actuality	anticipation	de actualidad
actuality	disgust	de actualidad
actuality	fear	de actualidad
actuality	joy	actualidad
actuality	negative	de actualidad
actuality	positive	de actualidad
actuality	sadness	de actualidad
actuality	surprise	tenis
actuality	trust	de tenis
tennis	anger	de actualidad
tennis	anticipation	de actualidad
tennis	disgust	tenis
tennis	fear	de tenis
tennis	joy	de tenis
tennis	negative	de tenis
tennis	positive	tenis
tennis	sadness	de tenis
tennis	surprise	de tenis
tennis	trust	de tenis
deed	anger	deed
deed	anticipation	deed
deed	disgust	deed
deed	fear	deed
deed	joy	deed
deed	negative	deed
deed	positive	deed
deed	sadness	deed
deed	surprise	deed
deed	trust	deed
success	anger	éxito
success	anticipation	de éxito
success	disgust	de éxito
success	fear	de éxito
success	joy	éxito
success	negative	de éxito
success	positive	de éxito
success	sadness	de éxito
success	surprise	salto
success	trust	de salto
leap	anger	de éxito
leap	anticipation	de éxito
leap	disgust	salto
leap	fear	de salto
leap	joy	de salto
leap	negative	de salto
leap	positive	salto
leap	sadness	de salto
leap	surprise	de salto
leap	trust	de salto
saga	anger	saga
saga	anticipation	de saga
saga	disgust	de saga
saga	fear	de saga
saga	joy	saga
saga	negative	de saga
saga	positive	de saga
saga	sadness	de saga
saga	surprise	saga
saga	trust	de saga que
copying	anger	copia
copying	anticipation	copiando
copying	disgust	copiando
copying	fear	copiando
copying	joy	copiando
copying	negative	copiando
copying	positive	copiando
copying	sadness	copiando
copying	surprise	copiando
copying	trust	copiando
gavel	anger	gavel
gavel	anticipation	gavel
gavel	disgust	gavel
gavel	fear	gavel
gavel	joy	gavel
gavel	negative	gavel
gavel	positive	gavel
gavel	sadness	gavel
gavel	surprise	gavel
gavel	trust	gavel
evaporation	anger	evaporación
evaporation	anticipation	de evaporación
evaporation	disgust	de evaporación
evaporation	fear	de evaporación
evaporation	joy	evaporación
evaporation	negative	de evaporación
evaporation	positive	de evaporación
evaporation	sadness	de evaporación
evaporation	surprise	evaporación
evaporation	trust	de evaporación
salutary	anger	salutary
salutary	anticipation	salutary
salutary	disgust	salutary
salutary	fear	salutary
salutary	joy	salutary
salutary	negative	salutary
salutary	positive	salutary
salutary	sadness	salutary
salutary	surprise	salutary
salutary	trust	salutary
handwriting	anger	letra
handwriting	anticipation	de letra
handwriting	disgust	de letra
handwriting	fear	de letra
handwriting	joy	letra
handwriting	negative	de letra
handwriting	positive	de letra
handwriting	sadness	de letra
handwriting	surprise	letra
handwriting	trust	de letra
inception	anger	inception
inception	anticipation	inception
inception	disgust	inception
inception	fear	inception
inception	joy	inception
inception	negative	inception
inception	positive	inception
inception	sadness	inception
inception	surprise	inception
inception	trust	inception
implicated	anger	implicated
implicated	anticipation	implicated
implicated	disgust	implicated
implicated	fear	implicated
implicated	joy	implicated
implicated	negative	implicated
implicated	positive	implicated
implicated	sadness	implicated
implicated	surprise	implicated
implicated	trust	implicated
room	anger	habitación
room	anticipation	de habitación
room	disgust	de habitación
room	fear	de habitación
room	joy	habitación
room	negative	de habitación
room	positive	de habitación
room	sadness	de habitación
room	surprise	habitación
room	trust	de habitación
covert	anger	covert
covert	anticipation	covert
covert	disgust	covert
covert	fear	covert
covert	joy	covert
covert	negative	covert
covert	positive	covert
covert	sadness	covert
covert	surprise	covert
covert	trust	covert
appearance	anger	aspecto
appearance	anticipation	de aspecto
appearance	disgust	de aspecto
appearance	fear	de aspecto
appearance	joy	aspecto
appearance	negative	de aspecto
appearance	positive	de aspecto
appearance	sadness	de aspecto
appearance	surprise	aspecto
appearance	trust	de aspecto
high	anger	alto
high	anticipation	alto
high	disgust	alto
high	fear	alto
high	joy	alto
high	negative	alto
high	positive	alto
high	sadness	alto
high	surprise	alto
high	trust	prólogo
prologue	anger	de prólogo
prologue	anticipation	de prólogo
prologue	disgust	alto
prologue	fear	prólogo
prologue	joy	de prólogo
prologue	negative	de prólogo
prologue	positive	de prólogo
prologue	sadness	plaga
prologue	surprise	de prólogo
prologue	trust	de prólogo
blight	anger	de prólogo
blight	anticipation	plaga
blight	disgust	de plaga
blight	fear	de plaga
blight	joy	de plaga
blight	negative	plaga
blight	positive	de plaga
blight	sadness	de plaga
blight	surprise	de plaga
blight	trust	la plaga
quaint	anger	pintoresca
quaint	anticipation	pintoresco
quaint	disgust	pintoresco
quaint	fear	pintoresco
quaint	joy	pintoresco
quaint	negative	pintoresco
quaint	positive	pintoresco
quaint	sadness	pintoresco
quaint	surprise	pintoresco
quaint	trust	pintoresco
parliamentary	anger	parlamentario
parliamentary	anticipation	parlamentario
parliamentary	disgust	parlamentario
parliamentary	fear	parlamentario
parliamentary	joy	parlamentario
parliamentary	negative	parlamentario
parliamentary	positive	parlamentario
parliamentary	sadness	parlamentario
parliamentary	surprise	parlamentario
parliamentary	trust	parlamentario
absorbent	anger	absorbente
absorbent	anticipation	absorbente
absorbent	disgust	absorbente
absorbent	fear	absorbente
absorbent	joy	absorbente
absorbent	negative	absorbente
absorbent	positive	absorbente
absorbent	sadness	absorbente
absorbent	surprise	absorbente
absorbent	trust	absorbente
keyhole	anger	keyhole
keyhole	anticipation	keyhole
keyhole	disgust	keyhole
keyhole	fear	keyhole
keyhole	joy	keyhole
keyhole	negative	keyhole
keyhole	positive	keyhole
keyhole	sadness	keyhole
keyhole	surprise	keyhole
keyhole	trust	keyhole
demonstrated	anger	demostró
demonstrated	anticipation	demostrado
demonstrated	disgust	demostró
demonstrated	fear	demostrado
demonstrated	joy	demostró
demonstrated	negative	demostrado
demonstrated	positive	demostró
demonstrated	sadness	demostrado
demonstrated	surprise	demostró
demonstrated	trust	demostrado
indefensible	anger	indefendible
indefensible	anticipation	indefendible
indefensible	disgust	indefendible
indefensible	fear	indefendible
indefensible	joy	indefendible
indefensible	negative	indefendible
indefensible	positive	indefendible
indefensible	sadness	indefendible
indefensible	surprise	indefendible
indefensible	trust	indefendible
revive	anger	revivir
revive	anticipation	revivir
revive	disgust	revivir
revive	fear	revivir
revive	joy	revivir
revive	negative	revivir
revive	positive	revivir
revive	sadness	revivir
revive	surprise	revivir
revive	trust	revivir
stitch	anger	punto de sutura
stitch	anticipation	de punto de sutura
stitch	disgust	de punto de sutura
stitch	fear	de punto de sutura
stitch	joy	punto de sutura
stitch	negative	de punto de sutura
stitch	positive	de punto de sutura
stitch	sadness	de punto de sutura
stitch	surprise	cuadro
stitch	trust	de cuadro
picture	anger	de punto de sutura
picture	anticipation	de punto de sutura
picture	disgust	cuadro
picture	fear	de cuadro
picture	joy	de cuadro
picture	negative	de cuadro
picture	positive	cuadro
picture	sadness	de cuadro
picture	surprise	de cuadro
picture	trust	de cuadro
lace	anger	encaje
lace	anticipation	de encaje
lace	disgust	de encaje
lace	fear	de encaje
lace	joy	encaje
lace	negative	de encaje
lace	positive	de encaje
lace	sadness	de encaje
lace	surprise	encaje
lace	trust	de encaje
cockpit	anger	cockpit
cockpit	anticipation	cockpit
cockpit	disgust	cockpit
cockpit	fear	cockpit
cockpit	joy	cockpit
cockpit	negative	cockpit
cockpit	positive	cockpit
cockpit	sadness	cockpit
cockpit	surprise	cockpit
cockpit	trust	cockpit
moods	anger	humores
moods	anticipation	de humores
moods	disgust	de humores
moods	fear	de humores
moods	joy	humores
moods	negative	de humores
moods	positive	de humores
moods	sadness	de humores
moods	surprise	tregua
moods	trust	de tregua
truce	anger	de humores
truce	anticipation	de humores
truce	disgust	tregua
truce	fear	de tregua
truce	joy	de tregua
truce	negative	de tregua
truce	positive	tregua
truce	sadness	de tregua
truce	surprise	de tregua
truce	trust	de tregua
scene	anger	escena
scene	anticipation	de escena
scene	disgust	de escena
scene	fear	de escena
scene	joy	escena
scene	negative	de escena
scene	positive	de escena
scene	sadness	de escena
scene	surprise	escena
scene	trust	de escena
chopping	anger	chopping
chopping	anticipation	chopping
chopping	disgust	chopping
chopping	fear	chopping
chopping	joy	chopping
chopping	negative	chopping
chopping	positive	chopping
chopping	sadness	chopping
chopping	surprise	chopping
chopping	trust	chopping
candidate	anger	candidato
candidate	anticipation	de candidato
candidate	disgust	de candidato
candidate	fear	de candidato
candidate	joy	candidato
candidate	negative	de candidato
candidate	positive	de candidato
candidate	sadness	de candidato
candidate	surprise	dotación
candidate	trust	de dotación
endowment	anger	de candidato
endowment	anticipation	de candidato
endowment	disgust	dotación
endowment	fear	de dotación
endowment	joy	de dotación
endowment	negative	de dotación
endowment	positive	dotación
endowment	sadness	de dotación
endowment	surprise	de dotación
endowment	trust	de dotación
structure	anger	estructura
structure	anticipation	de estructura
structure	disgust	de estructura
structure	fear	de estructura
structure	joy	estructura
structure	negative	de estructura
structure	positive	de estructura
structure	sadness	de estructura
structure	surprise	estructura
structure	trust	de estructura
schism	anger	schism
schism	anticipation	schism
schism	disgust	schism
schism	fear	schism
schism	joy	schism
schism	negative	schism
schism	positive	schism
schism	sadness	schism
schism	surprise	schism
schism	trust	schism
exponent	anger	exponente
exponent	anticipation	de exponente
exponent	disgust	de exponente
exponent	fear	de exponente
exponent	joy	exponente
exponent	negative	de exponente
exponent	positive	de exponente
exponent	sadness	de exponente
exponent	surprise	exponente
exponent	trust	de exponente
annoy	anger	molesta
annoy	anticipation	molestar
annoy	disgust	molestar
annoy	fear	molestar
annoy	joy	molestar
annoy	negative	molestar
annoy	positive	molestar
annoy	sadness	molestar
annoy	surprise	molestar
annoy	trust	molestar
bandit	anger	bandido
bandit	anticipation	de bandido
bandit	disgust	de bandido
bandit	fear	de bandido
bandit	joy	bandido
bandit	negative	de bandido
bandit	positive	de bandido
bandit	sadness	de bandido
bandit	surprise	bandido
bandit	trust	de bandido
